“Happiness is a warm puppy.”
“That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.”
“If we try to standardize happiness… a kind of uniform container for human experience… people themselves will become more standardized.”
“This was where his happiness lay, to sit in the great library and to read all things.”
“The important thing for you to remember, Montag, is we're the Happiness Boys, the Dixie Duo, you and I and the others. We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought. We have our fingers in the dike. Hold steady. Don't let the torrent of melancholy and drear philosophy drown our world. We depend on you. I don't think you realize how important you are, we are, to our happy world as it stands now.”
“Life is the night sky All the dots of stars are happiness”
“I have been poisoned in your love and now I need antidote Jacqueline.L.J! <3”
“The fall of a leaf is not the end of its journey, but the beginning of something greater.”
“Cats have no need of philosophy. Obeying their nature, they are content with the life it gives them. In humans, on the other hand, discontent with their nature seems to be natural. With predictably tragic and farcical results, the human animal never ceases striving to be something that it is not. Cats make no such effort. Much of human life is a struggle for happiness. Among cats, on the other hand, happiness is the state to which they default when practical threats to their well-being are removed. That may be the chief reason many of us love cats. They possess as their birthright a felicity humans regularly fail to attain.”
“Happiness isn't a thing. You can't go out and get it like a cup of tea. It's the way you feel about things.”
“The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness”
“Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.”
“Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.”
“You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.”
“Sad things happen in life. They just do. But so do happy things.”
“True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God. If I seek some other reward besides God Himself, I may get my reward but I cannot be happy.”
“Allow each lamp you light to bring a smile to your face and to enlighten your soul. Allow the earthen lamp’s flame to cleanse your heart, mind, and soul. May the Diwali lamps brighten your life and the rangoli add more colours to it. May the sound of crackers and sweets bring more glee and cheer. The mirth, merriment, and joy of this divine festival surround you for the rest of your life. Happy Deepavali.”
“You always thought that you would be glad you were here too and happy to call this place home. Yet now you know that calling a place home does not make it so.”
“I think instead [of happiness] we should be working for contentment  an inner sense of fulfillment that's relatively independent of external circumstances.”
“A flower blossoms for its own joy.”
“I cannot tell if what the world considers ‘happiness’ is happiness or not. All I know is that when I consider the way they go about attaining it, I see them carried away headlong, grim and obsessed, in the general onrush of the human herd, unable to stop themselves or to change their direction. All the while they claim to be just on the point of attaining happiness.”
“Don’t think about happiness. If it doesn’t come, there’s no disappointment; if it does come, it’s a surprise.”
“Suffering sucks. Don't do it. Go home and love your wife. Go home and love yourself. Go home and base your happiness on one thing and one thing only: freedom. Choose freedom, not suffering. Create a life of freedom, not wanting. Have some really good coffee and listen to the red-winged blackbirds in the marsh. Ignore the mosquitoes.”
“Sometimes you get everything you ever wanted, only it doesn't look like what you wanted anymore.”
“I've got nothing to do today but smile.”
“No man, woman or child is an island. We are ultrasocial creatures, and we can't be happy without having friends and secure attachments to other people.”
“It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.”
“Unfortunately, people are erecting massive barriers around themselves rather than erecting beautiful bridges to connect.”
“I did not believe that a Cause which stood for a beautiful ideal, for anarchism, for release and freedom from convention and prejudice, should demand the denial of life and joy. I insisted that our Cause could not expect me to become a nun and that the movement would not be turned into a cloister. If it meant that, I did not want it.”
“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
“He found himself remembering how on one summer morning they two had started from New York in search of happiness. They had never expected to find it, perhaps, yet in itself that quest had been happier than anything he expected forevermore. Life, it seemed, must be a setting up of props around one - otherwise it was disaster. There was no rest, no quiet. He had been futile in longing to drift and dream, no one drifted except to maelstroms, no one dreamed, without his dreams becoming fantastic nightmares of indecision and regret.”
“I achieved nothing great without passion and enthusiasm. It is the fuel that ignites the fire within us, propelling us forward in pursuit of our dreams and goals.”
“Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what”
“If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit. Make the choice to view all of your past relationships as a gift. Throw out what hasn’t worked in the past and incorporate new concepts. Focus on being happy﻿.”
“Understanding others is a sign of intelligence; understanding oneself is a sign of true wisdom. Controlling others is a sign of strength, but mastering oneself is a sign of true power.”
“Earth was meant to be a happy place to live”
“The clouds may change shape and move, but the sky remains an infinite canvas of possibility.”
“Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.”
“I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.”
“If you see the world and yourself through a lens smudged by negativity then you’ll find much misery. If you look outwards and inwards through lens brightened by positivity you’ll find much to be happy and appreciative about.”
“I know money isn't everything. but it certainly is something.”
“What's the use of crying, and retching, and belching, all day long, like your lady downstairs? Life has its sad side, and we must take the rough with the smooth. Why, maids have died on their marriage eve, or, what's worse, bringing their first baby into the world, and the world's wagged on all the same. Life's sad enough, in all conscience, but there's nothing to be frightened about in it or to turn one's stomach. I was country-bred, and as my old granny used to say, "There's no clock like the sun and no calendar like the stars." And why? Because it gets one used to the look of Time. There's no bogey from over the hills that scares one like Time. But when one's been used all one's life to seeing him naked, as it were, instead of shut up in a clock, like he is in Lud, one learns that he is as quiet and peaceful as an old ox dragging the plough. And to watch Time teaches one to sing. They say the fruit from over the hills makes one sing. I've never tasted so much as a sherd of it, but for all that I can sing.”
“Have you noticed how nobody ever looks up? Nobody looks at chimneys, or trees against the sky, or the tops of buildings. Everybody just looks down at the pavement or their shoes. The whole world could pass them by and most people wouldn't notice.”
“Love is too precious to be ashamed of.”
“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
“Faith isn’t blind belief; it’s unwavering trust.”
“Times of terror and the deepest misery may arrive, but if there is to be any happiness in this misery it can only be a spiritual happiness, related to the past in the rescue of the culture of early ages and to the future in a serene and indefatigable championship of the spirit in a time which would otherwise completely swallow up the material.”
“I wanted color. I wanted to soar with happiness even if it meant dealing with the weight of fear and guilt, too. I wanted to live.”
“Happiness isn't constant because it lies in constantly changing moments.”
“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
“Yet some happiness must and would arise, from the very conviction, that he did suffer.”
“The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.”
“When you're unhappy, you get to pay a lot of attention to yourself. And you get to take yourself oh so very seriously. Your truly happy people, which is to say, your people who truly like themselves, they don't think about themselves very much. Your unhappy person resents it when you try to cheer him up, because that means he has to stop dwellin' on himself and start payin' attention to the universe. Unhappiness is the ultimate form of self-indulgence.”
“Happiness is not found in anything, nor can it be achieved by any means; It is a state of being your true self, It is your very nature; Happiness lies in self-knowledge.”
“The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”
“I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.”
“You’re such a snob, bragging with that infinite knowledge you uploaded into your brain.”
“Once the aspirations and appetites of the world have been whetted by the marvels of Western technology and the self-image of a people awakened by religion, one cannot hope to keep people locked out of the earthly kingdom of wealth, health and happiness. Either they share in the blessings of the world or they organize to break down and overthrow those structures or governments which stand in the way of their goals. Former generations could not conceive of such luxury, but their children now take this vision and demand that it become a reality. And when they look around and see that the only people who do not share in the abundance of Western technology are colored people, it is an almost inescapable conclusion that their condition and their exploitation are somehow related to their color and the racism of the white Western world. This is a treacherous foundation for a world house. Racism can well be that corrosive evil that will bring down the curtain on Western civilization.”
“Yes, being happy depends on oneself, but it implies sacrifices: leaving pride behind, knowing how to forgive, ignoring offenses and always returning the good, for any bad action received. It is simply sacrificing oneself, for oneself and always being grateful.”
“Culture is an elevated expression of the inner voice which the different peoples of the Earth have heard in the depths of their being, a voice which conveys the vibrant compassion and wisdom of the cosmic life. For different cultures to engage in interaction is to catalyze each other's souls and foster mutual understanding.”
“Happiness is a mysterious thing, to be found somewhere between too little and too much.”
“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
“According to the wheel of life, everything is subject to change and extinction.”
“Hector looked unconvinced. “Does your job make you rich?” “Nah, but it does make me happy, and I think that’s more important.”
“When you can no longer count the peaceful moments in your day, and life becomes a wonderful place of clear thoughts and calm. You know things are as right as they should be.”
“Talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy.”
“During the years he spent in Venezuela he thought he had once and for all overcome the solemnity that had been an essential part of his nature from childhood, as though he was in mourning for all the world's suffering, violence and evil. Faced with so many disasters, happiness seemed to him obscene. In love with Roser in the green, warm country of Venezuela, he had vanquished the temptation to cloak himself in sadness.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“That's the difference between me and the rest of the world! Happiness isn't good enough for me! I demand euphoria!”
“No man should ever completely realize his dreams. What else would there then be to live for?”
“Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the overcompensations for misery. And, of course, stability isn't nearly so spectacular as instability. And being contented has none of the glamour of a good fight against misfortune, none of the picturesqueness of a struggle with temptation, or a fatal overthrow by passion or doubt. Happiness is never grand.”
“If you wish to be happy,Eragon, Think not of what is to come nor of that which you have no control over but rather of the now and that which you are able to change”
“I earnestly wish to point out in what true dignity and human happiness consists. I wish to persuade women to endeavor to acquire strength, both of mind and body, and to convince them that the soft phrases, susceptibility of heart, delicacy of sentiment, and refinement of taste, are almost synonymous with epithets of weakness, and that those beings are only the objects of pity, and that kind of love which has been termed its sister, will soon become objects of contempt.”
“Were you born to obey?”
“Your happiness and inner peace are your personal responsibility. Do not depend on anyone else for this.”
“She had never imagined she had the power to make someone else so happy. And not a magical power, either--a purely human one.”
“Serenity is inner peace amid chaos and trouble, not their absence.”
“But there was, she knew, something else. Happiness, she supposed. Whatever that might be. What, exactly, she wondered, was happiness. Very positively she wanted it.”
“If only we'd stop trying to be happy, we could have a pretty good time.”
“I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been.”
“Happiness is inseparably connected with decent, clean behavior. ”
“Confidence will make you smile so believe in yourself and once you smile, the world is yours.”
“I've always believed that happiness is just around the corner. The trick is fining the right corner.”
“Recognizing that you are not where you want to be is a starting point to begin changing your life.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT Goodbye.”
“God is not necessarily invisible. Nor is God an inanimate object in a place of worship. God is not even an abstract idea. God’s presence can be touched, felt and experienced. Through the people in your Life. The one who stands by you, with you, every step of the way, when everyone else has forsaken you – that one person is your God. Truly. "Kooda nikkaravanga thaan onga Kadavul! Jo hameysha aapke saath hain, wahi aapke Khuda hain!”
“Pure joy is rare. That’s why for every meal I eat a really bloody steak.”
“Raise you awareness and share your uniqueness to the world.”
“Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times if one only remembers to turn on the light. - Albus Dumbledore”
“I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air. or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
“I would cling to unhappiness because it was a known, familiar state. When I was happier, it was because I knew I was on my way back to misery. I've never been convinced that happiness is the object of the game. I'm wary of happiness.”
“Just as the wind can be both gentle and fierce, life can be both beautiful and challenging.”
“When you live in a complete let go, you are letting grace lead you, to guide you. It will never let you down.”
“The mindful leader is attentive to the fact that all his team members seek happiness or well-being. That said, this is in no way a call for leaders to make their members happy at all cost.”
“The rest will fall into place, because true wealth and true happiness are reserved in this world for the people who are willing to risk it all in order to capture it. (p216)”
“We just wanna be the happy bums that we are. That's all.”
“The bicycle saves my life every day. If you've ever experienced a moment of awe or freedom on a bicycle; if you've ever taken flight from sadness to the rhythm of two spinning wheels, or felt the resurgence of hope pedalling to the top of a hill with the dew of effort on your forehead; if you've ever wondered, swooping down bird-like down a long hill, if the world was standing still; if you have ever, just once, sat on a bicycle with a singing heart and felt like an ordinary human touching the gods, then we share something fundamental. We know it's all about the bike.”
“Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.”
“I look at the hundreds of algebra problems facing me in the next three days. And here I thought I’d figured out the equation to my happiness.”
“Did I love them because they were the only boys in my life who consistently told me that I was beautiful? Probably. I loved The Ruperts for who they were, sure, but I mostly loved them for how they made me feel. Which was happy. The Ruperts made me happy. The simplest thing to be in the world. And the hardest.”
“Legends need not concern themselves with something as small as happiness.”
“Nature's serene beauty and tranquillity aid in one's search.”
“Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.”
“Taste your self!”
“The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.”
“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
“How can one explain this trend towards a more colorless and shallow life? Well, the work was easier, if less healthy, and it brought in more money, more leisure, and perhaps more entertainment. A day in the country is long and hard. And yet the fruits of their present life were worthless compared to a single coin of their former life: a rest in the evening and a rural festivity. That they no longer knew the old kind of happiness was obvious from the discontentment which spread over their features. Soon dissatisfaction, prevailing over all their other moods, became their religion.”
“You know what my father told me when I was little, one day, when he found me crying? He told me that God gave people a fixed number of tears and are of two kinds: tears of sadness and tears of happiness. And that I should not waste my tears elsewhere, but keep them for the moments of happiness. Would be a shame to not have tears to cry then   ”
“There are a few moments in your life when you are truly and completely happy, and you remember to give thanks. Even as it happens you are nostalgic for the moment, you are tucking it away in your scrapbook.”
“The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.”
“I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.”
“Be happy. It's one way of being wise”
“There's a difference between living and just surviving. Do something you love, and find someone to love who loves that you love what you do. It is really that simple. And that hard.”
“Rainbows cover the world in love which we can see.”
“It is no coincidence that precisely when things started going downhill with the gods, politics gained its bliss-making character. There would be no reason for objecting to this, since the gods, too were not exactly fair. But at least people saw temples instead of termite architecture. Bliss is drawing closer; it is no longer in the afterlife, it will come, though not momentarily, sooner or later in the here and now - in time. The anarch thinks more primitively; he refuses to give up any of his happiness. "Make thyself happy" is his basic law. It his response to the "Know thyself" at the temple of Apollo in Delphi. These two maxims complement each other; we must know our happiness and our measure.”
“Try to be happy within the context of the life we are actually living. Happiness is not a situation to be longed for or a convergence of lucky happenstance. Through the power of our own minds, we can help ourselves.”
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
“Dads. Do your faces light up when you first see your child in the morning or when you come home from work? Do you not understand that a child’s entire sense of value can revolve around what they see in your face when you first see them?”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.”
“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift  YOU!”
“Lucky for him, my lips are not smiling alone.”
“True happiness does not reside in the ill-considered consumption of goods paid for by the suffering, famine, and death of others, but in a life enlightened by the feeling of a constant responsibility for one's neighbor.”
“If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change.”
“I was happy anywhere I could see the ocean.”
“I was terrified of my weakness, of my sharp tongue, of my every flaw. I was terrified that this moment, my chance to live in happiness for however short a time we may have had, would be ruined because I was simply not carved out of the same wood as happiness, and that my grain was too twisted to ever take its form.”
“You don’t go out looking for happiness. It comes from within, from accepting who you are and living in the present.”
“Good health is the foundation for every other thing.”
“Listen to what is said rather than who is speaking.”
“The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.”
“The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
“While amidst the crowd and seeking quieteness in another zone you can still get away from them by homing in on matters within.”
“All happiness depends on courage and work.”
“Men do not die of happiness, nor do they die of misery.”
“If you constantly go back over your life and focus on the difficulties from the past, you are just bringing more difficult circumstances to you now. When you think back over your life, let go of all the things you don't love about your life, let go of all the things you don't love about your childhood and keep only the things you love. Let go of the things you don't love about your adolescent and adult years and keep only the good things. When you do, you'll discover that you begin to feel happier and happier. The more positive thoughts you entertain, the more you notice the things that you love and that make you feel good, and the happier you become. Like attracts like, and when you're happy, you attract happy people, circumstances, and events into your life. This is how your life changes - one happy thought at a time!”
“We are souls, eternal and perfect, captains of our mystic ships: gods and goddesses of our universe. We are beautiful, we pearls of grit. We, the ember of everything. Our uniqueness IS what makes us special, and the expression of it is our gift to the rest of us. In order to feel happy and fulfilled, we must honour our own personal brand of creativity  let it out into the world  BE who we came here to BE.”
“When my mother didn't come back I realized that any moment could be the last. Nothing in life should simply be a passage from one place to another. Each walk should be taken as if it is the only thing you have left. You can demand something like this of yourself as an unattainable ideal. After that, you have to remind yourself about it every time you're sloppy about something. For me that means 250 times a day.”
“Dear Daughter, You need people who can be happy to see happiness written all over you.”
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
“A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and delicacy and harmony.”
“To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.”
“It's one thing thinking something and another thing knowing it.”
“The good news is that I believe every woman who wants to can find a great partner. You're just going to need to get rid of the idea that marriage will make you happy. It won't. Once the initial high wears off, you'll just be you, except with twice as much laundry. Because ultimately, marriage is not about getting something -- it's about giving it. Strangely, men understand this more than we do. Probably because for them marriage involves sacrificing their most treasured possession -- a free-agent penis -- and for us, it's the culmination of a princess fantasy so universal, it built Disneyland.”
“Don't worry if you don't have hours to dedicate to sitting. A few moments of sitting and conscious breathing can bring great happiness.”
“Empowered Women 101: Happiness is something that you establish before a relationship. It is not the relationship that establishes it first.”
“The easiest way to share happiness in this world is to serve others selflessly.”
“If I could take a bite of the whole world And feel it on my palate I’d be more happy for a minute or so  But I don’t always want to be happy. Sometimes you have to be Unhappy to be natural  Not every day is sunny. When there’s been no rain for a while, you pray for it to come. So I take unhappiness with happiness Naturally, like someone who doesn’t find it strange That there are mountains and plains And that there are cliffs and grass  What you need is to be natural and calm In happiness and in unhappiness, To feel like someone seeing, To think like someone walking, And when it’s time to die, remember the day dies, And the sunset is beautiful, and the endless night is beautiful  That’s how it is and that’s how it should be ”
“The true measure of success is how many times you can bounce back from failure.”
“Magic is the realest aspect of life.”
“Through everything and every Atma (Soul) in this universe, you can see Param-Atma (Supreme).”
“Gratitude was never meant to be an excuse for giving up on the obstacles God has put before you. Some of the most magical things he can bring us require faith and a lot of planning.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“Science of happiness lies in our understanding. The secrets of happiness lie in our capacity to expand our heart.”
“To engage in later thinking, one must let go of preconceived notions and consider novel concepts.”
“One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.”
“Hold onto holiness with your two hands, for by so you befriend happiness.”
“My theory is that more often than not, we are guilty of being oblivious of feelings.”
“Just celebrate and dance. Life is a moment we are living right now.”
“Better to be happy than wise.”
“The glitter of the great world, you know, is only so much froth and spume: you may look in vain for happiness there.”
“When a soothing wind blows gently love through the thistledown of expectations, hope may inveigle the future for timeless care and tenderness to be anchored in a bay of good luck. ("Happiness blowing in the wind" )”
“When at last I left him I ran all the way home. I laughed, I talked to myself, I wanted to shout and sing, and I found it very difficult not to tell my parents how happy I was, that my whole life had changed, and that I was no longer a beggar but as rich as Croesus.”
“As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.”
“True happiness is when the love that is within us finds expression in external activities.”
“What is it about the moment you fall in love? How can such a small measure of time contain such enormity?”
“Just be clear about your question, and I will give you the answer you are looking for.”
“Leadership is the ability to face any situation in Life and do what needs to be done, effectively and efficiently.”
“Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".”
“Life is a journey, and the lessons we learn along the way help us become who we are.”
“Having a bunch of cats around is good. If you're feeling bad, just look at the cats, you'll feel better, because they know that everything is, just as it is.”
“I did, of course, on both counts, and started going out with the boy I lost my virginity to - all of it. He lost his to me too, except that neither of us felt we had lost anything - just discovered the meaning of life and love and everything else unnecessary in between.”
“God's language is empathy, compassion, kindness, and silence.”
“Erase from your vocabulary the word “someday.” Do not save things for “special occasions.” Take into account the fact that every day is special. Every day is a gift that we must appreciate and be thankful for. Wear your attractive clothes, wear your nice perfume, use your fine silverware and dishes, and drink from your expensive crystal glasses … just because. Live every day to the fullest and savor every minute of it.”
“Before our life story crumbles down from our mind and reaches the dead level of our zest for life, let us dive into the depths of our being and uncover uncharted keystones precious for reawakening. (''Happiness is blowing in the wind'')”
“The great arises out of small things that are honored and cared for. Everybody's life really consists of small things. Greatness is a mental abstraction and a favorite fantasy of the ego. The paradox is that the foundation for greatness is honoring the small things of the present moment instead of pursuing the idea of greatness.”
“I’m frail; I’m heartbroken; I’m a moron; They have deceived me. The mind creates ridiculous doubts and quandaries about itself.”
“We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.”
“Money may not buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in a Jaguar than on a bus.”
“I believe our clever young man has intuited that while only the pursuit of happiness is promised to all Americans, unhappiness is guaranteed for many.”
“October knew, of course, that the action of turning a page, of ending a chapter or shutting a book, did not end the tale. Having admitted that, he would also avow that happy endings were never difficult to find: "It is simply a matter," he explained to April, "of finding a sunny place in a garden, where the light is golden and the grass is soft; somewhere to rest, to stop reading, and to be content.”
“megan once told me that happiness is getting exactly what you want, but she thinks it's only what she wants that counts.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“May God bless you with all the colours of life - may your days be filled with joy, happiness, and friendship, and may your heart be filled with the beautiful shades of love. On this auspicious occasion, I hope you and your family have a wonderful time playing with vibrant colours, singing and dancing to cheerful tunes, and sharing laughter and happiness with your loved ones. May your life be as colourful and bright as the beautiful hues of Holi. Wishing you and your family a happy and blessed Holi. May your day be filled with fun, frolic, and endless memories to cherish.”
“Employee Experience (EX) is still not embedded into the majority of daily operations. If we correlate EX to User Experience (UX) or Customer Experience (CX) there is much of the holistic picture missing.”
“You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.”
“Let’s not neglect the emotional aspect when managing the cognitive one.”
“How does one craft happiness out of something as important, as complicated, as unrepeatable and as easily damaged as life?”
“It takes strength to let go of the past, but the power to forget it brings true liberation.”
“When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away. ”
“Money can't buy happiness but it can buy a huge yacht that sails right next to it.”
“Happy people produce. Bored people consume.”
“I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy because they know what it’s like to feel absolutely worthless and they don’t want anyone else to feel like that.”
“Joy weathers any storm: Happiness rides the waves.”
“Be a good human.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“The best philosophy is to live in the present moment while planning for the future and learning from the past.”
“Achievements can bring you satisfaction but not happiness.”
“Throughout history--even a hundred years ago, even fifty--it was discontent that was considered the threat to society, the defiance of natural law, the danger that had to be exterminated at all costs. Now it's contentment,”
“Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.”
“Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!”
“Improving employee happiness raises sales by 37%, productivity by 31% and accuracy of task completion by 19%.”
“The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery, even when they have to take a detour.”
“If you can channel the best part of you that is bigger than yourself, where it’s not about your ego and not about getting ahead, then you can have fun and you aren’t jealous of others. You see other people's talent as another branch of your own. You can keep it rooted in joy. Life is long and there are plenty of opportunities to make mistakes. The point of it all is to learn.”
“A reservoir of strength exists deep within me, waiting to be tapped when life's challenges arise.”
“Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.”
“Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
“There were happy days, with watermelon, and sad days of whiskey.”
“It's hard to say. Sometimes people have had terrible childhoods. And sometimes they just haven't found their special place in life. And sometimes they're dogs from hell and must be destroyed.”
“Once he said to her: 'You are like me; you are different from other people. You are Kamala and no one else, and within you there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat any time and be yourself, just as I can. Few people have that capacity and yet everyone could have it.”
“A lifetime of lonely regret or happiness with some pain along the way.”
“How aware are we of our own inner life, our spirituality-something so intangible yet so priceless? How much effort do we make to perceive that which is not obvious, which can neither be seen nor heard? I believe the exploration and enrichment of the human spirit is what determines our very humanity. Such enrichment provides an inner compass that can lead civilizations to greatness.”
“No matter how hard you try, or wish, or pray, you cannot change the Life that you have in the moment. So, first, accept what is. And then go to work on changing the parts about your Life that you don’t like. When you resist what is, you suffer. Being non-suffering is a choice. This is intelligent living. This holds the key to Happiness.”
“Even in Siberia there is happiness.”
“Action and personal happiness have no truck with each other; they are eternally at war.”
“Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy. So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
“True bliss is never experienced through the senses (Pancha jnanendriya) but exists beyond the senses.”
“A good laugh is sunshine in the house.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
“There's more to life than just the thrill, For every joy, there's a sorrow still, And every dream, a fear to face, And every victory, a new race.”
“A woman laughing is a woman conquered.”
“Why Not You? Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you? Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you? Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you? Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you? Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you? Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you? Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you? Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you? Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you? Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you? Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you? Today is a new day! Many will seize this day. Many will live it to the fullest. Why not you?”
“Totally present in this moment for you.”
“We forget that the sweetest joys are found in the simplest acts: hugs, laughter, quiet observation, basic movements, holding hands, pleasant music, shared stories, a listening ear, an unhurried visit, and selfless service. It is sad we forget a truth so elementary.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Sometimes when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living on someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up and our hearts break into two.”
“A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.”
“If she come, I be happy. If she don't, I be content. And then I figure this the lesson I was suppose tolearn.”
“one of the best and the most painful things about time traveling has been the opportunity to see my mother alive.”
“I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.”
“Even the smallest shift in perspective can bring about the greatest healing.”
“The face of a truly happy man seldom lacks smiles.”
“Is anyone anywhere happy?”
“The pleasure of criticizing takes away from us the pleasure of being moved by some very fine things.”
“The thought of all that happiness was hard to bear. What's the point of happiness when all it does is throw the facts of dying into clear relief?”
“We talked for hours. He talked and I listened. It was like wind and sunlight. It blew all the cobwebs away.”
“Life is a useless passion, an exciting journey of a mammal in survival mode. Each day is a miracle, a blessing unexplored and the more you immerse yourself in light, the less you will feel the darkness. There is more to life than nothingness. And cynicism. And nihilism. And selfishness. And glorious isolation. Be selfish with yourself, but live your life through your immortal acts, acts that engrain your legacy onto humanity. Transcend your fears and follow yourself into the void instead of letting yourself get eaten up by entropy and decay. Freedom is being yourself without permission. Be soft and leave a lasting impression on everybody you meet”
“Sand lines my soul which is filled with the breath of the ocean.”
“I could steal words from my idol, Echo lyrics of a vinyl, But I have this feeling since we first met, That the right words haven’t been written yet.”
“Be like the flower, content with its nature.”
“It is more important to be free than to be happy.”
“In an established love of reading there is a policy of insurance guaranteeing certain happiness till death.”
“We should learn to smile as we fall, So much so as when we have it all.”
“Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.”
“There are few nicer things than sitting up in bed, drinking strong tea, and reading.”
“Nobody can take your happiness away from you. Once you learn how to create it.”
“I get this feeling,' I said, pacing a step, the ancient wood floorboards creaking beneath my boots, my power a writhing, living thing prowling through my veins, 'that it's all some sort of joke. Some sort of cosmic trick, and that no one- no one- can be this happy and not pay for it.' 'You've already paid for it, Rhys. Both of you. And then some.' I waved a hand. 'I just ' I trailed off, unable to finish the words. Cassian stared at me for a long moment. Then he crossed the distance between us, gathering me in an embrace so tight I could barely breathe. 'You made it. We made it. You both endured enough that no one would blame you if you danced off into the sunset like Miryam and Drakon and never bothered with anything else again. But you are bothering- you're both still working to make this peace last. Peace, Rhys. We have peace, and the true kind. Enjoy it- enjoy each other. You paid the debt before it was ever a debt.' My throat tightened, and I gripped him hard around his wings, the scales of his leathers digging into my fingers. 'What about you?' I asked, pulling away after a moment. 'Are you  happy?' Shadows darkened his hazel eyes. 'I'm getting there.' A halfhearted answer. I'd have to work on that, too. Perhaps there were threads to be pulled, woven together. Cassian jerked his chin toward the door. 'Get going, you bastard. I'll see you in three days.' I nodded, opening the door at last. But paused on the threshold. 'Thanks, brother.' Cassian's crooked grin was bright, even if those shadows still guttered in his eyes. 'It's an honour, my lord.”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“And I can't be running back and fourth forever between grief and high delight.”
“If you want good luck; you must go out there and search for that luck!! Because luck is waiting for you to look for it.”
“The discovery of a new dish does more for the happiness of the human race than the discovery of a star.”
“She tried to act as though it were nothing to go to the library alone. But her happiness betrayed her. Her smile could not be restrained, and it spread from her tightly pressed mouth, to her round cheeks, almost to the hair ribbons tied in perky bows over her ears.”
“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
“Sofia couldn’t afford to live on faith any longer. It ended up hurting too much.  ”
“Life gave me a reason to live. You gave me reason to love.”
“The object of this Essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to someone else. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.”
“I guess every friendship has its ups and downs.”
“Silence is the most effective tool for accomplishing goals.”
“Life is like the wind; it can be gentle or fierce, but it always changes and propels us forward.”
“Regrettably, we believe we own the earth, the trees, the mountains, flowing rivers, and many other things, but we are all owned by nature.”
“Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.”
“Before there is science, there are stories to explain the world. They make it happier somehow.”
“Happiness is heaven in human heart.”
“It was the answer to a question, soft and subtle, but it was there—the kind of feeling, this hope, that had just been hiding, waiting for some specter to take my hand and dance me across the floorboards. It felt, for a moment in time, like happiness.”
“To fill the hour,—that is happiness; to fill the hour, and leave no crevice for a repentance or an approval.”
“Then the world will be for the common people, and the sounds of happiness will reach the deepest springs. Ah! Come! People of every land, how can you not be roused.”
“If we ask the right question, we can change the world.”
“Create all the happiness you are able to create; remove all the misery you are able to remove. Every day will allow you, --will invite you to add something to the pleasure of others, --or to diminish something of their pains.”
“Many of us seem to live our lives looking for happiness. That is not always a bad thing, but it can be if we continually believe that happiness is someplace else and not in the present.”
“I have dedicated my life to fight against the heinous rottenness of modern capitalism because it robs the laborer of this world's goods. But blow for blow I shall strike against Communism, because it robs us of the next world's happiness.”
“A string of excited, fugitive, miscellaneous pleasures is not happiness; happiness resides in imaginative reflection and judgment, when the picture of one’s life, or of human life, as it truly has been or is, satisfies the will, and is gladly accepted.”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“On top of the world, we realise our dreams are not confined to the ground below but can soar to great heights when we dare to chase them.”
“Your words, thoughts, intentions and actions today are your best hope, comfort, building blocks and insurance for tomorrow. But it is now alone that is guaranteed – tomorrow is a dream, a maybe a potential gift. It’s now - not tomorrow - where happiness and fulfilment live awaiting your discovery. It’s all this that will make each extra day that may arrive extra special and rich.”
“Nature's secrets are simplicity and patience.”
“I believe that if one man were to live out his life fully and completely, were to give form to every feeling, expression to every thought, reality to every dream - I believe that the world would gain such a fresh impulse of joy that we would forget all the maladies of medievalism, and return to the Hellenic ideal - to something finer, richer, than the Hellenic ideal, it may be. But the bravest man amongst us is afraid of himself. The mutilation of the savage has its tragic survival in the self-denial that mars our lives. We are punished for our refusals.”
“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
“The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.”
“Remember, someone, somewhere in some corner of this somewhat big world, is out there crying if you’re unhappy and is happy if you are! And you know who that someone is!”
“…she had nothing to do but to forgive herself and be happier than ever…”
“She had received ideas which disposed her to be courteous and kind to all, and to pity every one, as being less happy than herself.”
“People with a grudge against the world are always dangerous. They seem to think life owes them something. I've known many an invalid who has suffered worse and been cut off from life much more . . . and they've managed to lead happy contented lives. It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
“It is not the rich man you should properly call happy, but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods, to endure hard poverty, and who fears dishonor worse than death, and is not afraid to die for cherished friends or fatherland.”
“We can't be so desperate for love that we forget where we can always find it; within.”
“Whether our action is wholesome or unwholesome depends on whether that action or deed arises from a disciplined or undisciplined state of mind. It is felt that a disciplined mind leads to happiness and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering, and in fact it is said that bringing about discipline within one's mind is the essence of the Buddha's teaching. ”
“She was wearing her fuzzy pink hat and she was happy, which was so obnoxious. She'd become one of those people who waltzed through life without so much as a split end, and I was still one of those people who changed diapers for free but still got treated like a rented mule.”
“We've all read a thousand articles that say marriage makes you healthier and happier. Umm, no. Many of these studies merely survey married people and single people, compare the happiness levels, find that the married people are doing better, and crow "See? Marriage makes you healthy and happy." But that's committing an error called "survivorship bias." If you want to determine if getting married makes you happier, you need to include separated, divorced, and widowed people in with the currently married, not with the unmarried  A 2010 study from Australia even said previous research probably underestimated just how happy people in happy marriages are. But the flip side is even more damning than you may have guessed. A study of medical records of five thousand patients analyzed the most stressful life events people deal with. Divorce came in #2 (Death of a spouse was number one.) Divorce even beat going to prison.”
“It's easy to be heavy; hard to be light.”
“In the castle of utmost happiness, there always remains a window open for sadness to pop inside.”
“Follow your bliss. Do only what you love doing and do it diligently. All else always follows. This is intelligent living. It holds the key to contentment and Happiness.”
“I think one of the keys to happiness is accepting that I am never going to be perfectly happy. Life is uncomfortable. So I might as well get busy loving the people around me  I'm going to quit chasing happiness long enough to notice it smiling right at me.”
“Sometimes I think of you and I feel giddy. Memory makes me lightheaded, drunk on champagne. All the things we did. And if anyone has said this was the price I would have agreed to pay it. That surprises me; that with the hurt and the mess comes a shift of recognition. It was worth it. Love is worth it.”
“In my judgment, the woman is the equal of the man. She has all the rights I have and one more, and that is the right to be protected. That is my doctrine. You are married; try and make the woman you love happy. Whoever marries simply for himself will make a mistake; but whoever loves a woman so well that he says 'I will make her happy,' makes no mistake. And so with the woman who says, 'I will make him happy.' There is only one way to be happy, and that is to make somebody else so.”
“Yes, faith; it is my cousin's duty to make curtsy and say 'Father, as it please you.' But yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another curtsy and say 'Father, as it please me.”
“I should have seen his weaknesses and only given him a section of myself but I loved him to my core, no matter who he was. There were no hidden places in my heart that would not welcome him or any sacred ground inside my being that he could not walk upon.”
“Worry is the biggest enemy of your peace and happiness.”
“If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.”
“A psychiatrist once told me early in treatment, “Stop trying to make me like you,” and what a sobering and welcome smack in the face that statement was. Yet somehow, every day of my life is still a campaign for popularity, or better yet, a crowded funeral.”
“The pretty ones are usually unhappy. They expect everyone to be enamored of their beauty. How can a person be content when their happiness lies in someone else's hands, ready to be crushed at any moment? Ordinary-looking people are far superior, because they are forced to actually work hard to achieve their goals, instead of expecting people to fall all over themselves to help them.”
“Suffering teaches joy.”
“An afternoon drive from Los Angeles will take you up into the high mountains, where eagles circle above the forests and the cold blue lakes, or out over the Mojave Desert, with its weird vegetation and immense vistas. Not very far away are Death Valley, and Yosemite, and Sequoia Forest with its giant trees which were growing long before the Parthenon was built; they are the oldest living things in the world. One should visit such places often, and be conscious, in the midst of the city, of their surrounding presence. For this is the real nature of California and the secret of its fascination; this untamed, undomesticated, aloof, prehistoric landscape which relentlessly reminds the traveller of his human condition and the circumstances of his tenure upon the earth. "You are perfectly welcome," it tells him, "during your short visit. Everything is at your disposal. Only, I must warn you, if things go wrong, don't blame me. I accept no responsibility. I am not part of your neurosis. Don't cry to me for safety. There is no home here. There is no security in your mansions or your fortresses, your family vaults or your banks or your double beds. Understand this fact, and you will be free. Accept it, and you will be happy.”
“We advocate the atheistic philosophy because it is the only clear, consistent position which seems possible to us. As atheists, we simply deny the assumptions of theism; we declare that the God idea, in all its features, is unreasonable and unprovable; we add, more vitally, that the God idea is an interference with the interests of human happiness and progress. We oppose religion not merely as a set of theological ideas; but we must also oppose religion as a political, social and moral influence detrimental to the welfare of humanity.”
“Comparison ruins Happiness. Period.”
“In order to have great happiness, you have to have great pain and unhappiness-otherwise how would you know when you're happy?”
“How rarely can happiness be really innocent and not triumphant, not an insult to the deprived. How offensive it can be, the natural instinctive showing off of decent happy people.”
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.”
“All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.”
“One thing I've learned: we don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves.”
“I used to float along in all of this, like a leaf on a coursing stream, but i am heavier now, less easily moved, more resolute and steadfast. I am no longer in pursuit of happiness. As I stand here at my front door, key in hand, I think it is just possible that happiness, at least for now, today, this hour, may be in pursuit of me.”
“The materialistic view of happiness of our age starkly revealed in our understanding of the word "luxury.”
“Happiness is essentially a gift; we are not the forgers of our own felicity.”
“Lord, make me now As happy as the field. With flowers enriched ”
“Suddenly I realized that I wanted everything to be as it was when I was younger. When you're young enough, you don't know that you live in a cheap lousy apartment. A cracked chair is nothing other than a chair. A dandelion growing out of a crack in the sidewalk outside your front door is a garden. You could believe that a song your parent was singing in the evening was the most tragic opera in the world. It never occurs to you when you are very young to need something other than what your parents have to offer you.”
“Happiness is a quality of the soul not a function of one's material circumstances.”
“When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness.”
“Happiness is a big joke; let us laugh at it loud.”
“What you have with you is what you need right now. Life has given you everything – and everyone – that you need. Clearly your wants have not been fulfilled. But Life’s taken care of your every need. It is in wanting what you don’t have that you grieve. It is in wanting your Life to be different from what it is now that you suffer. The choice to be non-suffering and to celebrate what you have is always with you. Exercise that choice and you will always be happy.”
“Bright is the one who is comfortable in the darkness.”
“When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.”
“A thing of beauty is a joy forever.”
“I have learned that happiness is like the sun. It must be enjoyed when it comes and while it shines.”
“If you love a person, you should show it in adundance, not reserve it for special occasions like fine china.”
“One recipe for happiness is to have to sense of entitlement.' To this she added a star and noted at the bottom of the page: 'This is not a lesson I have ever been in a position to learn.”
“She had been proud of his decision to serve his country, her heart bursting with love and admiration the first time she saw him outfitted in his dress blues. ”
“She needed to recover. His father had died in January; it was only the end of May. They needed to stick to the routine they'd established during the intervening months. in that way, their life would return to its original shape, like a spring stretched in bad times but contracting eventually into happiness. That the world could come permanently unsprung had never occurred to him.”
“That’s how stories happen — with a turning point, an unexpected twist. There’s only one kind of happiness, but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes. It’s like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
“The years lay spread out before her, spacious untouched canvases on which she was presently going to paint the picture of her life. It was to be a very beautiful picture, she said to herself with an extraordinary feeling of proud confidence; not beautiful because of any gifts or skill of hers, for never was a woman more giftless, but because of all the untiring little touches, the ceaseless care for detail, the patient painting out of mistakes; and every touch and every detail was going to be aglow with the bright colours of happiness.”
“For me, publishing books in hardback format is a protest against The World Economic Forum's decree that we will own nothing and be happy about it. In an economy that's subscription based, where we stream or rent everything as a service, this is my tiny, tangible fuck you.”
“You don't have to be part of a couple to be happy, you know.”
“When I look to *other* people to fill me up, as if I'm some kind of empty vessel, I make myself helpless. Sitting there and waiting for other people to gift me with happiness; such a waste of time.”
“We are all a great deal luckier that we realize, we usually get what we want - or near enough.”
“Your love is what makes my heart go into overdrive.”
“That sense of happiness just out beyond my reach - I'm not sure I'd grasped that exactly, but I'd got something close to it, contentment maybe, or at least a functioning routine with regular rewards.”
“You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.”
“It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others. He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt. But on an occasion such as this it was different, for the spirit of convention was being rigorously adhered to, and in between his ribs Mr. Flay experienced twinges of pleasure.”
“I think knowing you has shown me how to have some purpose. watching you put meaning into all kinds of things, into a baby robin, it's taught me something. About how when you care, happiness tends to follow.”
“We're all golden sunflowers inside.”
“We build a beautiful relationship with love, trust, and respect.”
“When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.”
“One of the hardest things anyone can do is live in the here and now. Not worry about the future, not rehash the past. Be present, that's the secret to changing your future. To finding true happiness.”
“Your happiness is meaningless unless it is linked with the total liberation of people around you! You matter; others also matter! Live life so well!”
“I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”
“I’ve come to think that flourishing consists of putting yourself in situations in which you lose self-consciousness and become fused with other people, experiences, or tasks. It happens sometimes when you are lost in a hard challenge, or when an artist or a craftsman becomes one with the brush or the tool. It happens sometimes while you’re playing sports, or listening to music or lost in a story, or to some people when they feel enveloped by God’s love. And it happens most when we connect with other people. I’ve come to think that happiness isn’t really produced by conscious accomplishments. Happiness is a measure of how thickly the unconscious parts of our minds are intertwined with other people and with activities. Happiness is determined by how much information and affection flows through us covertly every day and year.”
“They've got no idea what happiness is, they don't know that without this love there is no happiness or unhappiness for us--there is no life.”
“When one becomes self-aware, all mental delusions fade away like darkness in the sky, banished by the movement of the sun.”
“Later she remembered all the hours of the afternoon as happy -- one of those uneventful times that seem at the moment only a link between past and future pleasure, but turn out to have been the pleasure itself.”
“A sense of peace came over me and I must have been smiling as I fell asleep.”
“JOY goes against the foundations of mathematics: it multiplies when we divide.”
“But 'tis a sad thing that all one's happiness is only that the world does not know you are miserable.”
“The crowning fortune of a man is to be born to some pursuit which finds him employment and happiness, whether it be to make baskets, or broadswords, or canals, or statues, or songs.”
“Connection is life; disconnection, death.”
“In spring, hundred of flowers; In autumn, a harvest moon In summer, a refreshing breeze; In winter, snow will you accompany you. If useless things do not hang in your mind, Any season is good season for you.”
“People like to say love is unconditional, but it's not, and even if it was unconditional, it's still never free. There's always an expectation attached. They always want something in return. Like they want you to be happy or whatever and that makes you automatically responsible for their happiness because they won't be happy unless you are   I just don't want that responsibility.”
“Greed is the source of all suffering and pain.”
“When we strike a balance between the challenge of an activity and our skill at performing it, when the rhythm of the work itself feels in sync with our pulse, when we know that what we're doing matters, we can get totally absorbed in our task. That is happiness. The life coach Martha Beck asks new potential clients, "Is there anything you do regularly that makes you forget what time it is?" That forgetting -- that pure absorption -- is what the psychologist Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi calls "flow" or optimal experience. In an interview with Wired magazine, he described flow as "being completely involved in an activity for its own sake. The ego falls away. Time flies. Every action, movement and thought follows inevitably from the previous one, like playing jazz. Your whole being is involved, and you're using your skills to the utmost." In a typical day that teeters between anxiety and boredom, flow experiences are those flashes of intense living -- bright against the dull. These optimal experiences can happen when we're engaged in work paid and unpaid, in sports, in music, in art. The researchers Maria Allison and Margaret Duncan have studied the role of flow in women's lives and looked at factors that contributed to what they call "antiflow." Antiflow was associated with repetitive household tasks, repetitive tasks at work, unchallenging tasks, and work we see as meaningless. But there's an element of chaos when it comes to flow. Even if we're doing meaningful and challenging work, that sense of total absoprtion can elude us. We might get completely and beautifully lost in something today, and, try as we might to re-create the same conditions tomorrow, our task might jsut feel like, well, work. In A Life of One's Own, Marion Milner described her effort to re-create teh conditions of her own recorded moments of happiness, saying, "Often when I felt certain that I had discovered the little mental act which produced the change I walked on air, exulting that I had found the key to my garden of delight and could slip through the door whenever I wished. But most often when I came again the place seemed different, the door overgrown with thorns and my key stuck in the lock. It was as if the first time I had said 'abracadabra' the door had opened, but the next time I must use a different word. (123-124).”
“Why do I want to run from happiness?”
“I want him to be happy. And I want you to be happy, too. Even if you can only find that happiness without me.”
“I would do my damn best to be more happy than not.”
“Happiness is…forgiving the mistake of others and apologizing for yours.”
“Give me a library and a good book and we will be friends for life.”
“When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.”
“I think it doesn’t matter if you or I or anybody else thinks homosexuality is a sin. It doesn’t matter if you or I think anything is a sin. It doesn’t matter if homosexuality is a sin or not. In fact, it doesn’t matter if anything anybody else does is a sin or not. Because sin is a very personal thing! It always has been and it always will be! And it has nothing to do with love.”
“Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.”
“Soul mates. They really call themselves that, which makes sense, because I guess they are   They have no harsh edges with each other, no spiny conflicts, they ride though life like conjoined jellyfish - expanding and contracting instinctively, filling each other's spaces liquidly. Making it look easy.”
“Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.”
“Remember the botched brothel-visit in L’Education sentimentale and remember its lesson. Do not participate: happiness lies in the imagination, not the act. Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory.”
“I do want more. I am not content with being happy. I was not made for it. It is not my destiny. My destiny is the opposite.”
“If you train your eyes to see the good in others, you will inspire them to see the good in themselves.”
“Most of what we think will make us happy never really gives us lasting Happiness. Material things, rewards, fame, recognition, money and having a circle of ‘yes’ folks (those who are hanging around you only because they believe they can benefit from you)…these can all make you happy, but only momentarily. They only give you fleeting moments of Happiness. Too much of these, in fact, can leave you feeling drained or suffocated or incomplete. That’s when you start searching for true Happiness. And true Happiness lies only in celebrating what is, in the now. You find it by dropping all your craving, the wants, the desires. It lies in living each moment fully, in gratitude for what you have, with people who complete you, who make you come alive!”
“How simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. . . . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple, frugal heart.”
“When it comes to happiness and joy, there is always a seat with your name on it.”
“When I walk into the wild, I leave behind the world’s noise and chaos and enter a realm of simplicity and marvel.”
“Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections.”
“Happiness consists not of having, but of being; not of possessing, but of enjoying. It is a warm glow of the heart at peace with itself. A martyr at the stake may have happiness that a king on his throne might envy. Man is the creator of his own happiness. It is the aroma of life, lived in harmony with high ideals. For what a man has he may be dependent upon others; what he is rests with him alone.”
“Happiness is what you choose, what you follow, not what follows you. These are the things I have seen, these are the things I now know, these are the things I will carry with me as I go.”
“  but happiness is to joy as an electric light bulb is to the sun. Happiness always has an object, you're happy because of something, it's a condition whose existence depends on external things. Joy, on the other hand, has no object. It seizes you for no apparent reason, it's like the sun, its burning is fueled by its own heart.”
“Independence is the recognition of the fact that yours is the responsibility of judgment and nothing can help you escape it—that no substitute can do your thinking—that the vilest form of self-abasement and self-destruction is the subordination of your mind to the mind of another, the acceptance of an authority over your brain, the acceptance of his assertions as facts, his say-so as truth, his edicts as middle-man between your consciousness and your existence.”
“Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?”
“Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.”
“too much happiness always overflowed into tears of sorrow.”
“Life isn't about counting what you've earned or what you've done for others. I think life is in those in-between moments when you do something, and you feel really, truly happy just by doing it.”
“Adults hid their pain, their fears, their failure, but adolescents hid their happiness, as if to reveal it would risk its loss.”
“Children are happy because they don't have a file in their minds called "All the Things That Could Go Wrong.”
“Often, moreover, it is that aspect of our being that society finds eccentric, ridiculous, or disagreeable, that holds our sweet waters, our secret well of happiness, the key to our equanimity in malevolent climes.”
“The best revenge is no revenge. Be kind. Be happy.”
“Happiness comes from righteous living and the development of a noble character. You can observe this by noticing that people who are truly happy are honest, unselfish, kind, responsible and have a high moral standards. On the other hand, unhappy people are invariably selfish, lazy, irresponsible and lacking of self discipline. And people who are miserable tend to be immoral, dishonest, greedy, cruel, or in other ways dark in character. ”
“We are all just floating in space, okay? Think about it, we're just ghosts in skeletons, inside skin bags, floating on a rock in space. If there is anything that would make you feel happy to do, please do it.”
“We all need something that takes us out of day to day and reminds us that it's all ok." Ian Tucker www.yoursimplepath.co.uk ”
“This was a world in which only the ignorant could be happy.”
“I may never be happy, but tonight I am content.”
“Perhaps some people really are born unhappy. I surely hope not. Speaking for my sister and myself: We were born with the capacity and determination to be utterly happy all the time. Perhaps even in this we were freaks. Hi ho.”
“There is a moral imperative to seeing mental health through the same lens we use for other pathologies or illnesses. Being sad or overwhelmed is normal, much as being short of breath after a run is normal. Both become abnormal when they happen with no apparent cause and are hard to stop. Those situations need medical attention.”
“Happiness was never important. The problem is that we don't know what we really want. What makes us happy is not to get what we want. But to dream about it. Happiness is for opportunists. So I think that the only life of deep satisfaction is a life of eternal struggle, especially struggle with oneself. If you want to remain happy, just remain stupid. Authentic masters are never happy; happiness is a category of slaves.”
“Sadness is never bad," said Amparo. "Sadness is the mirror of being happy”
“Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”
“Unhappiness is caused when we cannot let go of our memories.”
“Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?”
“dear today, i spend all of you pretending i'm okay when i'm not, pretending i'm happy when i'm not, pretending about everything to everyone.”
“Happiness is an undercurrent of sensitivity and leads a surreptitious life: it is an internal eventuality. We can feel it in stillness and it stands the test of time. Joy is an eruption of cheerful moments and we want to express it: it is an external eventuality. We might shout it out, as it conveys a dynamic of fleeting instants. Joy gives voice to “en-joy-ment”. ("The grass was greener over there")”
“The human heart has a tiresome tendency to label as fate only what crushes it. But happiness likewise, in its way, is without reason, since it is inevitable.”
“She was perfectly sane in streets unknown. She loved conversing with people tagged as strangers. She was social, amiable & all that is her. Yet, with known people she felt unknown, she choked words and fought inside. And indeed she tripped insane while traversing those streets known. She stared at others and consumed their happiness through senses cold. And so she waits for Winter's warmth to touch her in streets of distant shore, in her own world of simple happiness.”
“God favors men and women who delight in being made worthy of happiness before the happiness itself.”
“That is the purpose of this book - to make you happy. Its plan is to have you base that happiness on God's own truth as given us in the Gospels. Any other base would be unworthy of God and too weak for you. For yours is a tumultuous and a tottering world; made so by men, who love the darkness rather than the light. Stability is to be found only in the unmoved Mover of this restless universe and in His Christ who is "the same, yesterday, today, and forever" (Heb. 13:8). Fear stalks your land. Crippling anxieties and neurotic unrests warm round about you. But that is only because the highly publicized gospels of Expediency and Efficiency have had too many followers who have been altogether too faithful, while the only true Gospel, and the only Gospel of Truth, has been too hesitantly trusted and too listlessly tried.”
“It’s that short-lived happiness, which empowers us to bear; long-lasting pain in living.”
“There are some moments you feel like you'll remember forever. Rare, still moments when everything is NOW, as if everything has been stopped and hushed so that you can take it all in. When things are just as they should be, and everyone is one your side, and the whole world makes sense [ ] Suddenly, there's peace, perfection, happiness. In that one, tiny moment of time.”
“I think my quarry is illusion. I war against magic. I believe that, though illusion often cheers and comforts, it ultimately and invariably weakens and constricts the spirit.”
“Oh, God, if I'm anything by a clinical name, I'm a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I think people are plotting to make me happy.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“A Friend Someone You're happy to see, Who's happy to see you. Someone You like for who they are Not just for what they can do for you.”
“It turns out that what money buys has rapidly diminishing emotional returns   As long as we're not destitute, happiness depends less on getting what we want than appreciating what we already have.”
“If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“Indeed there has never been any explanation of the ebb and flow in our veins--of happiness and unhappiness.”
“People do everything to make themselves happy except let themselves be happy.”
“Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.”
“I've been quite happy. Look, here are my proofs. Remember that I am indifferent to discomforts which would harass other folk. What do the circumstances of life matter if your dreams make you lord paramount of time and space?”
“Happiness is good management of expectations and good management means making order and assembling the contingent elements of the "do's'" and the "don'ts", the "maybe yes'" and the "maybe not's". When we really want to live in agreement with ourselves and find peace with the surrounding world, good management is liberating. ( " Expectations " )”
“When we are happy, we don’t know that we are happy, because happiness requires childlike innocence. When a child is happy, he doesn’t know that he is happy. He doesn’t formulate it, he simply enjoys it.”
“Learn to cherish the chase as much as you treasure the trophy.”
“Edith Wharton in the 1800s? “There is one friend in the life of each of us who seems not as a separate person, however dear and beloved, but an expansion, an interpretation, of one’s self.” … In psychology it’s called “self-expansion theory” —that we expand our notion of our self to include those we’re close to. … When women heard the names of their close friends, their gray matter responded the same way it did when they heard their own name.”
“You don’t have to be happy to smile.”
“The key to happiness - or that even more desired thing, calmness - lies not in always thinking happy thoughts. No. That is impossible. No mind on earth with any kind of intelligence could spend a lifetime enjoying only happy thoughts. They key is in accepting your thoughts, all of them, even the bad ones. Accept thoughts, but don't become them. Understand, for instance, that having a sad thought, even having a continual succession of sad thoughts, is not the same as being a sad person.”
“Happiness, like unhappiness, is a proactive choice.”
“Happiness is a gift which is priceless, You can only receive it if you can give it .”
“The purpose of creation is so that the one infinite Creator may know itself by experiencing itself. Extrapolating from this, your purpose is to know your perceived self by experiencing yourself.”
“As you go on with your life, always remember the things that are good in you. They're your gifts. As long as you have these things, you'll find happiness, and you'll make the people around you happy.”
“You can smell Philippe before the door opens, that mix of sea and fruit that makes you think of the Caribbean, but you’ve never been to the Caribbean. You’ve never been outside of Argentina. ”
“So in our own poor hides and from our miserable comrades we learn the nature of satiety. Satiety depends not at all on how much we eat, but on how we eat. It's the same with happiness, the very same happiness doesn't depend on how many external blessings we have snatched from life. It depends only on our attitude toward them. There's a saying about it in the Taoist ethic: 'Whoever is capable of contentment will always be satisfied.”
“Writing does not make me rich, but I am enriched every day I write.”
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“And so it turned out that only a life similar to the life of those around us, merging with it without a ripple, is genuine life, and that an unshared happiness is not happiness.”
“A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.”
“Some people are like a thermometer. If their environment is negative, they are negative. If bad things happen, they are sad. If good things happen, they are happy. They are simply a product of their environment. Successful people, on the other hand, are more like a thermostat. Even if their environment is negative, they choose to be positive.”
“Be happy without picking flaws.”
“Merry hearts are vulnerable to death, don't be over-joyed to the state of oblivion, lest the enemy poison your meal.”
“Let me implore the reader to try to believe, if only for a moment, that God, who made these deserving people, may really be right when He thinks that their modest prosperity and the happiness of their children are not enough to make them blessed: that all this must fall from them in the end, and if they have not learned to know Him they will be wretched. And therefore He troubles them, warning them in advance of an insufficiency that one day they will have to discover. The life to themselves and their families stands between them and the recognition of their need; He makes that life less sweet to them. If God were proud He would hardly have us on such terms: but He is not proud, He stoops to conquer, He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to Him, and come to Him because there is 'nothing better' now to be had.”
“I'm a happy person. If you want to be around me, you can either choose to be happy too, or follow the signs to the nearest exit!”
“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
“Relationships, like dew on leaves, are delicate and fleeting. We must handle them with caution or else they will vanish.”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“That we were all so happy. It seems unimaginable. All that happiness, wrecked.”
“To see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. If there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. To make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes.”
“Happiness is a decision and so as Love. If you decide to be happy then you're happy. If you decide to love then you love.”
“To become more aware of this behavioral tendency, we need to observe and acknowledge how sustainable performance is rewarded; find out what are the consistency of practices and how real is the dimension of organizational values against its daily operations?”
“It is too late for me to learn your wisdom in this matter. From the time I knew aught, I have lived with a knight and his lady whose love lit and warmed the dark hall on winter's nights. Madam, my example comes not from any book of romance. My grandparents walked and breathed; they kissed and quarreled. This I must have, and I will seek it with the point of my knife in a bad husband's heart if I can find it no other way.”
“Honest, open communication is the only street that leads us into the real world  We then begin to grow as never before. And once we are on this road, happiness cannot be far away.”
“I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives. I’m not talking about the short-term gratification of pleasures like sex, drugs or gambling (though I’m not knocking them), but something that will bring true and lasting happiness. The kind that sticks.”
“When we fulfill our function, which is to truly love ourselves and share love with others, then true happiness sets in.”
“There is kindness in Love: but Love and kindness are not coterminous, and when kindness (in the sense given above) is separated from the other elements of Love, it involves a certain fundamental indifference to its object, and even something like contempt of it. Kindness consents very readily to the removal of its object — we have all met people whose kindness to animals is constantly leading them to kill animals lest they should suffer. Kindness, merely as such, cares not whether its object becomes good or bad, provided only that it escapes suffering. As Scripture points out, it is bastards who are spoiled: the legitimate sons, who are to carry on the family tradition, are punished.^ It is for people whom we care nothing about that we demand happiness on any terms : with our friends? our lovers, our children, we are exacting and would rather see them suffer much than be happy in contemptible and estranging modes. If God is Love, He is, by definition, something more than mere kindness.”
“When you feel sad, don’t push away that feeling. Feel it fully. It is a natural human emotion that you feel when you don’t get what you want or get what you don’t want. Let the sadness hold you in its grip. Experience your sadness wholesomely. Cry, if you feel like crying. Over time, you will realize that your sadness is not helping you. That’s when you must let it go. And open yourself up to newer experiences and emotions. Only when you understand the futility of being sad for long spells of time, will you let your sadness go. And only when you let it go, only when you uncling from your sadness, will you be truly happy!”
“Nature teaches us to be compassionate, kind, and non-discriminatory.”
“The ultimate responsibility for your happiness lies with you. Make sure you do not outsource it to anyone else.”
“As I focus on diligent joy, I also keep remembering a simple idea my friend Darcey told me once -- that all the sorrow and trouble of this world is caused by unhappy people. Not only in the big global Hitler-'n'-Stalin picture, but also on the smallest personal level. Even in my own life, I can see exactly where my episodes of unhappiness have brought suffering or distress or (at the very least) inconvenience to those around me. The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.”
“There are lots of ways of being miserable, but there’s only one way of being comfortable, and that is to stop running round after happiness. If you make up your mind not to be happy there’s no reason why you shouldn’t have a fairly good time.”
“Do you not realize that your kids are going to make mistakes, and a lot of them? Do you not realize the damage you do when you push your son’s nose into his mishaps or make your daughter feel worthless because she bumped or spilled something? Do you have any idea how easy it is to make your child feel abject? It’s as simple as letting out the words, “why would you do that!?” or “how many times have I told you…”
“Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.”
“I was especially perceptive to all things beautiful that morning—raspberries in blue china bowls were enough to make the heart sing.”
“Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.”
“I care if you are happy. I'm in love with your happiness. My focus is on how you feel not what you do.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
“Much of what we called "depression" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for.”
“Let them be your friend because their love is liberating. Because they love your happiness as much as their own. Because their love is strong, but so light to hold. Love liberates.”
“People who can change and change again are so much more reliable and happier than those who can’t”
“When I became convinced that the Universe is natural – that all the ghosts and gods are myths, there entered into my brain, into my soul, into every drop of my blood, the sense, the feeling, the joy of freedom. The walls of my prison crumbled and fell, the dungeon was flooded with light and all the bolts, and bars, and manacles became dust. I was no longer a servant, a serf or a slave. There was for me no master in all the wide world -- not even in infinite space. I was free -- free to think, to express my thoughts -- free to live to my own ideal -- free to live for myself and those I loved -- free to use all my faculties, all my senses -- free to spread imagination's wings -- free to investigate, to guess and dream and hope -- free to judge and determine for myself -- free to reject all ignorant and cruel creeds, all the "inspired" books that savages have produced, and all the barbarous legends of the past -- free from popes and priests -- free from all the "called" and "set apart" -- free from sanctified mistakes and holy lies -- free from the fear of eternal pain -- free from the winged monsters of the night -- free from devils, ghosts and gods. For the first time I was free. There were no prohibited places in all the realms of thought -- no air, no space, where fancy could not spread her painted wings -- no chains for my limbs -- no lashes for my back -- no fires for my flesh -- no master's frown or threat – no following another's steps -- no need to bow, or cringe, or crawl, or utter lying words. I was free. I stood erect and fearlessly, joyously, faced all worlds. And then my heart was filled with gratitude, with thankfulness, and went out in love to all the heroes, the thinkers who gave their lives for the liberty of hand and brain -- for the freedom of labor and thought -- to those who fell on the fierce fields of war, to those who died in dungeons bound with chains -- to those who proudly mounted scaffold's stairs -- to those whose bones were crushed, whose flesh was scarred and torn -- to those by fire consumed -- to all the wise, the good, the brave of every land, whose thoughts and deeds have given freedom to the sons of men. And then I vowed to grasp the torch that they had held, and hold it high, that light might conquer darkness still.”
“When you win and the other fellow loses, what do you see? A losing face. There is great joy in losing and making the other person win and have a happy face. Who will be the happiest person? The one who brings happiness to others.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“I feel as though I should say something profound, or enact some rite, or trade something to make it official. I want to transfer some trinket which would allow me to say that she's my girl, some kind of currency that proves to people that she likes me back. Something that would permit me to think about her all the time without feeling guilty or helpless or hopelessly far away. I guess I'm just so excited, I want to cage this thing like a tiny red bird so if can't fly away, so it stays the same, so it's still there the next time. For keeps, like a coin in your pocket. Like a peach pit from Mad Jack Lionel's tree. Like scribbled words in a locked suitcase. A bright balloon to tie to your bedpost. And you want to hug it close, hold it, but not so tight it bursts.”
“One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.”
“I’m not scared of failing. I simply do not know how to fly.”
“I wanted to hold happiness in reserve, like a bottle of champagne. I postponed it because I was afraid, because I overvalued it, and then I didn't want to use it up, because what do you wish for then?”
“If you can't see a benefit of the challenges in the present, know that you're giving a present to your future." —Bright Side Up: 100 Ways to Be Happier Right Now”
“If everything really does get better, the way everyone claims, then happiness should be graphable. But that's crap, because better isn't quantifiable.”
“The negation of severe suffering was the nearest approach to happiness I expected to know. Besides, I seemed to hold two lives - the life of thought, and that of reality.”
“Meditation makes us happier!”
“We can't all be painting church ceilings. If you love what you do, you're sorted. Money is just a number. Happiness is uncountable.”
“Ô, Sunlight! The most precious gold to be found on Earth.”
“#1487: Hug a cow.”
“Does it count as staying if leaving is always on the mind? How much lying does a marriage need to survive?”
“No one can obtain felicity by pursuit. This explains why one of the elements of being happy is the feeling that a debt of gratitude is owed, a debt impossible to pay. Now, we do not owe gratitude to ourselves. To be conscious of gratitude is to acknowledge a gift.”
“he is both the source of my happiness and the one i want to share it with. i have to believe that’s a sign.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“Any dream can come true if we have the courage to pursue it with zeal and persistence.”
“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
“Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within”
“My art is that of the 35mm kind; my poetry is of the lead and ink kind; my happiness is of the product of both; and my legacy is of the story of my soul, that my life left behind”
“Reading messed with my brain in an unaccountable way. It made me happy; or something.”
“I've always thought people would find a lot more pleasure in their routines if they burst into song at significant moments.”
“Happy the hare at morning, for she cannot read The hunter's waking thoughts.”
“Life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself. Happiness comes from within. You have the power to change your own mindset so that all the negative, horrible thoughts that try to invade your psyche are replaced with happy, positive, wonderful thoughts.”
“I willingly allow that money does not guarantee happiness; but it must also be allowed that it makes happiness a great deal easier to achieve.”
“Hope can be dangerous because it means exposing yourself to the possibility of success, to allow yourself to imagine a happy ending, only to be confronted by cold, brutal disappointment.”
“Woman is not made to be the admiration of all, but the happiness of one.”
“You know, happiness isn't a permanent state. Neither is unhappiness. There's a flow, back and forth”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“If you behave in a manner that poisons your relationship, don’t be surprised when it dies.”
“Being happy is harder than being discontent. For happiness we have to roll up our sleeves and knock down houses of cards. Because of this exertion, many prefer to abide by ‘fake’ happiness.( " Happiness blowing in the wind. " )”
“we had the goldfish and they went around and around in the bowl on the table near the purple drapes across our front picture window and my mother, poor fish, always smiling, wanting to appear happy, she always told me, "be happy, Henry," and she was right: it's better to be happy if you can be but my father beat her two or three times a week while raging through his 6 foot two frame because he couldn't defeat what was attacking him. my mother, poor fish, poor goldfish, poor nothing fish, wanting to be happy, being beaten two or three times a week and telling me to be happy: "Henry, smile! why don't you smile? and then, she always did to show me how, and it was the saddest smile I ever saw upon the earth, like hell and hell and hell and hell, and nothing else one day all the goldfish died, all five of them, they floated on top of the water, on their sides, the eye on each top side still open, and when my father got home he threw them to the cat there on the kitchen floor and we watched as my mother smiled”
“Sex parties, alcohol and drugs lost their appeal to Sven after a while. Music never did, in his continual search for that sober connection--intimacy with one person over a long period of time, as opposed to periods of intimacy with a bunch of random faces.”
“On the top of Cadair Idris, I felt how happy a man might be with a little money and a sane intellect, and reflected with astonishment and pity on the madness of the multitude.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“I believe that being happy is the only important thing. Happiness. Simple as a glass of chocolate or torturous as the heart. Bitter. Sweet. Alive.”
“May I nurture the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can change and wisdom to know the difference”
“A clever person solves a problem; a wise person uses Cosmic Ordering!”
“There would be no cloud-nine days without rock-bottom moments left below.”
“Every moment will brighten up if we know how to ignite them.”
“You would not want to be responsible for someone else’s happiness, so please do not hold someone else responsible for yours!”
“There can be many opinions on a thing, but there is only one truth." Vashet smiled lazily. "And if the pursuit of the truth was my goal, that would concern me." She gave a long yawn, stretching like a happy cat. "Instead I will focus on the joy in my heart, [ }”
“I shall take the heart, for brains do not make one happy, and happiness is the best thing in the world.”
“Being truly happy in life involves you feeling more in control of the direction your life is going.”
“We don't need accomplishments to feel good or to be good enough. What do we need? The truth: not much! Some food and water. Work that we can challenge ourselves with. A calm mind in the midst of adversity. Sleep. A solid routine. A cause we are committed to. Something we're getting better at. Everything else is extra. Or worse, as history has shown countless times, the source of our painful downfall.”
“You don’t need to be brilliant, wealthy, attractive, or perfect to make a difference in someone’s life. Just show some concern.”
“Just as a good man makes a good woman happy, a good woman makes a good man great.”
“I’m not afraid of strong winds because I’m learning to fly.”
“Remember your connection with the cosmos. Remember your connection with the infinity and that remembrance will give you the freedom.”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“Happiness and joy are not the same. For what does the fervent craving for joy mean? It does not mean that we wish at any cost to experience the psychic state of being joyful. We want to have reason for joy, for an unceasing joy that fills us utterly, sweeps all before it, exceeds all measure.”
“Do not make a sudden decision in these three situations during anger, happiness and misery.”
“Happiness is not a state of being. Happiness is a vector, it is movement.”
“Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly  lead the way!”
“Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be beautiful without planning!”
“Life can be wonderful if we never live a lie. Living a lie keeps a piece of your heart empty. We can never be totally proud of anything else with that lie resting in our mind. Set yourself free, and be the real deal of a person, even if it means walking away from unhappiness.”
“Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.”
“Facing our true selves is the first step toward living a life of purpose, connection, and genuine joy.”
“A cultivated mind—I do not mean that of a philosopher, but any mind to which the fountains of knowledge have been opened, and which has been taught, in any tolerable degree, to exercise its faculties—finds sources of inexhaustible interest in all that surrounds it: in the objects of nature, the achievements of art, the imaginations of poetry, the incidents of history, the ways of mankind, past and present, and their prospects in the future.”
“Three factors are important to live Life well. Time. Health. Money. Chances are that you may often have two of those factors within your reach. Rarely, on occasion, you will have all three. Yet people often postpone living their lives well waiting for all three factors to fall in place. It makes better sense to go live your Life when you have two out of the three factors within your reach! Particularly, when you have time and health, and perhaps some money. Because when you don't have health/age on your side, you can't do anything even if you have a lot of time and money!”
“When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!”
“If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.”
“[Happiness is] a ghost, it’s a shadow. You can’t really chase it. It’s a by-product, a very pleasant side effect to a life lived well.”
“If you walk in joy, happiness is close behind.”
“Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.”
“One honest John Tompkins, a hedger & ditcher, Although he was poor, did not want to be richer; For all such vain wishes in him were prevented By a fortunate habit of being contented.”
“I have wanted only one thing to make me happy. That thing is everything.”
“I think by the time you're grown you're as happy as you're goin to be. You'll have good times and bad times, but in the end you'll be about as happy as you was before. Or as unhappy. I've knowed people that just never did get the hang of it. ”
“The intention that man should be happy is not in the plan of Creation.”
“The only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not.”
“There are some delightful places in this world which have a sensual charm for the eyes. One loves them with a physical love. We people who are attracted by the countryside cherish fond memories of certain springs, certain woods, certain ponds, certain hills, which have become familiar sights and can touch our hearts like happy events. Sometimes indeed the memory goes back towards a forest glade, or a spot on a river bank or an orchard in blossom, glimpsed only once on a happy day, but preserved in our heart.”
“Pride is a deceptive emotion that causes people to overestimate their abilities.”
“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
“Happiness,  even the smallest happiness, is like a step out of Time, and the greatest happiness is sharing in Eternity.”
“Try not to be self-conscious […] or so critical. Don’t mope around looking for someone else to make you happy, and remember that the vast majority of homosexuals are looking for a superman to love and find it very difficult to love anyone merely human, which we unfortunately happen to be.”
“No child should ever be too sad to play.”
“When the sense of «not belonging» is tolling the bell for true happiness, it infuses people into accepting life as a failure, or a scar in the canvas of a vacant environment. The attachment to the little things, though, and the fleeting moments of every day can confer connection and expectation. ("The grass was greener over there")”
“Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.”
“To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.”
“A truly radical resolution would be to embrace existence just as it is, as the only thing that matters, to proclaim that the world itself is heaven, made for our total enjoyment and fulfillment ”
“Pick a sunset, and we'll ride off into it together.”
“Happiness is like those palaces in fairytales whose gates are guarded by dragons: We must fight in order to conquer it.”
“I don’t think man was meant to attain happiness so easily. Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.”
“May those who follow their fate be granted happiness; may those who defy it be granted glory”
“Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.”
“Once you know how to shift your energy, no one will be able to control your energy!”
“I guess that’s the thing about riding on cloud nine—it can’t last forever. And that particular fall was hard and fast.”
“Earthly contemplation means to the Christian, we have said, this above all: that behind all that we directly encounter the Face of the incarnate Logos becomes visible  Contemplation does not ignore the "historical Gethsemane," does not ignore the mystery of evil, guilt and its bloody atonement. The happiness of contemplation is a true happiness, indeed the supreme happiness; but it is founded upon sorrow.”
“Peace and happiness are powerful weapons against the Egos.”
“Being surrounded by trees serves as a constant reminder that, while growth is a slow process, the outcomes can be breathtaking.”
“The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.”
“Some nonreligious people are disgruntled by the word "faith," feeling that it has no connection to them. But we all have faith. Broadly speaking, "faith" does not apply only to belief in the supernatural. We have faith in our life, for example, believing we will live to see tomorrow, or in our health, believing we have years of healthy life ahead of us. Husbands and wives, parents and children have faith in one another.”
“You're the seer, you’re the scenery, you're the candle and the light, too. You exist without existence: You’re the spirit, the all-encompassing consciousness.”
“The ultimate meaning of the active life is to make possible the happiness of contemplation.”
“When you find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you hang up on him, who will stand in front of you when other’s cast stones, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats, who will hold your hand when your sick, who thinks your pretty without makeup, the one who turns to his friends and say, ‘that’s her’, the one that would bear your rejection because losing you means losing his will to live, who kisses you when you screw up, watches the stars and names one for you and will hold and rock that baby for hours so you can sleep…..you marry him all over again.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“It's about the quality of the worry," I said. "I have happier worries now than I used to.”
“God is peace, bliss, beauty and truth. Focus your energy on that, life will be like that.”
“Here we must take account of one of St. Thomas's conceptual distinctions, which at first seems like unnecessary caviling. It is the distinction between "uncreated" and "created" happiness. We have here something which, while not at all obvious, is nevertheless fraught with consequences for our whole feeling about life. Namely, this: what does indeed make us happy is the infinite and uncreated richness of God; but participation in this, happiness itself, is entirely a "creatural" reality governed from within by our humanity; it is not something that descends overwhelmingly upon us from outside. That is, it is not only something that happens to us; we ourselves are intensely active participants in our own happiness. Beatitude - Thomas is saying - cannot possibly be conceived as a merely objective condition of sheer existence. It is not a mere quality, not pure passivity, not simply a feeling. It is something that takes place in the alert core of the mind  Happiness is an act and an activity of the soul.”
“Every living thing in the universe can understand nature’s language.”
“I've never been afraid of them. Not once. Because I had you.”
“I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!”
“The wings of time may carry us on diverse journeys, but the common roots we share will always guide us back to the same ground.”
“If you're not getting happier as you get older, then you're fuckin' up”
“Analyzing data from 79 men and women who wore inconspicuous devices that recorded some of their conversations over the course of four days, researchers from Washington University and the University of Arizona found a correlation between feelings of well-being and the amount of time spent talking every day. Moreover, the more substantive your conversations, the happier you're likely to be. In other words, heart-to-hearts trump small talk. (LA Times, "A lof of happy talk", March 11, 2010, A21.)”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“Happiness is simply a temporary condition that proceeds unhappiness. Fortunately for us, it works the other way around as well. But it's all a part of the carnival, isn't it?”
“According to the philosopher Andre Comte-Sponville: The wise man has nothing left to expect or to hope for. Because he is entirely happy, he needs nothing. Because he needs nothing, he is entirely happy.”
“Many people will tell that it is not for a man to cry, but they may not know how is to feel your head empty and only tears will come out to stand up for you.”
“The higher our degree of concentration, the greater the quality of our life. Vietnamese girls are often told by their mothers that if they concentrate, they will be more beautiful. This is the kind of beauty that comes from dwelling deeply in the present moment. When a young lady moves inattentively, she does not look as fresh or at ease. Her mother may not use these words, but she is encouraging her daughter to practice Right Concentration”
“Every ending is a new beginning, and every path leads to a different destination.”
“Sometimes you need to feel the sadness, you need to feel everything to finally leave it behind, to have peace. Happiness. Sadness. Like all things, they both come to an end.”
“To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.”
“If you want more joy in your daily life, smile at the people you meet in the street, the woman sitting beside you on the bus or standing next to you in the queue at the airport, the waiter who brings your food, your colleagues or your employer. There’s a great chance they’ll smile back.”
“Today is Your Day to Dance Lightly with Life. It Really Is.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“It's not my job to make you happy. It's your job to learn that only those who quit selfishly seeking their own happiness find it.”
“Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.”
“If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.”
“The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before. That's the deal.”
“Do you think a truly happy person, who lives in harmony and inner peace, can kill or commit any kind of evil? No, it is not possible.”
“Once you had lost everything, she reasoned, there was no reason not to embrace whatever small happinesses you could.”
“In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.”
“Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want ”
“Beauty is not a warrant for wellbeing and so does happiness not hinge on social success, but is only tangible via intricate, meandering discovery journeys in the mind. ("Absence of beauty was like hell")”
“Anyone who does not comprehend your silence is unlikely to comprehend what you say or think.”
“Money is time. With money I buy for cheerful use the hours which otherwise would not in any sense be mine; nay, which would make me their miserable bondsman.”
“We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.”
“The secret to happiness is the journey, not the destination.”
“Unhappy parents teach you a lesson that lasts a lifetime.”
“Happiness is an enduring state of fulfillment, while joy is a temporary feeling of enjoyment.”
“The power of a smile cannot be overstated. It is an expression of joy that everyone understands and goes over all language barriers.”
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
“Whenever you feel bad, remember all the good days you've had and be happy again.”
“When I was a boy, I naively thought that this thing called happiness would be something I would wake up to find every day once I could smoke, drink and fornicate.”
“When we are fairly observant and overly patient, a vibration of happiness might crop up unwittingly, as we capture the “timelessness” of a lucky moment and a sparkle of a stray instant, unexpectedly, enraptures our life in a blaze of color and splendor. ( "Happy days are back again" )”
“They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world and them and that the world was not only their oyster it was also their linguine with clam sauce. Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs. ”
“Happiness comes from helping others, by being with others, and by sharing, even if it's only a smile.”
“This planet is a "Hell" and there is no "Heaven" up there. So, learn to be "Happy in Hell".”
“It has been observed in all ages that the advantages of nature or of fortune have contributed very little to the promotion of happiness; and that those whom the splendour of their rank, or the extent of their capacity, have placed upon the summits of human life, have not often given any just occasion to envy in those who look up to them from a lower station; whether it be that apparent superiority incites great designs, and great designs are naturally liable to fatal miscarriages; or that the general lot of mankind is misery, and the misfortunes of those whose eminence drew upon them an universal attention, have been more carefully recorded, because they were more generally observed, and have in reality only been more conspicuous than others, not more frequent, or more severe.”
“Let others think, say or do as they please. If you obsess over others, or over what they think of or say about you, remember, you may have no time to live your Life. And, of course, you will be terribly, terribly unhappy!”
“We practice this philosophy of life to become stronger, learning to accept and use the suffering that life brings us. By the same token, we must also learn to accept happiness.”
“Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.”
“The more you talk about it, rehash it, rethink it, cross analyze it, debate it, respond to it, get paranoid about it, compete with it, complain about it, immortalize it, cry over it, kick it, defame it, stalk it, gossip about it, pray over it, put it down or dissect its motives it continues to rot in your brain. It is dead. It is over. It is gone. It is done. It is time to bury it because it is smelling up your life and no one wants to be near your rotted corpse of memories and decaying attitude. Be the funeral director of your life and bury that thing!”
“Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.”
“Do you want to be happy or do you want to be right? You know the answer to that one!”
“Nothing in the world can make you happy; everything in the world can encourage you to be happy”
“He tapped my chest. 'Happy is here.' He tapped his own chest. 'Here.' I looked down past my chin. 'Inside?' 'Inside.' It was getting crowded in there. First angel. Now happy. It seemed there was more to me than cabbage and turnips.”
“The idea of happiness is not to have a lot of materialistic things. These are just an illusion in our minds. Real happiness begins when you start realizing the nature of your soul. If you push your mind to go within, you are more likely to entertain yourself, and the people around you.”
“Money is made at Christmas out of holly and mistletoe, but who save the vendors would greatly care if no green branch were procurable? One symbol, indeed, has obscured all others--the minted round of metal. And one may safely say that, of all the ages since a coin first became the symbol of power, ours is that in which it yields to the majority of its possessors the poorest return in heart's contentment.”
“Making money isn't hard in itself,what's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting your life to”
“So he tasted the deep pain that is reserved only for the strong, just as he had tasted for a little while the deep happiness.”
“The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.”
“I laugh as an unfamiliar feeling envelops me. I think it might be happiness.”
“The happiest people don’t bother about whether life is unfair. They just concentrate on what they have.”
“They think I’m simpleminded because I seem to be happy. Why shouldn’t I be happy? I have everything I ever wanted and more. Maybe I am simpleminded. Maybe that’s the key: simple.”
“After that, he never saw Spirit Master Kong Hou and her path companion again. Maybe the two had ascended, or maybe the two were still roaming the world. But no matter where the pair was, Yan Shou thought, as long as the two were together, they were happier than the immortals. People cultivated their minds, their bodies, and their own path. What was the path? Just a path to happiness.”
“[I]t is well to have as many holds upon happiness as possible.”
“Holiness doesn’t demand denial of happiness, only selfishness. Where unhappiness exists in a relationship, I would submit that such isn’t the price of holiness but a sign of sin. It is an indication that one or both partners is holding to the wrong value system, that of self-love. When husbands and wives love each other with agape, they meet the deepest needs God designed to be met in the very manner He intended. The result is a joy that is complete and a relationship where happiness is the fruit of holiness and meaning is the consequence of a loving relationship.”
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”
“Health, wealth, happiness, live long and always prosper, have families and also friends, let them be lasting in me forever.”
“I’ve had the whole world at my disposal, The seven wonders for my rehearsal, But that was not enough, It’s tough to describe you.”
“I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.”
“I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes”
“Companies with a culture of employee recognition, where employees feel that their contributions matter, perform better and have less employee turnover than those that don’t.”
“In a person's lifetime there may be not more than half a dozen occasions that he can look back to in the certain knowledge that right then, at that moment, there was room for nothing but happiness in his heart.”
“At liminality, at a transitional point between his last night dream and reality, he realizes he has made a big mistake and happiness is possible without death. (Coming back to himself.)”
“When your sense of self and happiness comes from within and isn't a roller coaster ride dependent on others or circumstances, you approach life differently. You make better choices. You draw to you the people and situations that matter. The others, they fall away.”
“I don't know what good it is to know so much and be smart as whips and all if it doesn't make you happy.”
“Fairy tales always have a happy ending." He leaned back in his chair. “That depends.” “On what?” “On whether you are Rumplestiltskin or the Queen.”
“Happiness is the pleasantest of emotions; because of this, it is the most dangerous. Having once felt happiness, one will do anything to maintain it, and losing it, one will grieve.”
“Remember that our Heavenly Father knows us perfectly and knows what's best for us . . . . Surely, His knowledge is greater than ours. We just have to have faith in Him. If we don't, well, that doesn't change what happened, it just makes us more miserable because we refuse to trust His will. Our Heavenly Father wants us to have joy. And happiness. But we need to look for those opportunities that give us joy. If we don't, what would be the purpose for existing?”
“Curiosity, in its purest form, also nurtures the essence of creativity. It encourages us to view things from new perspectives, to imagine the unimaginable, and to create what has never been created before.”
“Jean was visited by one of her rare moments of happiness, one of those moments when the goodness of God was so real to her that it was like taste and scent; the rough strong taste of honey in the comb and the scent of water. Her thoughts of God had a homeliness that at times seemed shocking, in spite of their power, which could rescue her from terror or evil with an ease that astonished her.”
“Let us waste no further time looking for the secret of success or the key to happiness. Already the door is open and whosoever will may enter.”
“I came out of the storm, not the same person, but stronger, braver, and more resilient.”
“Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.”
“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
“Depression weighs you down like a rock in a river. You don't stand a chance. You can fight and pray and hope you have the strength to swim, but sometimes, you have to let yourself sink. Because you'll never know true happiness until someone or something pulls you back out of that river--and you'll never believe it until you realize it was you, yourself who saved you.”
“Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.”
“How is it that from beauty I have derived a type of unloveliness?—from the covenant of peace a simile of sorrow? But as, in ethics, evil is a consequence of good, so, in fact, out of joy is sorrow born.”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“Intellect tangles and knots people, but love and compassion dissolve all tangles.”
“Let your happiness be known to the world like a stunning rainbow!”
“Things will work out, or they won't, but one way or another, you'll survive. You're looking down a tunnel right now, and you can't see the end, but all you've got to do is keep driving. And when you get there, you might find you're in a better place than you were before.”
“Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
“But then moments like these remind me that happiness isn't some permanent thing we're all trying to achieve in life, it's merely a thing that shows up every now and then, sometimes in tiny doses that are just substantial enough to keep us going.”
“Maybe the truth is, there's a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn't having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it's about stringing together all the little things.”
“Do you consider yourself a nobody? What weight does that label even have? It’s a silly label. As silly as the label 'somebody'. Silly and non-adhesive. First off, to be thought of as a nobody someone has to be thinking of you in the first place. Second, being a so-called 'nobody' doesn’t make you irrelevant. We are all relevant to somebody else but unfortunately, we can lose sight of our most germane and important relationships when we chase the approval of people we don’t even know.”
“You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.”
“I do wish you could be happy. If I thought you could be happy I could simply cease to exist with a sigh of joy.”
“There is no happiness like work.”
“Write it on your heart you are the most beautiful soul of the Universe. Realize it, honor it and celebrate the life.”
“Peace is a child's beautiful smile and a flower's freshness Peace is an inner perception of joyfulness and happiness.”
“June: National PTSD Awareness Month Suicide is an axe to a tree, a commitment to a delusional freedom, that you have not yet learned to be freed. Living is a passage to an endless potential of tomorrow that your worth is not bounded by the society's narrow values, but you strike with the principles that preserve your worthiness to find your pathway to meet the ultimate goal of happiness.” June 2023 by Tina Leung”
“The good life doesn't knock on the door. Joy is a job.”
“There can be no happiness equal to the joy of finding the soul that understands sensuality. What spoils pleasure is lack of sensuality.”
“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”
“Sooner or later in life everyone discovers that perfect happiness is unrealizable, but there are few who pause to consider the antithesis: that perfect unhappiness is equally unattainable. The obstacles preventing the realization of both these extreme states are of the same nature: they derive from our human condition which is opposed to everything infinite.”
“Vipassana meditation is an ongoing creative purification process. Observation of the moment-to-moment experience cleanses the mental layers, one after another.”
“It sometimes takes a state of solitude to bring to mind the real power of companionship.”
“The truth will set you free (The Bible)”
“Always try to be joyful and proactively benign to the people. By doing so everyday, people have no control at all over my mood.”
“Peter loved to hear the story of how his father tried to steal the sun. ”
“I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.”
“Seeing the person yeu love come home Happiness is so simple to a child”
“And I didn't choose it, Kat. I chose you.”
“The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.”
“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but you thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking.”
“Men always forget that human happiness is a disposition of mind and not a condition of circumstances.”
“There is no happily-ever-after to run to. We have to work for happiness.”
“Good health is enough happiness.”
“Well, I am happy, and I won't fret, but it does seem as if the more one gets the more one wants…”
“Your mind is like a magnet, drawing thoughts and experiences that are consistent with your beliefs and emotions.”
“Acceptance means no complaining, and happiness means no complaining about the things over which you can do nothing.”
“If Jesus you met want you to die for him, that not Jesus Christ. It's another different Jesus.”
“We are born alone, live alone, and die alone. We create the illusion of relationship, love, and friendship during the intermittent. A Maya who makes us feel like we're not alone.”
“Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a huge research staff to study the problem.”
“All who joy would win Must share it -- Happiness was born a twin.”
“Our own front door can be a wonderful thing, or a sight we dread; rarely is it only a door.”
“Your success and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. But to be happy it is essential not to be too concerned with others. Consequently, there is no escape. Happy and judged, or absolved and wretched.”
“And I ask myself what it is about me that makes this wonderful, beautiful woman return. Is it because I'm pathetic, helpless in my current state, completely dependent on her? Or is it my sense of humour, my willingness to tease her, to joke my way into painful, secret places? Do I help her understand herself? Do I make her happy? Do I do something for her that her husband and son can't do? Has she fallen in love with me? As the days pass and I continue to heal, my body knitting itself back together, I begin to allow myself to think that she has.”
“We are all a little schizophrenic. Each of us has three different people living inside us every day—who you were, who you are and who you will become. The road to sanity is to recognize those identities, in order to know who you are today.”
“Happiness. It comes on unexpectedly. And goes beyond, really, any early morning talk about it.”
“Happiness is wanting what you have.”
“You must remember this feeling, Jon. The feeling of being happy. It doesn't happen often but when it does, you must grab it with both hands and hold it close. Let it overwhelm you. Don't over analyse any emotion. But remember it. Always remember it.”
“Make a wish on a shooting star; the universe will align to hear your heart’s desires.”
“Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.”
“If we all loved a little harder, cared a little more, hugged a little stronger, and opened our circles a little wider, fewer people would feel lonely and depressed. Our brains would be awash with happy neurotransmitters, and we would all feel—as we fundamentally are—part of the connected species.”
“Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.”
“You are the ruler of my heart. There is no measure greater than this.”
“Living the dream.”
“The more you fight against and feel shame for spending time in your Comfort Zone, the more you are in danger of compromising trust with yourself.”
“Real love feels less like a throbbing, pulsing animal begging for its freedom and beating against the inside of my chest and more like, 'Hey, that place you like had fish tacos today and i got you some while i was out', as it sets a bag spotted with grease on the dining room table. It's not a game you don't understand the rules of, or a test you never got the materials to study for. It never leaves you wondering who could possibly be texting at 3 am. Or what you could possibly do to make it come home and stay there. It's fucking boring, dude. I don't walk around mired in uneasiness, waiting for the other shoe to drop. No parsing through spun tales about why it took her so long to come back from the store. No checking her emails or calling her job to make sure she's actually there. No sitting in my car outside her house at dawn, to make sure she's alone when she leaves. This feels safe, and steadfast, and predictable. And secure. It's boring as shit. And it's easily the best thing I've ever felt.”
“When it’s inside, don’t search in the dark outside.”
“There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“Through strength I found love In time I found myself in happiness with you”
“Happiness is waking up without a hangover.”
“True happiness can only come from being of loving service to others, especially those in the last throes of life's journey.”
“I was something that lay under the sun and felt it, like the pumpkins, and I did not want to be anything more. I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
“The first law of attraction is use Cosmic Ordering now.”
“Words covered in chocolate won't always leave sweet thoughts of happiness in your mind. Some may leave a bitter taste on your tongue.”
“Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.”
“Because what’s life Without happiness And where’s happiness Without risk”
“People with a negative outlook on life are miserable. Instead of being unhappy, decide to see the wonder and beauty in the world.”
“All stories about love begin with a certain amount of rationalization”
“The world looks different through a smiling face and a crying face, you know? That is, if you have the power to smile through difficult times, then you have nothing to fear. Even hell becomes heaven for you.”
“You can achieve greatness if you have big dreams and believe in yourself.”
“The universe is spinning when it stops at your point of happiness don't have two things arrogance and oppression.”
“I swore that I would not suffer from the world's grief and the world's stupidity and cruelty and injustice and I made my heart as hard in endurance as the nether millstone and my mind as a polished surface of steel. I no longer suffered, but enjoyment had passed away from me.”
“As Venus within Eros does not really aim at pleasure, so Eros does not aim at happiness. We may think he does, but when he is brought to the test it proves otherwise  For it is the very mark of Eros that when he is in us we had rather share unhappiness with the Beloved than be happy on any other terms.”
“When happiness is happening it feels as if nothing else happened before it, it is a sensation that happens only in the present tense.”
“Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.”
“You were already in a prison. You've been in a prison all your life. Happiness is a prison, Evey. Happiness is the most insidious prison of all. Your lover lived in the penitentiary that we are all born into, and was forced to rake the dregs of that world for his living. He knew affection and tenderness but only briefly. Eventually, one of the other inmates stabbed him with a cutlass and he drowned upon his own blood. Is that it, Evey? Is that the happiness worth more than freedom? It's not an uncommon story, Evey. Many convicts meet with miserable ends. Your mother. Your father. Your lover. One by one, taken out behind the chemical sheds  and shot. All convicts, hunched and deformed by the smallness of their cells, the weight of their chains, the unfairness of their sentences. I didn't put you in a prison, Evey. I just showed you the bars.' 'You're wrong! It's just life, that's all! It's just how life is. It's what we've got to put up with. It's all we've got. What gives you the right to decide it's not good enough?' 'You're in a prison, Evey. You were born in a prison. You've been in a prison so long, you no longer believe there's a world outside. That's because you're afraid, Evey. You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in upon you. You're afraid because freedom is terrifying. Don't back away from it, Evey. Part of you understands the truth even as part pretends not to. You were in a cell, Evey. They offered you a choice between the death of your principles and the death of your body. You said you'd rather die. You faced the fear of your own death and you were calm and still. The door of the cage is open, Evey. All that you feel is the wind from outside.”
“ no one recognises the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it”
“Celebrations are that moments where people don't allow the negativity & heads on the happiness & love vibes.”
“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
“Her happiness floated like waves of ocean along the coast of her life. She found lyrics of her life in his arms but she never sung her song.”
“Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.”
“Trying to please everybody is what you'll soon get tired of, because as time goes on, those you're pleasing will get tired of you.”
“The bitterness of joy lies in the knowledge that it cannot last. Nor should joy last beyond a certain season, for, after that season, even joy would become merely habit.”
“With my eyes closed, I would touch a familiar book and draw its fragrance deep inside me. This was enough to make me happy. ”
“In general, nine-tenths of our happiness depends on our health alone.”
“yeah, sure, the sun will age my skin, and all these giggles and smiles with you will, over time, will crack up my face and give me wrinkles sunshine, giggles, smiles, you? that's happiness, baby i'm living!”
“I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.”
“Happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.”
“Happy is the soul that has a friend. Happier is the soul that trusts in the truth of the heart of a friend. Happiest is the soul that knows the solemnity of friendship and honours its laws.”
“We are living in a time when flowers are trying to live on flowers, instead of on good rain and black loam.”
“We each sell alittle piece of happiness. You are elevating someone's spirit in some way, and to do that you have to understand the source of their angst and then you have to frame your product as a solution.”
“I wouldn’t listen. I wanted everything to stay as it was. I was more afraid of the truth than the lie. The truth would change the circumstances of my life. The lie was static. The lie was peaceful. I was happy with the lie.”
“He wished someone in the course of history had thought of striking that word and all its derivatives from the English Language - happy, happier, happiest, happiness. What the devil did the words really mean anyway? Why not just the word pleasure, which was far more  well, pleasant.”
“They returned our actions and words to us like echoes in a mountain.”
“Happiness knocks on her door every time her husband is not at home.”
“It's all about the smiles!”
“Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.”
“If you can't find happiness within yourself, then make others happiness your happiness.”
“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
“Universe, not again. You can't cause another tragedy in my life.”
“Mothers are the heartbeat of our lives, the ones who guide us through the ups and downs, and the light that shines even in the darkest moments.”
“After all the world is indeed beautiful and if we were any other creature than man we might be continuously happy in it.”
“All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
“By protecting our children from adversity, have we made them deathly afraid of it? By bolstering their self-esteem with false praise and a lack of real-world consequences, have we made them less tolerant, more entitled, and ignorant of their own character defects? By giving in to their every desire, have we encouraged a new age of hedonism?”
“Accustom yourself to the belief that death is of no concern to us, since all good and evil lie in sensation and sensation ends with death. Therefore the true belief that death is nothing to us makes a mortal life happy, not by adding to it an infinite time, but by taking away the desire for immortality. For there is no reason why the man who is thoroughly assured that there is nothing to fear in death should find anything to fear in life. So, too, he is foolish who says that he fears death, not because it will be painful when it comes, but because the anticipation of it is painful; for that which is no burden when it is present gives pain to no purpose when it is anticipated. Death, the most dreaded of evils, is therefore of no concern to us; for while we exist death is not present, and when death is present we no longer exist. It is therefore nothing either to the living or to the dead since it is not present to the living, and the dead no longer are.”
“Happy. Just in my swim shorts, barefooted, wild-haired, in the red fire dark, singing, swigging wine, spitting, jumping, running—that's the way to live. All alone and free in the soft sands of the beach by the sigh of the sea out there, with the Ma-Wink fallopian virgin warm stars reflecting on the outer channel fluid belly waters. And if your cans are redhot and you can't hold them in your hands, just use good old railroad gloves, that's all.”
“It makes no difference where you go, there you are. And it makes no difference what you have, there’s always more to want. Until you are happy with who you are, you will never be happy because of what you have.”
“Once more I realized to what an extent earthly happiness is made to the measure of man. It is not a rare bird which we must pursue at one moment in heaven, at the next in our minds. Happiness is a domestic bird found in our own courtyards.”
“The big reason why folks leave a small town,' Rant used to say, 'is so they can moon over the idea of going back. And the reason they stay put is so they can moon about getting out.' Rant meant that no one is happy, anywhere.”
“Happiness is simple. Everything we do to find it is complicated.”
“One thing I do know my son-in-law didn't hate you. That man loved you so much, sweetie," her father commented.”
“i have laughed more than daffodils and cried more than June.”
“We buy things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people we don't like.”
“How critical it is to stay focused on Jesus Christ.”
“What would a narrative of happiness be like? All that can be described is what prepares it, and then what destroys it.”
“Happiness is the highest form of self-respect. The person who allows himself to be happy shows his self-respect.”
“What would it be like to look in the mirror and actually accept what you see? Not loathe the reflection, or despise it, or be resigned to it? But to like it?”
“Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.”
“What is really important to all of us on our deathbed is the love of friends and family, the legacy you’re leaving behind, knowing that you have done things that made you and others happy!”
“To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”
“Recipe For Happiness Khaborovsk Or Anyplace' One grand boulevard with trees with one grand cafe in sun with strong black coffee in very small cups. One not necessarily very beautiful man or woman who loves you. One fine day.”
“Point me out the happy man and I will point you out either extreme egotism, selfishness, evil -- or else an absolute ignorance.”
“Many a time I have made a comparison between nobility of sacrifice and happiness of rebellion to find out which one is nobler and more beautiful; but until now I have distilled only one truth out of the whole matter, and this truth is sincerity, which makes all our deeds beautiful and honourable.”
“The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.”
“A handful to bright colors tearing through a sombre painting; glimpses of bliss in that arduous jouney which is life”
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“He should be happy because he can think about the unhappiness of others! He’s stupid if he doesn’t know other people’s unhappiness is theirs, And isn’t cured from the outside, Because suffering isn’t like running out of ink, Or a trunk not having iron bands! There being injustice is like there being death.”
“The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can’t lick ‘em, join ‘em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. We have almost lost hold; we can no longer describe a happy man, nor make any celebration of joy.”
“Associate with the noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty; but learn to be happy alone.”
“The thing that makes me happy is that I know that on Mars, two hundred years from now, my books are going to be read. They’ll be up on dead Mars with no atmosphere. And late at night, with a flashlight, some little boy is going to peek under the covers and read The Martian Chronicles on Mars.”
“Ivan tells Anna: "I used to imagine that being embraced by a woman . . . as something so wonderful that it would make me forget everthing . . . [But] happiness, it turns out, will be to share with you the burden I can't share with anyone else.”
“Sharing is caring.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.”
“Sometimes happiness consists of finding the right balance of misery.”
“No matter what you are going through, no matter what you think is going to happen, stay anchored and engaged with the process of Life. Accept the inscrutable, imponderable, brutal reality of your Life. And take one day at a time. That’s how you stay in the game (of Life). And as long as you are in the game, well, anything is possible!”
“  there was no need for him to hasten towards the attainment of a happiness already captured and held in a safe place, which would not escape his grasp again.”
“If happiness is a hardwired obsession in our brains, one should first and foremost learn to foster an upright quest for unvarnished wellbeing and above all not give in to vain temptations of displaying counterfeit contentment and fake smiling. (Digging for white gold »)”
“Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.”
“There is something beautiful about watching two people lovingly act silly together; behaving as though no one else existed.”
“The ethereal past had blinded him, and the highest happiness he could dream was a return to it.”
“True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.”
“Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.”
“If you investigate the matter deeply enough and widely enough, you will find that happiness eludes nearly all men despite the fact that they are forever seeking it. The fortunate and successful few are those who have stopped seeking with the ego alone and allow the search to be directed inwardly by the higher self. They alone can find a happiness unblemished by defects or deficiencies, a Supreme Good which is not a further source of pain and sorrow but an endless source of satisfaction and peace.”
“The only happiness left her was in making some one else happy.”
“And wasn't it this bright boy you selected for beating and tortures after hours? Of course it was. We must all be alike. Not everyone born free and equal, as the Constitution says, but everyone made equal. Each man the image of every other; then all are happy, for their are no mountains to make them cower, to judge themselves against. So! A book is a loaded gun in the house next door. Burn it. Take the shot from the weapon. Breach man's mind. Who knows who might be the target of the well-read man? Me? I won't stomach them for a minute. And so when houses were finally fireproofed completely, all over the world (you were correct in your assumption the other night) there was no longer need of firemen for the old purposes. They were given the new job, as custodians of our peace of mind, the focus of our understandable and rightful dread of being inferior: official censors, judges and executors. That's you, Montag, and that's me.”
“Are you happy?”
“..Such practices and beliefs, which interfere with happiness, are neither inevitable nor necessary; they evolved by chance, as a result of random responses to accidental conditions. But once they become part of the norms and habits of a culture, people assume that this is how things must be; they come to believe they have no other options.”
“A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.”
“We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.”
“The gorgeous sunrise is the one that gives you hope in your heart and gives you another day to pursue your dreams.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.”
“A sound mind in a sound body, is a short, but full description of a happy state in this world. He that has these two, has little more to wish for; and he that wants either of them, will be but little the better for anything else. Men’s happiness or misery is most part of their own making. He, whose mind directs not wisely, will never take the right way; and he, whose body is crazy and feeble, will never be able to advance in it.”
“No matter how much of a giver you are, never give away your happiness.”
“When he looks at me, the way he looks at me  He does not know, what I lack  Or - how - I am incomplete. He sees me, for what I - am, as I am. He's happy - to see me. Every time. Every day.”
“To find peace, let go of your rage, lust, greed, guilt, and bitterness.”
“Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
“Hapiness is as exclusive as a butterfly, and you must never pursue it. If you stay very still, it may come and settle on your hand. But only briefly. Savour those moments, for they will not come in your way very often.”
“Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable.”
“Peace is a butterfly Flying flower to flower With a song in her heart And a great love for the beauty Great purpose and duty. Peace is a new father Searching for a job With courage and vigor With a smile and rigor But with a great need for money. Peace is a bald eagle Soaring high o’er the trees In search of a spot Beneath the blue sky To build her nest to care. Peace is a wide-open sky With a gentle, kind breeze Filled with love and joy Which we can inhabit and share.”
“Everyone has a right to be a little happy, asshole.”
“Whoever does not comprehend your silence likely will not comprehend what you say.”
“When you've succeeded, you'd say: 'Indeed I'd to go through those hell before fit into all of this happiness.”
“I do not think we have a "right" to happiness. If happiness happens, say thanks.”
“How would your life be different if You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!”
“They couldn’t have known that even this was a lie—that we never really choose, not entirely. We are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another. We have no choice but to step forward, and then step forward again, and then step forward again; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we haven’t chosen at all. But maybe happiness isn’t in the choosing. Maybe it’s in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.”
“Amidst the world’s deafening noise, the silence within us speaks the loudest.”
“In the city of wrecked souls, I chose that mine always stays whole; For peace is a state of mind Happiness is a choice And freedom is something to be always stood and fought for ”
“True humility is recognizing that every being has something to teach us.”
“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
“When, therefore, we maintain that pleasure is the end, we do not mean the pleasures of profligates and those that consist in sensuality, as is supposed by some who are either ignorant or disagree with us or do not understand, but freedom from pain in the body and from trouble in the mind. For it is not continuous drinkings and revelings, nor the satisfaction of lusts, nor the enjoyment of fish and other luxuries of the wealthy table, which produce a pleasant life, but sober reasoning, searching out the motives for all choice and avoidance, and banishing mere opinions, to which are due the greatest disturbance of the spirit.”
“But suppose the endlessly dead were to wake in us some emblem: they might point to the catkins hanging from the empty hazel trees, or direct us to the rain descending on black earth in early spring. --- And we, who always think of happiness rising, would feel the emotion that almost baffles us when a happy thing falls.”
“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
“That is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
“Consciousness, or your true nature, is allowing everything to be as it is.”
“Perhaps Philip had not been taught it in so many words, but certainly the impression had been given him that only members of the Church of England had any real hope of eternal happiness.”
“Even if it were possible to cast my horoscope in this one life, and to make an accurate prediction about my future, it would not be possible to 'show' it to me because as soon as I saw it my future would change by definition. This is why Werner Heisenberg's adaptation of the Hays Office—the so-called principle of uncertainty whereby the act of measuring something has the effect of altering the measurement—is of such importance. In my case the difference is often made by publicity. For example, and to boast of one of my few virtues, I used to derive pleasure from giving my time to bright young people who showed promise as writers and who asked for my help. Then some profile of me quoted someone who disclosed that I liked to do this. Then it became something widely said of me, whereupon it became almost impossible for me to go on doing it, because I started to receive far more requests than I could respond to, let alone satisfy. Perception modifies reality: when I abandoned the smoking habit of more than three decades I was given a supposedly helpful pill called Wellbutrin. But as soon as I discovered that this was the brand name for an antidepressant, I tossed the bottle away. There may be successful methods for overcoming the blues but for me they cannot include a capsule that says: 'Fool yourself into happiness, while pretending not to do so.' I should actually want my mind to be strong enough to circumvent such a trick.”
“No one asked you to be happy. Get to work.”
“We had some good times at school. I didn't know how good those times was till I left, but I guess that's the way of it”
“Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.”
“It was that impossible thing: happiness that does not wilt to reveal the thin shoots of some new desire rising from within it.”
“Watch any plant or animal and let it teach you acceptance of what is, surrender to the Now. Let it teach you Being. Let it teach you integrity — which means to be one, to be yourself, to be real. Let it teach you how to live and how to die, and how not to make living and dying into a problem.”
“Solitude is the choice to be alone for self-reflection and happiness.”
“Of all the means to insure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the acquisition of friends.”
“Happiness is a strange thing. It is something I tend to recognize only after it has passed, when I realize I miss it.”
“The one who is free has no desires, no attachments, and no aversions. They are always in a state of supreme peace and happiness.”
“With Cosmic Ordering you can count your chickens before they have hatched.”
“I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our disposition and not on our circumstances.”
“He had learned that, as there is no situation in the world in which a man can be happy and perfectly free, so there is no situation in which he can be perfectly unhappy and unfree.”
“Why doesn’t every fire once kindled, survive and thrive? Why doesn’t every person accomplish her dreams? The simple answer is that the Firestarter’s life is a constant fight against extinction.”
“Art is a never-ending journey towards beauty and perfection.”
“Happyish. Well, happyish isn't so bad.' 'It's the most we can hope for.”
“Your purpose is your why.”
“Music is the ultimate key. It heals like medicine when you're sad and evokes memories of both joy and sorrow. True appreciation goes beyond liking the sound, it's about feeling the music in your heart to understand its essence.”
“Life is the greatest blessing, which has already happened. Life is a gift through which the whole have already loved you. By being alive one has already been accepted by God. God celebrate your being. God is happy that you are.”
“In all human love it must be realized that every man promises a woman, and every woman promises a man that which only God alone can give, namely, perfect happiness. One of the reasons why so many marriages are shipwrecked is because as the young couple leave the altar, they fail to realize that human feelings tire and the enthusiasm of the honeymoon is not the same as the more solid happiness of enduring human love. One of the greatest trials of marriage is the absence of solitude. In the first moments of human love, one does not see the little hidden deformities which later on appear.”
“You are appealing because you are distinct.”
“Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.”
“I touched peaks impossible.”
“Wearing fake happiness is as good as smearing foundation. A bit of moisture drains it all.”
“Happiness and sufferings coexist on the wheel of life.”
“The safest way of not being very miserable is not to expect to be very happy.”
“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
“She was like the sun, She knew her place in the world - She would shine again regardless of all the storms and changeable weather She wouldn't adjust her purpose for things that pass.”
“To Aristotle, friends “are disposed toward each other as they are disposed to themselves: a friend is another self.” … Your brain is like a clever lawyer, twisting the words in Darwin’s contract. Selfishness can actually be altruism— if I believe that you are me.”
“It's always something here - if there isn't a riot, then someone's usually trying to escape. The wasted effort helps me see the positives of imprisonment. Unlike those pulling their hair out in good society, here we don't have to feel ashamed of our day-to-day unhappiness. Here we have someone visible to blame - someone wearing shiny boots. That's why, on consideration, freedom leaves me cold. Because out there in the real world, freedom means you have to admit authorship, even when your story turns out to be a real stinker.”
“Our purest form of joy comes when people we envy get hurt. That most genuine form of joy.”
“Last Night the Rain Spoke to Me" Last night the rain spoke to me slowly, saying, what joy to come falling out of the brisk cloud, to be happy again in a new way on the earth! That’s what it said as it dropped, smelling of iron, and vanished like a dream of the ocean into the branches and the grass below. Then it was over. The sky cleared. I was standing under a tree. The tree was a tree with happy leaves, and I was myself, and there were stars in the sky that were also themselves at the moment, at which moment my right hand was holding my left hand which was holding the tree which was filled with stars and the soft rain— imagine! imagine! the wild and wondrous journeys still to be ours.”
“Value the person for who they are, not what they can do for you. True worth is found in their character rather than their accomplishments.”
“No other thing or no other person is going to make me happy in life, I just have to do that myself.”
“Human unhappiness is evidence of our immortality.”
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“ The Paradoxical Commandments People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered. Love them anyway. If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives. Do good anyway. If you are successful, you will win false friends and true enemies. Succeed anyway. The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway. Honesty and frankness make you vulnerable. Be honest and frank anyway. The biggest men and women with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest men and women with the smallest minds. Think big anyway. People favor underdogs but follow only top dogs. Fight for a few underdogs anyway. What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight. Build anyway. People really need help but may attack you if you do help them. Help people anyway. Give the world the best you have and you'll get kicked in the teeth. Give the world the best you have anyway.”
“When you start to treat yourself better, you’ll be happier, and your life will automatically get better.”
“Happiness comes when our hearts are peaceful and content, and when we learn to appreciate what we already have.”
“There are random moments - tossing a salad, coming up the driveway to the house, ironing the seams flat on a quilt square, standing at the kitchen window and looking out at the delphiniums, hearing a burst of laughter from one of my children's rooms - when I feel a wavelike rush of joy. This is my true religion: arbitrary moments of of nearly painful happiness for a life I feel privileged to lead.”
“Such were our minor preparations for the journey, but above all we laid in an ample stock of good-humour, and a genuine disposition to be pleased; determining to travel in true contrabandista style; taking things as we found them, rough or smooth, and mingling with all classes and conditions in a kind of vagabond companionship. It is the true way to travel in Spain.”
“Don't blame me. That's evolution. Evolution's always hard. Hard and bleak. No such thing as happy evolution.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Happiness is an elusive state of mind not to be gained by clumsy pursuit.It is given to those who do not sue for it:to be unconcerned about a desired good is probably the only way to possess it.”
“You cannot seek happiness. If you seek happiness, you will become more and more unhappy. You have to disappear for appiness to come. You cannot seek and demand happiness. Happiness is a grace, which comes to you when you are open and available. If you demand happiness, you will destroy it. Happiness comes when you are not. It comes when you are silent and empty. In your total emptiness, suddenly happiness is there. You are the hindrance to happiness, so you cannot seek it. If you disappear only then happiness is there. When the self is completely gone, then only you are happy. To attain to happiness, one has to dissolve oneself completely. You have to disappear so that there is no hindrance to joy and happiness. Joy and happiness is the essence of existence, it is the nature of God. If you are not there, God will be there.”
“What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.”
“The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or joy.”
“Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.”
“Your understanding of life will deepen as you spend more time in nature.”
“An empty bus hurtles through the starry night Perhaps the driver is singing and happy because he sings.”
“When it can be said by any country in the world, my poor are happy, neither ignorance nor distress is to be found among them, my jails are empty of prisoners, my streets of beggars, the aged are not in want, the taxes are not oppressive, the rational world is my friend because I am the friend of happiness. When these things can be said, then may that country boast its constitution and government. Independence is my happiness, the world is my country and my religion is to do good .”
“Justice is the only worship. Love is the only priest. Ignorance is the only slavery. Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now, The place to be happy is here, The way to be happy is to make others so. Wisdom is the science of happiness.”
“It is a curious thing, but as one travels the world getting older and older, it appears that happiness is easier to get used to than despair. The second time you have a root beer float, for instance, your happiness at sipping the delicious concoction may not be quite as enormous as when you first had a root beer float, and the twelfth time your happiness may be still less enormous, until root beer floats begin to offer you very little happiness at all, because you have become used to the taste of vanilla ice cream and root beer mixed together. However, the second time you find a thumbtack in your root beer float, your despair is much greater than the first time, when you dismissed the thumbtack as a freak accident rather than part of the scheme of a soda jerk, a phrase which here means "ice cream shop employee who is trying to injure your tongue," and by the twelfth time you find a thumbtack, your despair is even greater still, until you can hardly utter the phrase "root beer float" without bursting into tears. It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.”
“Suffering just means you’re having a bad dream. Happiness means you’re having a good dream. Enlightenment means getting out of the dream altogether.”
“The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!” (Analects 6.11)”
“It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others.”
“The quickest way to experiencing the peace inside, is to learn to recognize when I am not at peace.”
“I look at the pool of glittering starlight and let out a heavy breath. I needed to change the subject. 'What would happen if I were to drink the water?' Tamlin straightened a bit- then relaxed, as if glad to release that old sadness. 'Legend claims you'd be happy until your last breath.' He added, 'Perhaps we both need a glass.' 'I don't think that entire pool would be enough for me,' I said, and he laughed. 'Two jokes in one day- a miracle sent from the Cauldron,' he said. I cracked a smile. He came a step closer, as if forcibly leaving behind the dark, sad stain of what had happened to Lucien, and the starlight danced in his eyes as he said. 'What would be enough to make you happy?' I blushed from my neck to the top of my head. 'I- I don't know.' It was true- I'd never given that sort of thing any thought beyond getting my sisters safely married off and having enough food for me and my father, and time to learn to paint. 'Hmm,' he said, not stepping away. 'What about the ringing of bluebells? Or a ribbon of sunshine? Or a garland of moonlight?' He grinned wickedly. High Lord of Prythian indeed. High Lord of Foolery was more like it.”
“Once people said: Give me liberty or give me death. Now they say: Make me a slave, just pay me enough.”
“I've learned that the more people I love — and I mean really, really, completely, unconditionally love — the happier I am.”
“No matter how radiant your smile might seem, you can never hide the pain in your eyes.”
“She doesn't need your money. Even a penniless fool like you can make her fall in love with you. That's just miracle.”
“Nothing really matters, apart from what matters to us. Therefore, we must be very careful as to what we choose to matter to us.”
“Riches, prestige, everything can be lost. But the happiness in your own heart can only be dimmed; it will always be there, as long as you live, to make you happy again.”
“Happiness is the most tired word in any language.”
“Meadows would bore without greenery, and woods would be silent without birds and insects. There would have been no thrill had the stream or brook not babbled or trickled.”
“Work harder to appreciate your ordinary day.”
“I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy.”
“Tough times in life are not meant to define you, but to refine and strengthen you.”
“Instead of seeing in which way you should take on your travels, observe and examine each day all the beauty your eye unravels ”
“There are three factors that influence the human experience through this journey called Life. Time. Divinity. Grace. While your time on the planet is always subject to surprises and upheavals, divinity and grace are freely, constantly, available. And the best way to deal with the inscrutable and unpredictable nature of time is to embrace the constants, divinity and grace. That’s how you learn to flow with Life – without resisting what is, with equanimity.”
“Laughter is poison to fear.”
“I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, more so than I do in the reality that surrounds me.”
“those who do not know how to see the precious things in life will never be happy.”
“The human mind is a battlefield. It is your personal, and the real, Kurukshetra. This is where you can – and must – gain complete control of your daily Life; no matter what your circumstances are. And taming the mind, and training it, requires that you practice daily silence periods, doing only what you love doing. This a daily process. And there’s no one-time achievement of mastery over your mind that you can claim. It is not like a course that you complete and receive a certification upon completion. You must actively engage in this practice – daily, every single day. Each day you must train your mind. You must train it again, and again, and again. Only this non-negotiable process holds the key to your inner peace and Happiness.”
“I went back to my room and spent all night contemplating whether it was possible in life not to be constantly let down. If it could ever be worth pinning your happiness to another person, when all other people ever seemed to do was disappear.”
“Our possibilities of happiness are already restricted by our constitution. Unhappiness is much less difficult to experience. We are threatened with suffering from three directions: from our own body, which is doomed to decay and dissolution and which cannot even do without pain and anxiety as warning signals; from the external world, which may rage against us with overwhelming and merciless forces of destruction; and finally from our relations to other men. The suffering which comes from this last source is perhaps more painful to us than any other.”
“Happiness, you see, its just an illusion of Fate, a heavenly sleight of hand designed to make you believe in fairy tales. But there's no happily ever after. You'll only find happy endings in books. Some books.”
“Your unhappiness cannot be blamed on your past or your environment. And it isn’t that you lack competence. You just lack courage. One might say you are lacking in the courage to be happy.”
“God wants to rescue us, not destroy us. You don't have to be afraid of being happy, thinking that he wants to take that happiness away from you That's not who he is." "How can you be sure?" "Because when you've had a taste of goodness, it helps you recognize the difference between good and evil. I believe that people like Grace and St. Francis and a whole host of other kind, loving people show us what God is like. He isn't waiting to punish you and he doesn't give you blessings just to strip them away.”
“The most important reason for your “no” is that you need your downtime so you won’t behave like a jerk because you’re depleted. And you don’t want to battle an appetite spiked by the stress of overcommitment. But that’s your secret; others don’t need that information. So just smile, say no, thank you, and keep moving.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, and focus on living fully in the present.”
“You are the source of happiness.”
“My God, a moment of bliss. Why, isn't that enough for a whole lifetime?”
“To answer your question as honestly as I can, I've wanted since I was very little to not have to worry about money. I've never been poverty-level poor (I mean, there's been years where I've been officially beneath the poverty line, but that wasn't poverty: that was being a student and living the Student Lifestyle), but I've been in a place where you know you can't afford a better-quality food, where you can't do certain things because of money, and I'd prefer not to have those problems if I can. I sort of have troubles with money in general, with how it determines so much of our lives but with how we all try to ignore it, but I would like to be (and stay) in a place where I can pick up some new comics and games and not worry about how much they cost. This is terrible; you're asking me where I want to be in the future, what I want my life to be like, and the only thing I can tell you is "Man, all I know is I don't want to be POOR.”
“We remember though all the firelit glow Of a great hearth's gleam and glare, And we looked for a space at each happy face And the love that was written there.”
“Count your blessings as the more you are grateful for what you have the more there is to be grateful for.”
“I hate you. I wish you was dead." Mrs. Carey gasped. He said the words so savagely that it gave her quite a start. She had nothing to say. She sat down in her husband's chair; and as she thought of her desire to love the friendless, crippled boy and her eager wish that he should love her--she was a barren woman and, even though it was clearly God's will that she should be childless, she could scarcely bear to look at little children sometimes, her heart ached so--the tears rose to her eyes and one by one, slowly, rolled down her cheeks. Philip watched her in amazement. She took out her handkerchief, and now she cried without restraint. Suddenly Philip realised that she was crying because of what he had said, and he was sorry. He went up to her silently and kissed her. It was the first kiss he had ever given her without being asked. And the poor lady, so small in her black satin, shrivelled up and sallow, with her funny corkscrew curls, took the little boy on her lap and put her arms around him and wept as though her heart would break. But her tears were partly tears of happiness, for she felt that the strangeness between them was gone. She loved him now with a new love because he had made her suffer.”
“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”
“Cheer up and dry your damp eyes, And tell me when it rains, And I'll blend up that rainbow above you & shoot it through your veins  'Cause your heart has a lack of color, And we should've known That we'd grow up sooner or later, 'Cause we wasted all our free time alone. <3”
“and our few good times will be rare because we have the critical sense and are not easy to fool with laughter”
“I often squashed my emotions; most times it was too painful to reflect on happiness.”
“The best way to insure you achieve the greatest satisfaction out of life is to behave intentionally.”
“It was a flight, a kind of fleeing, a kind of falling, falling higher and higher, spinning off the edge of the earth and beyond the sun and through the vast silent vacuum where there were no burdens and where everything weighed exactly nothing.”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”
“Does genuine happiness truly lie in the relentless accumulation of material possessions?”
“It required all his delicate Epicurean education to prevent his doing something about it; he had to repeat over to himself his favorite notions: that the injustice and unhappiness in the world is a constant; that the theory of progress is a delusion; that the poor, never having known happiness, are insensible to misfortune. Like all the rich he could not bring himself to believe that the poor (look at their houses, look at their clothes) could really suffer. Like all the cultivated he believed that only the widely read could be said to know that they were unhappy.”
“People expected something for nothing, that’s why they did nothing so beautifully these days.”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“Generally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves; the happiest people I know are those who lose themselves in the service of others By and large, I have come to see that if we complain about life, it is because we are thinking only of ourselves.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“Unhappiness comes from wanting what others have. Happiness is wanting what you already have.”
“Adrian smiled and clasped my hands, taking a few steps toward me. "And as for who you are, you’re the same beautiful, brave, and ridiculously smart caffeinated fighter you’ve been since the day I met you.” Finally, he put “beautiful” at the top of his list of adjectives. Not that I should have cared. “Sweet talker,” I scoffed. “You didn’t know anything about me the first time we met.” “I knew you were beautiful,” he said. “I just hoped for the rest.”
“And hand in hand, on the edge of the sand, They danced by the light of the moon.”
“The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship”
“The only way I can be angry at you is when I have thought, said, or done something that is unkind in my own opinion.”
“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
“Monsters don’t get happy endings.”
“Happiness is not an unexpected jackpot nor a monolithic cluster but a forbearing casting and a daily discovery process. ("Why has shé got stars in the sky?")”
“Red. The color of hearts split open and the fire in my veins. A scream of rage, of cursing the white kids who had laughed at my name, of severing the thread binding me to the devils in my house. A color of passion. Of my people. Of rising from the ashes.”
“We need but little learning to live happily.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.”
“I can't wait to see it.' And for the first time, with these two friends beside her, with a mate waiting for her  it was true. Nesta couldn't wait to see the future that unfolded. All of it.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“You have always been useless. But that doesn't mean you aren't necessary. What do you mean? Happiness can depend as easily on useless things as useful ones.”
“Marriage becomes hard work once you have poured the entirety of your life’s expectations for happiness into the hands of one mere person. Keeping that going is hard work.”
“If you’re not happy, then something is wrong. A person comes into the world as a happy being, yet over time, the happiness fades away and they find themselves in this bubble of anxiety and misery all the time. And it’s a comfortable place to stay, so they end up hanging out in this bubble for years and years before it suddenly dawns on them that life is meant to be happy. And, it is. It’s just that they’re too busy getting caught up in worry and stress to notice that life is magnificent and beautiful. Being alive is good. Being alive should already make you happy.”
“Happiness is something you lay siege to, it is a battle like a game of go. I will take hold of all the pain and snuff it out.”
“I wished upon a star and the heavens sent me you”
“To me, the meaning of a human life is to be happy. It's to achieve happiness right now, it's to make sure you're happy in the future. And if some people on YouTube try to have a message to give people, I guess that mine is: do whatever you have to do to be happy.”
“The secret of happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible, horrible, horrible.”
“The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon.”
“When you are in a room with Kurtis, whether its one or a hundred he is the only person that matters.”
“Happiness and the absurd are two sons of the same earth. They are inseparable.”
“The happy man needs nothing and no one. Not that he holds himself aloof, for indeed he is in harmony with everything and everyone; everything is "in him"; nothing can happen to him. The same may also be said for the contemplative person; he needs himself alone; he lacks nothing.”
“I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go. That's just a little bit about me.”
“My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.”
“People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.”
“Seek happiness in tranquility and avoid ambition even if it be only the apparently innocent one of distinguishing yourself in science and discoveries.”
“Moonlight reminds us that there is still light to guide us, even in the darkest of nights.”
“For you may come or you may go, But I will stay forever. I am you true mother; I am amazing nature.”
“For anyone who loves intensely lives not in himself but in the object of his love, and the further he can move out of himself into his love, the happier he is.”
“Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.”
“Insecurities have the ability to shape and mold our minds to live with everything that’s bad; like crying on the inside, while smiling on the outside…thus creating pain…but, alas, I have the answer; forget about what you thought and enjoy (embrace) what you feel”
“Three pillars of a great life; truthfulness, awareness, happiness.”
“If I had a shiny gun I could have a world of fun Speeding bullets through the brains Of the folks that cause me pains :)”
“If our state were really happy, we should not need to take our minds off it in order to make ourselves happy.”
“If it is possible to die of grief then why on earth can't someone be healed by happiness?”
“Concentration attracts luck factor.”
“Life is a constant tightrope walk. And every experience that you go through teaches you how walk this tightrope, how to live – and lead – in a let go. Leadership is essentially the ability to face any situation in Life and do what needs to be done, efficiently and effectively. And living in a let go means to trust the process of Life. So, leading in a let go is what Life is all about. Master this art and you will learn to live your Life better – meaningfully, calmly, happily!”
“One must never settle on a perspective. A sad day was not worth surrendering to because it only meant the depressed heart had not seen enough. A happy day was not worth believing because it had not yet reached the night. There was no single weather for humans.”
“When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”
“He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.”
“Happiness is a nothingness without completeness.”
“If you are doing things in order to be happy  you're doing them in the wrong order.”
“There were times when I lifted my face to the sky, stretched my arms wide to the winter night, and laughed out loud, so happy was I. The memory of it makes me laugh now, but not from happiness. Be careful what you show the world. You never know when the wolf is watching.”
“The secret of a happy life is respect . Respect for yourself and respect for others.”
“Learn to be happy through the good fortunes and joys of your friends and not through senseless quarrels. If you allow these natural feelings to blossom within you, your every burden will seem lighter or more bearable to you, you will find your own way through patience, and you will spread joy everywhere.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?”
“Ultimately, happiness comes down to choosing between the discomfort of becoming aware of your mental afflictions and the discomfort of being ruled by them.”
“In times of profound silence, we find the stillness to hear our inner voice and the strength to heed it.”
“Life does not always stop on your happiness point, so don't rush.”
“Pessimism is not a prescription to escape the hornets’ nests of our anguish but a wrong tool to construct reliable steppingstones for the future. (''Happiness is blowing in the wind'')”
“Money is numbers and numbers never end. If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end.”
“For within the heart of curiosity, lies the secret of greatness.”
“They say all marriages are made in heaven, but so are thunder and lightning.”
“This universe is an ocean of happiness where distance is measured in SPH, Smiles Per Hour.”
“it was dawning on me how uphill a poet's path was, and I confessed to her that if I had to be the choice between being happy or being a poet, I'd choose to be happy.”
“People stop caring about the person who only cares about their own happiness.”
“Art is an ever-evolving mirror of humanity.”
“Be sure to use it whenever you get the opportunity to make yourself happy, because your own happiness is the real source of your energy!”
“I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.”
“I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.”
“Why not let people differ about their answers to the great mysteries of the Universe? Let each seek one's own way to the highest, to one's own sense of supreme loyalty in life, one's ideal of life. Let each philosophy, each world-view bring forth its truth and beauty to a larger perspective, that people may grow in vision, stature and dedication.”
“When we endure situations that are toxic to our well-being, we not only compromise our ability to experience joy and happiness, but our bodies also suffer as well.”
“Laughter is more than just a pleasurable activity When people laugh together, they tend to talk and touch more and to make eye contact more frequently.”
“You, of all people, deserve a happy ending. Despite everything that happened to you, you aren't bitter. You aren't cold. You've just retreated a little and been shy, and that's okay. If I were a fairy godmother, I would give you your heart's desire in an istant. And I would wipe away your tears and tell you not to cry. -Rachel to Julia”
“Every single day is tzimmes Happiness and grief, always in season Never just one way, but tzimmes I will tell you why, one simple reason  Whether your tzimmes is sweet or savory, simple or complex, I hope you learn to love it   there is strength in the tzimmes pot.”
“He brewed his tea in a blue china pot, poured it into a chipped white cup with forget-me-nots on the handle, and dropped in a dollop of honey and cream. He sat by the window, cup in hand, watching the first snow fall. "I am," he sighed deeply, "contented as a clam. I am a most happy man.”
“All the external adoration, respect and adulation in the word, can't drown out the internal voices that tell us, we are not good enough and unworthy of; happiness, love and an abundant life. When we need others to tell us were amazing, worthy and lovable, in order to feel good about ourselves, it is never enough. It goes into the bottomless pit where our inherent self-worth should be. It may feel like we are reaching out to receive love, but in actuality, we are seeking external noise to help drown out our negative core beliefs. Love blossoms from the inside out. That is why it is so important to do the work necessary to heal our emotional wounds, to love ourselves and stand strong in who we are. Only then, are we truly free to give and receive love, unconditionally and in abundance.”
“Being expectationless simply means going with the flow of Life. Accepting whatever comes your way and making the best of any situation. Flowing with Life is not merely surviving. It is thriving. Flowing is the natural process of Life. You flow, just like a river flows. It is the path of least resistance. It is celebratory. It makes you come alive!”
“Tatsuya: What you have "right now" won't necessarily continue on until forever  Hiro:   Yeah, I know.”
“Choose carefully, you are nothing but your choice.”
“Nothing is miserable unless you think it so; and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.”
“Small Moth  She's slicing ripe white peaches into the Tony the Tiger bowl and dropping slivers for the dog poised vibrating by her foot to stop their fall when she spots it, camouflaged, a glimmer and then full on- happiness, plashing blunt soft wings inside her as if it wants to escape again.”
“The more material we lose, the less we have. The less we have, the more we win.”
“Happiness is not to be achieved at the command of emotional whims. Happiness is not the satisfaction of whatever irrational wishes you might blindly attempt to indulge. Happiness is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction, not the joy of escaping from your mind, but of using your mind's fullest power, not the joy of faking reality, but of achieving values that are real, not the joy of a drunkard, but of a producer. Happiness is possible only to a rational man, the man who desires nothing but rational goals, seeks nothing but rational values and finds his joy in nothing but rational actions.”
“To like many people spontaneously and without effort is perhaps the greatest of all sources of personal happiness.”
“The gods, so says the old superstition, do not like to behold too happy mortals. It is certain, at least, that some human beings do not.”
“Remember, you are in control of your own destiny and happiness, so don’t let anyone else dictate how you feel or cause you to lose your inner peace.”
“We find happiness in a kaleidoscope of stories: in books, in comics, in dance, in podcasts, in film and TV shows and video games. We find happiness in cosplaying as our favorite characters, and going to meet-and-greets with our favorite celebrities, and Dimension Door-ing onto the back of an Ancient Black Dragon, and finger-gunning Magic Missiles with our murder-hobo friends in a weekly session of Dungeons and Dragons. We all deserve to be happy, and love what we love, and be unironically enthusiastic about it. There is a magic in fandom that there rarely is anywhere else—where you can raise a TV show from the dead, and un-fridge a favorite character, and write fanfic that becomes canon. It is the kind of magic that brings our far corners of the world together.”
“Over and over again, psychologists find that the human mind reacts to bad things more quickly, strongly and persistenly than to equivalent good things. We can't just will ourselves to see everything as good because our minds are wired to find and react to threats, violations, and setbacks.”
“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
“If you want to make a difference, you must live like no one else and strive to achieve goals that others view as impossible to reach.”
“Keep in mind that the reason you know you can be good to others is only because you've taken strides to be better for and to yourself.”
“When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”
“The world is so full of a number of things, I am sure we should all be as happy as kings. The world is full of happiness, and plenty to go round, if you are only willing to take the kind that comes your way.”
“Gross National Happiness is more important than Gross Domestic Product. attr to Buthan's King Jigme Singye Wangchuck”
“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.”
“I will not talk of my own happiness,' said he, 'great as it is, for I think only of yours. Compared with you, who has the right to be happy?”
“I've never been afraid of anything more than I've been afraid of my own happiness. But I want it, oh I want it. Something tells me it isn't happiness without fear.”
“Frugality, I've learned, has its own cost, one that sometimes lasts forever.”
“The positive vibrations of unregulated joy, peace, happiness and tranquility is freedom.”
“Happiness, I decided years ago, is unattainable and I don’t wish to seek it through the usual methods. Peace is a reflection of our souls, leaving me a non-entity. I cry because people want to feel and I join them in their fears and private agonies and I wish for death and pray for life and hope to God that God even gives a shit and before I die and receive my judgment I just want to help 1 person FEEL, to know what it is to be alive and to ease their suffering as only a tormented soul can.”
“The pursuit of personal happiness has become a modern maxim, crowding out other definitions of the “good life.” Even acts of kindness toward others are framed as a strategy for personal happiness. Altruism, no longer merely a good in itself, has become a vehicle for our own “well-being".”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“What is given to you is what is needed; what you want, requires giving up what you don't need.”
“Happiness is not dependent on circumstances being exactly as we want them to be, or on ourselves being exactly as we’d like to be. Rather, happiness stems from loving ourselves and our lives exactly as they are, knowing that joy and pain, strength and weakness, glory and failure are all essential to the full human experience.”
“It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story .”
“We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain.”
“When you are certain about your next moves, and aware of your surroundings, anxiety fades away.”
“Adrian tipped my face up toward his and kissed me. Like always, the world around me stopped moving. No, the world became Adrian, only Adrian. Kissing him was as mind-blowing as ever, full of that same passion and need I had never believed I’d feel. But today, there was even more to it. I no longer had any doubt about whether this was wrong or right. It was a culmination of a long journey . . . or maybe the beginning of one. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. I didn’t care that we were out in public. I didn’t care that he was Moroi. All that mattered was that he was Adrian, my Adrian. My match. My partner in crime, in the long battle I’d just signed on for to right the wrongs in the Alchemist and Moroi worlds. Maybe Marcus was right that I’d also signed myself up for disaster, but I didn’t care. In that moment, it seemed that as long as Adrian and I were together, there was no challenge too great for us. I don’t know how long we stood there kissing. Like I said, the world around me was gone. Time had stopped. I was awash in the feel of Adrian’s body against mine, in his scent, and in the taste of his lips. That was all that mattered right now.”
“You make the mistake of thinking you have to choose, that you have to do what you want, that there are conditions for happiness. What matters—all that matters, really—is the will to happiness, a kind of enormous, ever-present consciousness. The rest—women, art, success—is nothing but excuses. A canvas waiting for our embroideries.”
“They have a baby grand piano, but no one in the family plays. They have shelves of books they've never read, and the tension between the couples was so thick it nearly choked us.”
“The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.”
“Finding happiness should not be seen as finding a needle in a haystack. Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness. Therefore, finding happiness should be like finding a gift in a stack of gifts.”
“I’m way too big of a bull to get roped into your bullshit.”
“A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.”
“Our happiness is completely and utterly intertwined with other people: family and friends and neighbors and the woman you hardly notice who cleans your office. Happiness is not a noun or verb. It's a conjunction. Connective tissue.”
“Fate would never permit happiness to a man of such talent- a content poet is a mediocre one, a happy poet is insufferable.”
“Happiness is a matter of one’s most ordinary mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self.”
“Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when " and you can't say "I will be peaceful when " Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.”
“No one is to blame because there is no one other than you. Nothing is to disrespect because there is nothing other than you.”
“Stop opening yourself up to this womanizer.  He doesn't deserve to know a freaking thing about you," she chastised herself.”
“A flower is always singing her sweetest song for those who have a listening heart.”
“In the midst of happiness or despair in sorrow or in joy in pleasure or in pain: Do what is right and you will be at peace.”
“Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express yourself, not to impress others.”
“Bhikkhus, what is meant by ‘pursuing the past’? To pursue the past means to lose yourself in thoughts about what you looked like in the past, what your feelings were then, what rank and position you held, what happiness or suffering you experienced then. Giving rise to such thoughts entangles you in the past. “Bhikkhus, what is meant by ‘losing yourself in the future’? To lose yourself in the future means to lose yourself in thoughts about the future. You imagine, hope, fear, or worry about the future, wondering what you will look like, what your feelings will be, whether you will have happiness or suffering. Giving rise to such thoughts entangles you in the future.”
“[Letter to his wife, Natalia Sedova] In addition to the happiness of being a fighter for the cause of socialism, fate gave me the happiness of being her husband. During the almost forty years of our life together she remained an inexhaustible source of love, magnanimity, and tenderness. She underwent great sufferings, especially in the last period of our lives. But I find some comfort in the fact that she also knew days of happiness. For forty-three years of my conscious life I have remained a revolutionist; for forty-two of them I have fought under the banner of Marxism. If I had to begin all over again I would of course try to avoid this or that mistake, but the main course of my life would remain unchanged. I shall die a proletarian revolutionist, a Marxist, a dialectical materialist, and, consequently, an irreconcilable atheist. My faith in the communist future of mankind is not less ardent, indeed it is firmer today, than it was in the days of my youth. Natasha has just come up to the window from the courtyard and opened it wider so that the air may enter more freely into my room. I can see the bright green strip of grass beneath the wall, and the clear blue sky above the wall, and sunlight everywhere. Life is beautiful. Let the future generations cleanse it of all evil, oppression and violence, and enjoy it to the full.”
“Just as clouds are constantly moving, our lives are constantly changing.”
“One is happy as a result of one's own efforts once one knows the necessary ingredients of happiness: simple tastes, a certain degree of courage, self denial to a point, love of work, and above all, a clear conscience.”
“A piece of happiness should never be taken as due.”
“Search within and you will find happiness so real.”
“Wanna be always Happy? Always carry some chocolate with you ;)”
“It takes courage to let go of the past, but the ability to forget it is where true freedom is found.”
“Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.”
“The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.”
“There was a thing called Heaven; but all the same they used to drink enormous quantities of alcohol."   "There was a thing called the soul and a thing called immortality."   "But they used to take morphia and cocaine."   "Two thousand pharmacologists and biochemists were subsidized in A.F. 178."   "Six years later it was being produced commercially. The perfect drug."   "Euphoric, narcotic, pleasantly hallucinant."   "All the advantages of Christianity and alcohol; none of their defects."   "Take a holiday from reality whenever you like, and come back without so much as a headache or a mythology."   "Stability was practically assured.”
“The opportunity window is always open, but it is up to us to decide whether to seize it or let it pass.”
“The main objects of all science, the freedom and happiness of man. . . . [are] the sole objects of all legitimate government. (A plaque with this quotation, with the first phrase omitted, is in the stairwell of the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty.)”
“The smile on a child's face is the most priceless thing in the world. Never let the child inside of you die, and make sure to look after it whenever it needs something. You would improve everything if you had a kinder heart. Happy Children's Day!”
“Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.”
“How suicidal happiness can be!”
“Our greatest happiness comes from the experience of love & compassion.”
“Here, also, the future was cried aloud by the wind through the rocks, so that all those who heard would shiver, and then the liquid spring song of the thrush would make all the beauty of moonlight and sunlight blend together, making it true, so true, that happiness must come again”
“If I'm going to be in this world, I'm going to fight for my happiness until I leave it.”
“Well  ' Cassie thought for a moment, and found she could not disagree. 'I suppose she is very happy to be married to James. And, perhaps, for the moment, yes, a little   bumptious with it.' Jane laughed. 'You see? My theory put there in a nutshell: even happiness in a bride is irksome to witness. And yet the happy single lady spreads universal delight!”
“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
“Mara, that's the life I want to give you. That's what I'm offering you. I want to fill you life with color and warmth. I want to fill it with light. Give me a chance”
“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
“Real happiness is not feeling happy if you have everything, it’s about feeling happy if you have nothing.”
“I had decided to stop chasing the money, and start chasing the passion.”
“Come here, let me share a bit of wisdom with you. Have you given much thought to our mortal condition? Probably not. Why would you? Well, listen. All mortals owe a debt to death. There's no one alive who can say if he will be tomorrow. Our fate moves invisibly! A mystery. No one can teach it, no one can grasp it. Accept this! Cheer up! Have a drink! But don't forget Aphrodite--that's one sweet goddess. You can let the rest go. Am I making sense? I think so. How about a drink. Put on a garland. I'm sure the happy splash of wine will cure your mood. We're all mortal you know. Think mortal. Because my theory is, there's no such thing as life, it's just catastrophe. ”
“Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting some on yourself.”
“But what was there to say? Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief. Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”
“There is one kind of laugh that I always did recommend; it looks out of the eye first with a merry twinkle, then it creeps down on its hands and knees and plays around the mouth like a pretty moth around the blaze of a candle, then it steals over into the dimples of the cheeks and rides around in those whirlpools for a while, then it lights up the whole face like the mellow bloom on a damask rose, then it swims up on the air, with a peal as clear and as happy as a dinner-bell, then it goes back again on gold tiptoes like an angel out for an airing, and it lies down on its little bed of violets in the heart where it came from.”
“If the entire world sought to make itself worthy of happiness rather than make itself happy, then the entire world would be happy.”
“Happiness is a shadow that flees from those who chase it but follows those who dismiss it for the sake of serving others.”
“Live happily thinking about those millions of good people god blessed you with not about the one person he took away from you. :) There is a reason behind every decision god makes. And in the end he plans to make you anything but happy :)”
“I enjoy melancholic music and art. They take me to places I don't normally get to go.”
“Listen to what is being preached today. Look at everyone around us. You've wondered why they suffer, why they seek happiness and never find it. If any man stopped and asked himself whether he's ever held a truly personal desire, he'd find the answer. He'd see that all his wishes, his efforts, his dreams, his ambitions are motivated by other men. He's not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander's delusion - prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded. He can't say about a single thing: 'This is what I wanted because I wanted it, not because it made my neighbors gape at me'. Then he wonders why he's unhappy.”
“Happiness had never been like this before. Now it came like sun showers, the sun and the rain together. Happiness was happier than it had been - sharp, piercing, and snatched, like a breath while swimming in surf.”
“Freddie often fold me that you've got to be happy when you can, because life won't wait for you to take the time. And she was right.”
“Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.”
“What I'm feeling, I think, is joy. And it's been some time since I've felt that blinkered rush of happiness, This might be one of those rare events that lasts, one that'll be remembered and recalled as months and years wind and ravel. One of those sweet, significant moments that leaves a footprint in your mind. A photograph couldn't ever tell its story. It's like something you have to live to understand. One of those freak collisions of fizzing meteors and looming celestial bodies and floating debris and one single beautiful red ball that bursts into your life and through your body like an enormous firework. Where things shift into focus for a moment, and everything makes sense. And it becomes one of those things inside you, a pearl among sludge, one of those big exaggerated memories you can invoke at any moment to peel away a little layer of how you felt, like a lick of ice cream. The flavor of grace.”
“Why would he appear to be so freaking concerned about me to my fake boyfriend anyway? she thought. He needs to mind his own business and keep out of mine. Shallow, arrogant bastard!”
“You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes".”
“I hope death will be a great happiness, a happiness as great as that of love, fulfilled love”
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”
“Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.”
“The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, loved in spite of ourselves.”
“My request today is simple. Today. Tomorrow. Next week. Find somebody, anybody, that’s different than you. Somebody that has made you feel ill-will or even hateful. Somebody whose life decisions have made you uncomfortable. Somebody who practices a different religion than you do. Somebody who has been lost to addiction. Somebody with a criminal past. Somebody who dresses “below” you. Somebody with disabilities. Somebody who lives an alternative lifestyle. Somebody without a home. Somebody that you, until now, would always avoid, always look down on, and always be disgusted by. Reach your arm out and put it around them. And then, tell them they’re all right. Tell them they have a friend. Tell them you love them. If you or I wanna make a change in this world, that’s where we’re gonna be able to do it. That’s where we’ll start. Every. Single. Time.”
“Life is for a short journey, Death is the beginning of eternity, So bloom like a flower, Let its beauty remain forever.”
“If I had a camera," I said, "I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life." "I look exactly the same." "No, you don't. You're changing all the time. Every day a tiny bit. If I could, I'd keep a record of it all." "If you're so smart, how did I change today?" "You got a fraction of a millimeter taller, for one thing. Your hair grew a fraction of a millimeter longer. And your breasts grew a fraction of a—" "They did not!" "Yes, they did." "Did NOT." "Did too." "What else, you big pig?" "You got a little happier and also a little sadder." "Meaning they cancel out each other, leaving me exactly the same." "Not at all. The fact that you got a little happier today doesn't change the fact that you also become a little sadder. Every day you become a little more of both, which means that right now, at this exact moment, you're the happiest and the saddest you've ever been in your whole life." "How do you know?" "Think about it. Have you ever been happier or sadder than right now, lying here in this grass?" "I guess not. No." "And have you ever been sadder?" "No." "It isn't like that for everyone, you know. Some people[ ]" "What about you? Are you the happiest and saddest right now that you've ever been?" "Of course I am." "Why?" "Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you.”
“People won't admit it, they're too busy grabbing to see that the lights have fused. They can't see the darkness and the spider-face beyond and the great web of it all. That there's always this if you scratch at the surface of happiness and goodness. The black and the black and the black.”
“Maybe if we stopped trying to achieve movie standards of greatness, we'd be happy with what we have.”
“Exactly. How can you know it makes you happy if you’ve never experienced it?” “There are different kinds of happy,” she said. “Some kinds don’t need any proof.”
“I shall take the heart. [ ] For brains do not make one happy, and happiness is the best thing in the world.”
“She had known happiness, exquisite happiness, intense happiness, and it silvered the rough waves a little more brightly, as daylight faded, and the blue went out of the sea and it rolled in waves of pure lemon which curved and swelled and broke upon the beach and the ecstasy burst in her eyes and waves of pure delight raced over the floor of her mind and she felt, It is enough! It is enough!”
“I shall never be very merry or very sad, for I am more prone to analyse than to feel.”
“Why? Why does what was beautiful suddenly shatter in hindsight because it concealed dark truths? Why does the memory of years of happy marriage turn to gall when our partner is revealed to have had a lover all those years? Because such a situation makes it impossible to be happy? But we were happy! Sometimes the memory of happiness cannot stay true because it ended unhappily. Because happiness is only real if it lasts forever? Because things always end painfully if they contained pain, conscious or unconscious, all along? But what is unconscious, unrecognized pain?”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“No amount of kicking around or being angry with Life, with your environment or with your world, can change your current reality. It is always what it is. If you don’t like how things are, first accept them for what they are. Then, efficiently, resolutely, take charge, channelize your anger, and work on changing what you dislike. That’s the only way to make your Life better. That’s the only way to Happiness.”
“There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.”
“How we perceive supreme reflects how we perceive ourselves.”
“The happiest moment is when you can let go of what hurt you with love.”
“All those 'better-thans' don't matter if you find the one thing that makes you happy.”
“Me great achievement is that I have been happy, that I've never been nowt but happy”
“No one can love me as I need Because everyone Has loved someone And everyone Will love another one Even me …I wait for that one Ignoring every other (But) …No one Can do the same for me So I prefer to be With no one For a lifetime”
“Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.”
“If you wish to discover a person's true nature, give them everything necessary to be happy.”
“Health is a good as happiness.”
“I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.”
“It is anticipation and recollection that fill the heart—never the sensation of the moment.”
“The most contented man is one who has control over his desires.”
“Thoughts that make you happy are the thoughts that keep you healthy.”
“Love and work are to people what water and sunshine are to plants.”
“Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.”
“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”
“So many people think that they are not gifted because they don’t have an obvious talent that people can recognize because it doesn’t fall under the creative arts category—writing, dancing, music, acting, art or singing. Sadly, they let their real talents go undeveloped, while they chase after fame. I am grateful for the people with obscure unremarked talents because they make our lives easier---inventors, organizers, planners, peacemakers, communicators, activists, scientists, and so forth. However, there is one gift that trumps all other talents—being an excellent parent. If you can successfully raise a child in this day in age to have integrity then you have left a legacy that future generations will benefit from.”
“The Smartphone has become a young divine embodying the ultimate desire and saving us from droopiness or lack of care and concern. It is the epitome of happiness, encompassing pleasure and contentment, but for sure does not allow woe and depression. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me" )”
“Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.”
“Walking alone through nature can be meditative.”
“Speed of happiness is measured in Smiles per hour.”
“Your happiness is the outcome of your life equation. What will you choose in your happiness equation? Hope, gratitude, past sorrows, future, vision, criticism, and argument, or agreement?”
“The embroiling algorithm of happiness may leave many people bewildered or lost in translation while they snubbingly fall back on the smartphone, as a shield against intrusions from the outer world. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me")”
“Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.”
“Your happiness and suffering depend on your actions and not on my wishes for you.”
“Why did I hope we would be happy abroad? A change of environment is that traditional fallacy upon which doomed loves, and lungs, rely.”
“Those who wish to sing always find a song.”
“What can I do with my happiness? How can I keep it, conceal it, bury it where I may never lose it? I want to kneel as it falls over me like rain, gather it up with lace and silk, and press it over myself again.”
“Helping others is the secret sauce to a happy life.”
“Lie may last for a few hours, but the truth will last forever.”
“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking.”
“They are given a lot of alcohol, suspiciously more than they have a right to, and it tastes good. First, it warms you and gives you beautiful eyes, and then it makes everyone else's eyes beautiful, too. Everything hard becomes soft, and all that is yours becomes theirs. If you give someone your hand, there is someone to take it. And if you say something, there is someone who will listen as if it were worth listening to. You get closer to each other, and it feels good to get closer. Your lips become beautiful, and your mouth becomes gentle and friendly. Everything is warm and all shadows disappear. Sorrow itself takes on the form of happiness.”
“No medicine cures what happiness cannot.”
“Draw a curve with your each smile & let your happiness be known to the world like a stunning rainbow!”
“Just because you don’t know the way out doesn’t mean one doesn’t exist.”
“Some don’t want to be happy, inasmuch as they undergo happiness merely as languor and yawning. They are dissatisfied with a bland and vacuous state of glee and, instead, prefer to keep on running like raging bulls through the whims and quirks of life. In reality, their dissatisfaction is their contentment. ("Happiness blowing in the wind" )”
“It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.”
“There are two ways to get enough. One is to continue to accumulate more and more. The other is to desire less.”
“Each man has his own struggle. He struggles to achieve his purpose, passion, and zeal towards life. And each man has to struggle to exist and in the process find his happiness.”
“To know Jesus is to experience joy.”
“Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.”
“There are hours for rest, and hours for wakefulness; nights for sobriety and nights for drunkenness—(if only so that possession of the former allows us to discern the latter when we have it; for sad as it is, no human body can be happily drunk all the time).”
“i'm too lazy to go find happiness,but i'm sure it will swing by sometime”
“An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me ”
“I feel as though the world is a friendly boy walking along in the sun.”
“In stating these matters, I speak an open and disinterested language, dictated by no passion but that of humanity. To me, who have not only refused offers, because I thought them improper, but have declined rewards I might with reputation have accepted, it is no wonder that meanness and imposition appear disgustful. Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”
“Marriage is a wonderful invention; but then again so is a bicycle repair kit.”
“Take a deep dive into nature. You will see everything around you colourful.”
“The depth of wisdom can only complement the depth of our wounds we gain from healing them.”
“Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow.”
“Empathy is the language of the blind who can see, and compassion is the music of the deaf who can hear.”
“Be Sure To Notice When You're Happy”
“Getting your hands in the soil can be relaxing. Because of the fresh air and new ideas, you’ll feel more energised.”
“The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.”
“I put my hand on the altar rail. 'What if   what if Heaven is real, but only in moments? Like a glass of water on a hot day when you're dying of thirst, or when someone's nice to you for no reason, or  ' Mam's pancakes with Toblerone sauce; Dad dashing up from the bar just to tell me, 'Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite'; or Jacko and Sharon singing 'For She's A Squishy Marshmallow' instead of 'For She's A Jolly Good Fellow' every single birthday and wetting themselves even though it's not at all funny; and Brendan giving his old record player to me instead of one of his mates. 'S'pose Heaven's not like a painting that's just hanging there for ever, but more like   Like the best song anyone ever wrote, but a song you only catch in snatches, while you're alive, from passing cars, or   upstairs windows when you're lost  ”
“I had always been taught that the pursuit of happiness was my natural (even national) birthright. It is the emotional trademark of my culture to seek happiness. Not just any kind of happiness, either, but profound happiness, even soaring happiness. And what could possibly bring a person more soaring happiness than romantic love.”
“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
“Father wept as he recalled that one spring day, when they shared for lunch the scabbard fish that Mom had cooked in the morning and, stomachs full, napped together, stretched out. He said that back then he didn't know that this was happiness.”
“ we all have reason to hope for happiness, but . . . we must earn it for ourselves. And that is never easy. You must work and do good, not be lazy and gamble, if you wish to earn happiness. Laziness my appear attractive, bur work gives satisfaction.”
“We choose ignorance because we can . We choose awareness because we can . Samsara and nirvana are simply different points of view based on the choices we make in how to examine and understand our experience. There’s nothing magical about nirvana and nothing bad or wrong about samsara. If you’re determined to think of yourself as limited, fearful, vulnerable, or scarred by past experience, know only that you have chosen to do so, and that the opportunity to experience yourself differently is always available.”
“Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?”
“Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.”
“The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.”
“O seasons, O castles, What soul is without flaws? All its lore is known to me, Felicity, it enchants us all.”
“The goal is not to save more to fill the void in life, but to serve others with what you have, so that you can fill your life with plenty of happiness”
“Great, she didn't lie to me. "Mind if I tag along with you? I would love to have some company. Please don't say no. I don't know if I can take it if you turn me down, beloved," he spoke inaudibly. "Remember the last time we were at an art gallery together?" he asked. "Sure I do," she remarked, walking slowly. Wish I hadn't gone anywhere with you, Creepville!”
“The real happiness in your life comes when you start loving yourself.”
“If one only wished to be happy, this could be easily accomplished; but we wish to be happier than other people, and this is always difficult, for we believe others to be happier than they are.”
“You don't feel like smiling? Then what? Force yourself to smile. Act as if you were already happy, and that will tend to make you happy.”
“I hate going through this when we just found ," his voice trailed off. "Found what?" "Each other," he finished, half-smiling.”
“One who seeks a perfect friend will find none.”
“The biggest reason for choosing happiness is that there is no reason to choose bitterness.”
“The pursuit of happiness begins with good health.”
“ A Brief for the Defense Sorrow everywhere. Slaughter everywhere. If babies are not starving someplace, they are starving somewhere else. With flies in their nostrils. But we enjoy our lives because that's what God wants. Otherwise the mornings before summer dawn would not be made so fine. The Bengal tiger would not be fashioned so miraculously well. The poor women at the fountain are laughing together between the suffering they have known and the awfulness in their future, smiling and laughing while somebody in the village is very sick. There is laughter every day in the terrible streets of Calcutta, and the women laugh in the cages of Bombay. If we deny our happiness, resist our satisfaction, we lessen the importance of their deprivation. We must risk delight. We can do without pleasure, but not delight. Not enjoyment. We must have the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless furnace of this world. To make injustice the only measure of our attention is to praise the Devil. If the locomotive of the Lord runs us down, we should give thanks that the end had magnitude. We must admit there will be music despite everything. We stand at the prow again of a small ship anchored late at night in the tiny port looking over to the sleeping island: the waterfront is three shuttered cafés and one naked light burning. To hear the faint sound of oars in the silence as a rowboat comes slowly out and then goes back is truly worth all the years of sorrow that are to come.”
“Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.”
“Be consistent in your dedication to showing your gratitude to others. Gratitude is a fuel, a medicine, and spiritual and emotional nourishment.”
“You know, a few months ago, I made a terrible mistake. I realized something, and instead of crushing the thought the moment it came I  I let it hang on, and now I know it to be true. And I'm afraid it's stuck in my head forever. These are the best days of our lives. It's a terrible thing to know, but I know it.”
“The Law of Karma states that neither a drop of kindness nor a speck of evil will go unreturned.”
“Happiness is not a life without pain, but rather a life in which the pain is traded for a worthy price.”
“Sometimes pain is so unmanageable that the idea of spending another day with it seems impossible. Other times pain acts as a compass to help you get through the messier tunnels of growing up. But the pain can only help you find happiness if you can remember it.”
“(the whole world is at the throat of the world, everybody feels angry, short-changed, cheated, everybody is despondent, disillusioned.) I welcomed shots of peace, tattered shards of happiness.”
“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“Happiness There's just no accounting for happiness, or the way it turns up like a prodigal who comes back to the dust at your feet having squandered a fortune far away. And how can you not forgive? You make a feast in honor of what was lost, and take from its place the finest garment, which you saved for an occasion you could not imagine, and you weep night and day to know that you were not abandoned, that happiness saved its most extreme form for you alone. No, happiness is the uncle you never knew about, who flies a single-engine plane onto the grassy landing strip, hitchhikes into town, and inquires at every door until he finds you asleep midafternoon as you so often are during the unmerciful hours of your despair. It comes to the monk in his cell. It comes to the woman sweeping the street with a birch broom, to the child whose mother has passed out from drink. It comes to the lover, to the dog chewing a sock, to the pusher, to the basket maker, and to the clerk stacking cans of carrots in the night. It even comes to the boulder in the perpetual shade of pine barrens, to rain falling on the open sea, to the wineglass, weary of holding wine.”
“Few of us would regret the years it takes to complete an education or master a crucial skill. So why complain about the perseverance needed to become a well-balanaced and truly compassionate human being?”
“You can't build happiness on someone else's pain.”
“The more you take responsibility for your attitudes, the more you can adjust yourself in a forward thinking manner.”
“Don't long for life, instead make life long.”
“Whenever I see an ambulance, I like to think there is a baby being born, rather than a death.”
“It was a pity that people did not risk enough to speak out in behalf of one another's happiness and their own. ”
“Most couples wait too long to go (to marriage counseling). There's an average six-year delay between the first cracks in a marriage and actually getting help  When entropy decays the happiness of a marriage over time, it's not just a linear downward progression for everyone. Often, there's a phase change (like water to ice)  In marriage this goes by the appropriately intimidating term negative sentiment override. Idealization hasn't faded-- it has flipped. If love is positive delusion, NSO is utter disillusionment. You are biased against, not toward, your partner. The facts haven't necessarily changed, just your interpretation of them. Rather than attributing problems to context, attributions now lie in someone's poor character traits.”
“Try to be happy in this present moment, and put not off being so to a time to come--as though that time should be of another make from this which has already come and is ours.”
“Life itself is simple it's just not easy.”
“Why should we build our happiness on the opinons of others, when we can find it in our own hearts?”
“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
“I sleep on a bed of dreams.”
“We need to spread more seeds and fill this Planet with love to be surrounded by flowers just everywhere! It starts by simply opening up our hearts and hands to one another. It's in simple things where true Happiness may flourish.”
“IN THE HANDS OF MAN He who creates a poison, also has the cure. He who creates a virus, also has the antidote. He who creates chaos, also has the ability to create peace. He who sparks hate, also has the ability to transform it to love. He who creates misery, also has the ability to destroy it with kindness. He who creates sadness, also has the ability to to covert it to happiness. He who creates darkness, can also be awakened to produce illumination. He who spreads fear, can also be shaken to spread comfort. Any problems created by the left hand of man, Can also be solved with the right, For he who manifests anything, Also has the ability to Destroy it.”
“Jeff Hall's research found that it took as many as sixty hours to develop a light friendship, sometimes one hundred hours to get to full-fledged "friend" status, and two hundred or more hours to unlock the vaunted "best friend" achievement  Hall also found that how people talked mattered. We've all hit that wall with a potential friend where the small talk starts to go in circles  Want to make good friends without the dozens of hours?  Arthur Aron got strangers to feel like lifelong pals in just forty-five minutes. How? Well that leads us to our second costly signal: vulnerability.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“Your only limitation is your willingness, which prevents you from exceeding your limit.”
“A truly happy woman drives some men and almost every other woman absolutely crazy”
“Miracles happen every day, but only those who believe in them can see their power.”
“Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.”
“Claiming to love self, but willingly default to cheating at the first sign of trouble is nothing short of playing yourself. Your ego may feel avenged - temporarily - but your heart and soul, the true self, will suffer the long term affects of karma's justifiable sting.”
“If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.”
“Happiness doesn't lie in conspicuous consumption and the relentless amassing of useless crap. Happiness lies in the person sitting beside you and your ability to talk to them. Happiness is clear-headed human interaction and empathy. Happiness is home. And home is not a house-home is a mythological conceit. It is a state of mind. A place of communion and unconditional love. It is where, when you cross its threshold, you finally feel at peace.”
“With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.”
“How to Find Your Joylah 1. Try new things 2. Be open to new friends 3. Visit new places 4. Listen to new ideas 5. Remember each day is a new day 6. And it's really no big deal if beads get mixed up every once in a while”
“Spirituality is a life-long journey of self-discovery and enlightenment that leads us to a greater understanding of our place in the world.”
“The end of the creation is that God may communicate happiness to the creature”
“I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)  'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.']  two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]'  I can see that he's excited. [narrator]'  Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho   Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!”
“If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy  think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”
“Joy is the holy fire that keeps our purpose warm and our intelligence aglow.”
“The greenest of pastures are right here on earth.”
“The route of true happiness, the Buddha argued, was to achieve a visceral understanding of impermanence, which would take you off the emotional roller coaster and allow you to see your dramas and desires through a wider lens. To truly tame the 'monkey mind' and defeat our habitual tendency toward clinging, meditation was the prescription, and sitting and actively facing the 'voice in your head' mindfully for a few minutes a day might be the hardest thing you'll ever do. Accept that challenge and improve your life drastically. It's about mitigation, not alleviation. It's that simple. The only way out is through.”
“Despite how hard I try to hide, my whole face gathers in a coup to let him know how much I fancy him.”
“I was uncomfortable enough. I was very uncomfortable, I may say unhappy.”
“Once, I had dreaded that first snow, had lived in terror of long, brutal winters. But it had been a long, brutal winter that had brought me so deep into the woods that day nearly two years ago. A long, brutal winter that had made me desperate enough to kill a wolf, that had eventually led me here- to this life, this  happiness.”
“I guess money can't buy happiness if you shop in the wrong places.”
“.. she believed a great happiness awaited her somewhere, and for this reason she remained calm as the days flew by.”
“It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.”
“I know you have it in you, Guy," Anne said suddenly at the end of a silence, "the capacity to be terribly happy.”
“Gratitude always comes into play; research shows that people are happier if they are grateful for the positive things in their lives, rather than worrying about what might be missing.”
“It's lovely to see people so happy.”
“Of the gladdest moments in human life, methinks, is the departure upon a distant journey into unknown lands. Shaking off with one mighty effort the fetters of Habit, the leaden weight of Routine, the cloak of many Cares and the slavery of Civilization, man feels once more happy.”
“I waited for happiness but it didn't come, i had to go and get it.”
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”
“The reasons we don’t sleep at night are usually the same reasons we don’t truly live during the day.”
“The secret of happiness is not doing what we like but in liking what we do.”
“Happily Single" is recognizing that you don’t need or want to be rescued from your life by a handsome prince because your life is pretty awesome, as is.”
“There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.”
“I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.”
“One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.”
“Anything can happen in Life. Absolutely anything. When you try to approach a challenging situation in your Life with logic, and try to reason why things are the way they are, you will often not find the answers you are looking for. That’s when you will awaken to the inscrutability and suchness of Life. And it is in accepting the suchness of Life that you discover inner peace and Happiness.”
“Many people think that happiness comes from having more power or more money.”
“Don't judge me with your limitations. ”
“I never had one hour's happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.”
“You see, nothing matters except pleasure - which is the opposite of happiness, its tragic part, I expect.”
“Truly amazing, what people can get used to, as long as there are a few compensations.”
“Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.”
“By being true to yourself and defending what you believe in, you can change the world.”
“One part of me is happy only in America, the other only in Europe. Without Americans, I would be very much at home in my country.”
“I may seem small, but I’m way too big of a bull to get roped into your bullshit.”
“ is ignorance bliss, I don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”
“Maybe happiness too is a metaphor invented on a day of boredom”
“Be like a branch of a tree; flex your body to face 'wind of sorrow'; flex little harder to dance in the 'wind of happiness'.”
“If one has failed to develop curiosity and interest in the early years, it is a good idea to acquire them now, before it is too late to improve the quality of life. To do so is fairly easy in principle, but more difficult in practice. Yet it is sure worth trying. The first step is to develop the habit of doing whatever needs to be done with concentrated attention, with skill rather than inertia. Even the most routine tasks, like washing dishes, dressing, or mowing the lawn become more rewarding if we approach them with the care it would take to make a work of art. The next step is to transfer some psychic energy each day from tasks that we don’t like doing, or from passive leisure, into something we never did before, or something we enjoy doing but don’t do often enough because it seems too much trouble. There are literally millions of potentially interesting things in the world to see, to do, to learn about. But they don’t become actually interesting until we devote attention to them.”
“Envy nobody. It is the true secret of happiness, or at least the only one I know. (By Moonlight)”
“Dream in colours, For hues are vibrant! Paint each day with a Smile. In days of Past, don't grieve, Make new deposits to the pleasant memory bank!”
“We are young, but We already know that in life's great game those who are most unhappy are those who haven't taken the risk to be happy. And I don't want to be one of those”
“Happily ever after, or even just together ever after, is not cheesy,” Wren said. “It’s the noblest, like, the most courageous thing two people can shoot for.”
“For what it's worth, I think happiness is a fleeting condition, not a permanent state of goddamn mind. I've learned that if you chase after moments of bliss here and there, sometimes those moments will sustain you through the shit.”
“I am who I am because the tears of my past have watered the magnificence of my present.”
“Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.”
“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
“Share your jokes with people who will understand, not with people who you're trying to impress.”
“Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear”
“She'd spoken of their happiness as though it were an undeniable fact, no matter what happened--apart from everything else and not subject to it. It was a new idea for him, that happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies. Food, weapons, happiness. With hope that the weapons could in time vanish from the picture.”
“Happiness comes down to adjusting your perspective and being willing to open your eyes, mind, heart, and soul a little wider to see your world through a new, improved lens.”
“Instinct told him how to act in the face of nature’s cruelty.”
“Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.”
“What is required for many of us, paradoxical though it may sound, is the courage to tolerate happiness without self-sabotage.”
“Dustfinger still clearly remembered the feeling of being in love for the first time. How vulnerable his heart had suddenly been! Such a trembling, quivering thing, happy and miserably unhappy at once.”
“Being unable to cure death, wretchedness and ignorance, men have decided, in order to be happy, not to think about such things.”
“If you stand right at the edge of the night sky, some place where one o’clock leaves to meet two, the breeze will carry your words up to the stars. And they’ll swallow your secrets until its time to hand them over to the truths in the sky- the ones that draw maps in the black. They carve their answers into the backs of my hands, the grooves of the words running deep in my palms.”
“My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say”
“Fresh air is nature’s way of reminding us that every breath is a gift.”
“But in that first flush of victory and happiness and relief, and God knows what other emotions were involved in this great moment, we were all very much one, and we were all in a state of euphoria, drunk with our happiness.”
“No matter how small you start, always dream big.”
“It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
“Eternal Light is something that has always existed. The amount of light you receive will depend on your actions.”
“Being enough is something you are not something you earn.”
“They must live outside class, without relations or money; they must work and stick to each other till death. But England belonged to them. That, besides companionship, was their reward. Her air and sky were theirs, not the timorous millions' who own stuffy little boxes, but never their own souls.”
“He turned from the sight of human ignorance and human fate and the sea eating the ground we stand on, which, had he been able to contemplate it fixedly might have led to something; and found consolation in trifles so slight compared with the august theme just now before him that he was disposed to slur that comfort over, to deprecate it, as if to be caught happy in a world of misery was for an honest man the most despicable of crimes.”
“Some day you will find out that there is far more happiness in another's happiness than in your own.”
“Happiness must be part of your everyday plan, and only you can make it happen.”
“Whence come those mysterious influences which change our happiness into discouragement, and our self-confidence into diffidence?”
“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
“There is no list of rules. There is one rule. The rule is: there are no rules. Happiness comes from living as you need to, as you want to. As your inner voice tells you to. Happiness comes from being who you actually are instead of who you think you are supposed to be. Being traditional is not traditional anymore. It’s funny that we still think of it that way. Normalize your lives, people. You don’t want a baby? Don’t have one. I don’t want to get married? I won’t. You want to live alone? Enjoy it. You want to love someone? Love someone. Don’t apologize. Don’t explain. Don’t ever feel less than. When you feel the need to apologize or explain who you are, it means the voice in your head is telling you the wrong story. Wipe the slate clean. And rewrite it. No fairy tales. Be your own narrator. And go for a happy ending. One foot in front of the other. You will make it.”
“Three o'clock in the morning. The soft April night is looking at my windows and caressingly winking at me with its stars. I can't sleep, I am so happy.”
“Straight lines go too quickly to appreciate the pleasures of the journey. They rush straight to their target and then die in the very moment of their triumph without having thought, loved, suffered or enjoyed themselves. Broken lines do not know what they want. With their caprices they cut time up, abuse routes, slash the joyous flowers and split the peaceful fruits with their corners. It is another story with curved lines. The song of the curved line is called happiness.”
“In a world where happiness has become a social duty and sadness a public offense, life opens unrepentantly into a kaleidoscopic masquerade and a muddling carousel of faking. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me" )”
“The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
“Maybe then he would have understood her better, understood how suffering steals the aptitude for happiness from you. Maybe he would have been okay with her melancholy then.”
“A happy life is navigated by God and anchored by family.”
“If the sun is shining, stand in it- yes, yes, yes. Happy times are great, but happy times pass- they have to- because time passes. The pursuit of happiness is more elusive; it is life-long, and it is not goal-centred. What you are pursuing is meaning- a meaningful life  There are times when it will go so wrong that you will be barely alive, and times when you realise that being barely alive, on your own terms, is better than living a bloated half-life on someone else's terms.”
“Have fun life is better that way.”
“nothing wonderful lasted forever. Joy was as fleeting as a shooting star that crossed the evening sky, ready to blink out at any moment.”
“Life is a crash test.”
“When you’re faced with a difficult life situation, it can feel like you’re in a storm. You need to be able to weather the storm and come out on the other side. Optimism is one of the best ways to do that.”
“If you want to be happy, let go of your anger and bitterness and embrace kindness, compassion, faith, and love.”
“We all need a technological detox; we need to throw away our phones and computers instead of using them as our pseudo-defence system for anything that comes our way. We need to be bored and not have anything to use to shield the boredom away from us. We need to be lonely and see what it is we really feel when we are. If we continue to distract ourselves so we never have to face the realities in front of us, when the time comes and you are faced with something bigger than what your phone, food, or friends can fix, you will be in big trouble.”
“In the architecture of their life some may display Potemkin happiness in view of hiding the dark features of their fair weather relationship, preferring to set up a window dressing of fake satisfaction rather than being rejected as emotional outcasts. ("Absence of beauty was like hell")”
“How can someone be wise who isn’t even remotely happy?”
“With Cosmic Ordering you will never eat humble pie again.”
“Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment? We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.” Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it? Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves! Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go! Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it. I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.”
“Other people are, as a rule, so immaterial to us that, when we have entrusted to any one of them the power to cause so much suffering or happiness to ourselves, that person seems at once to belong to a different universe, is surrounded with poetry, makes of our lives a vast expanse, quick with sensation, on which that person and ourselves are ever more or less in contact.”
“To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.”
“She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.”
“Choose just one reason to be happy every morning and you will be happy all day long.”
“But that wasn't what happened. What happened was they drove to Harry's and parked the Camaro next to an Audi and a Lexus and Gansey ordered flavors of gelato until the table wouldn't hold anymore and Ronan convinced the staff to turn the overhead speakers up and Blue laughed for the first time at something Gansey said and they were loud and triumphant and kings of Henrietta, because they'd found the ley line and because it was starting, it was starting.”
“Sometimes happiness is not knowing the whole story.”
“Of all the cankers of human happiness, none corrodes it with so silent, yet so baneful, a tooth, as indolence.”
“Happiness is the feeling we experience when we are too busy to be miserable.”
“An ardent desire to go took possession of me once more. Not because I wanted to leave - I was quite all right on this Cretan coast, and felt happy and free there and I needed nothing - but because I have always been consumed with one desire; to touch and see as much as possible of the earth and the sea before I die.”
“Pierre was right when he said that one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and I now believe in it. Let the dead bury the dead, but while I'm alive, I must live and be happy.”
“In pursuit of happiness, smart people often end up dumbing down themselves.”
“If you are critical about the flaws of others, then make sure you are not blind of your own.”
“Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty weapon." As quoted in The Black Book of Hollywood Beauty Secrets ( Kym Douglas / Cindy Pearlman, 2006)”
“I remember watching it all and getting the tickling in my chest and thinking to myself: This is what happiness feels like.”
“I like living, breathing better than working my art is that of living. Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral, it's a sort of constant euphoria.”
“Some of the most memorable, and least regrettable, nights of my own youth were spent in coon hunting with farmers. There is no denying that these activities contributed to the economy of farm households, but a further fact is that they were pleasures; they were wilderness pleasures, not greatly different from the pleasures pursued by conservationists and wilderness lovers. As I was always aware, my friends the coon hunters were not motivated just by the wish to tree coons and listen to hounds and listen to each other, all of which were sufficiently attractive; they were coon hunters also because they wanted to be afoot in the woods at night. Most of the farmers I have known, and certainly the most interesting ones, have had the capacity to ramble about outdoors for the mere happiness of it, alert to the doings of the creatures, amused by the sight of a fox catching grasshoppers, or by the puzzle of wild tracks in the snow.”
“My arm draped her shoulder; we both felt safe, as if we were a complete solar system unto ourselves, dangling in the sky, warm heated planets inside a universe of stars. -Richard”
“I needed to stop being what everyone thought I was.”
“My dear Scipio and Laelius. Men, of course, who have no resources in themselves for securing a good and happy life find every age burdensome. But those who look for all happiness from within can never think anything bad which Nature makes inevitable.”
“A smile can be the key to the door of your dreams.”
“Don’t be depressed about a ‘misfortune,’ because it could be a ‘fortune.”
“You’re the purest, most genuine thing that ever happened to me.- Caleb”
“The lack of power to take joy in outdoor nature is as real a misfortune as the lack of power to take joy in books”
“Laugh, and the world laughs with you; Weep, and you weep alone; For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth, But has trouble enough of its own.”
“We left behind the other kids; their path-working, drinking, and being grown up- and rejected all that made them grumpy, uncreative and lifeless. We dumpstered, squatted, and shoplifted our lives back. Everything fell into place when we decided our lives were meant to be lived. Life serves the risk taker ”
“An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”
“Believe in your abilities to overcome any challenges that may arise.”
“Laughter is magic that dispenses clouds and creates sunshine in the soul.”
“The subtle art of being the perfect imperfection is smiling through tears.”
“Many people are so poor that the only thing they have is money. Cultivate your spiritual growth.”
“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
“Your happiness is determined by how much you honor all your values. The real payoff is when you figure out what YOU value.”
“It seemed like this day could go in so many directions, like a spiderweb shooting out toward endless possibilities. Whenever you made a choice, especially one you'd been resisting, it always affected everything else, some in big ways, like a tremor beneath your feet, others in so tiny a shift you hardly noticed a change at all. But it was happening.”
“Happiness is the most natural thing in the world when you have it, and the slowest, strangest, most impossible thing when you don't. It's like learning a foreign language: You can think about the words all you want, but you'll never be able to speak it until you suck up your courage and say them out loud.”
“I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”
“Happiness: being able to forget or, to express in a more learned fashion.”
“One thing a man must have: either a naturally light disposition or a disposition lightened by art and knowledge.”
“Nobel Prize winner Daniel Kahneman found that when you survey people in the moment, their happiness levels are highest while with friends  To be fair, research by Beverley Fair shows that we're the absolute happiest when with both friends and spouses. But even within a marriage, friendship reigns. Work by Gallup found that 70 percent of marital satisfaction is due to the couple's friendship. Tom Rath says it's five times as critical to a good marriage as physical intimacy.”
“Just because things are grave, it doesn’t mean it’s all over for you. To get through a torrid time, allow yourself to be led by the magic and beauty of grace. Simply surrender, trusting the process of Life.”
“The U.S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. Your have to catch up with it yourself.”
“Let's soar on the wings of liberty and trace the perfect angle to tackle the vagaries of life. What can happiness be else than covering freedom, creating harmony, and finding peace with oneself? ('"Poste Restante")”
“Christmas time! That man must be a misanthrope indeed, in whose breast something like a jovial feeling is not roused—in whose mind some pleasant associations are not awakened—by the recurrence of Christmas. There are people who will tell you that Christmas is not to them what it used to be; that each succeeding Christmas has found some cherished hope, or happy prospect, of the year before, dimmed or passed away; that the present only serves to remind them of reduced circumstances and straitened incomes—of the feasts they once bestowed on hollow friends, and of the cold looks that meet them now, in adversity and misfortune. Never heed such dismal reminiscences. There are few men who have lived long enough in the world who cannot call up such thoughts any day of the year. Then do not select the merriest of the three hundred and sixty-five for your doleful recollections, but draw your chair nearer the blazing fire—fill the glass and send round the song—and if your room be smaller than it was a dozen years ago, or if your glass be filled with reeking punch, instead of sparkling wine, put a good face on the matter, and empty it offhand, and fill another, and troll off the old ditty you used to sing, and thank God it’s no worse.”
“There is no key to open the heart of another - except curiosity.”
“2023, is the year that smiles turn happiness into a reality.”
“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
“Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?”
“Cheating seems like such a hard life when you can be loyal and faithful and live out your life in happiness!”
“Guidance counselors always love to say, 'Just think positively,' but that's impossible when you have this thing inside of you, strangling every ounce of happiness you can muster. My body is an efficient happy-though-killing machine.”
“A dim vastness is spread before our souls; the perceptions of our mind are as obscure as those of our vision  But alas! when we have attained our object, when the distant 'there' becomes the present 'here,' all is changed; we are as poor and circumscribed as ever, and our souls still languish for unattainable happiness.”
“The foundation of irreligious criticism is: Man makes religion, religion does not make man. Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has already lost himself again. But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world. Man is the world of man – state, society. This state and this society produce religion, which is an inverted consciousness of the world, because they are an inverted world  Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people. The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness. To call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions. The criticism of religion is, therefore, in embryo, the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo. Criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation, but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower. The criticism of religion disillusions man, so that he will think, act, and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses, so that he will move around himself as his own true Sun. Religion is only the illusory Sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself.”
“Sam had never heard of a bear on a boat, but here she sat, on a boat with a bear. ”
“My parents have been married forty-two years. I wonder how many of those were happy.”
“What's simple is that everything good comes from God, and everything bad comes from man. Where it gets complicated is that everything seemingly good but ultimately bad comes from man, and everything seemingly bad but ultimately good comes from God.”
“When a chance for real happiness comes by, grab it with both hands and devour it. If it lasts five minutes or five lifetimes, it's still worth it.”
“Whenever you go out-of-doors, draw the chin in, carry the crown of the head high, and fill the lungs to the utmost; drink in the sunshine; greet your friends with a smile, and put soul into every handclasp. Do not fear being misunderstood and do not waste a minute thinking about your enemies. Try to fix firmly in your mind what you would like to do; and then, without veering off direction, you will move straight to the goal. Keep your mind on the great and splendid things you would like to do, and then, as the days go gliding away, you will find yourself unconsciously seizing upon the opportunities that are requiered for the fulfillment of your desire, just as the coral insect takes from the running tide the element it needs. Picture in your mind the able, earnest, useful person you desire to be, and the thought you hold is hourly transforming you into that particular individual  Thought is supreme. Preserve a right mental attitude - the attitude of courage, frankness, and good cheer. To think rightly is to create. All things come through desire and every sincere prayer is answered. We become like that on which our hearts are fixed. Carry your chin in and the crown of your head high. We are good in the chrysalis.”
“The brave who focus on all things good and all things beautiful and all things true, even in the small, who give thanks for it and discover joy even in the here and now, they are the change agents who bring fullest Light to all the world.”
“We mistakenly think that by putting ourselves first, we’ll finally get what we want. In fact, true happiness comes not from thinking more of ourselves, but rather from thinking less of ourselves—from seeing the truly small role we play in something much bigger, much more important than our individual needs.”
“Sometimes the secret of happiness is to not share the reason of your happiness.”
“I want to be careful not to throw all this away. This is happiness. I think this is what happiness is. I haven't got it yet, but I can sense it out there. I feel I'm close to it. Some days, I'm so close I can almost smell it.”
“The only means by which one could attain complete happiness is to avoid living in constant expectation of it. It's the expectation that causes our unhappiness and consequent bitterness about life”
“So, go on rising, sun, you don't frighten us. We don't care about your many miles, your diameter, your volume. Warm sun, just rise, bright light, arise. You are not big, you are not small, you are happiness.”
“There is no way you can fast-forward your Life. When going through painful situations, as long as you are complaining about your circumstances, you will find each day long, dreary and miserable to endure. But when you immerse yourself in what you love doing, you will find that each moment is a celebration. You will then be able to flow with Life, joyously, enthusiastically.”
“The boy was the sun in Coriane's sky. On hard days, he split the darkness. On good days, he lit the world. When Tibe went away to the front, for weeks at a time now that the war ran hot again, Cal kept her safe. Only a few months old and better than any shield in the kingdom.”
“Faith is the power that allows a perplexing world to emerge into the light.”
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them.”
“there are many reasons to be sad. u may be sad because u feel alone. the comforting thing abot feeling lonely is that every thing that has ever existed also knows what loneliness feels like too. u may be sad because u are sad. it is ok to be sad but if u are sad because happiness is fleeting, just remember that sadness is also fleeting too.”
“Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.”
“We are in charge of our destiny, and we control our future by how we think and act.”
“We only realize what happiness is about, after it has slammed the door to our inattention; and killing silence has deafened the tunefulness of our life. ("Happy days are back again")”
“It's not strength, it's PERCEPTION that makes you stronger. If you change how you SEE it, you'll change how you FEEL about it.”
“How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!”
“We often fully sense and relish the radiance of happiness only after it is has escaped through the backstage door, stealthily and silently. ("Happy days are back again")”
“Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”
“Each to their own reality”
“Marriage is a garden that requires constant nurturing and care, but it can blossom into a beautiful and everlasting love with patience and dedication.”
“Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies. [An excerpt from “My friend, Abigail”]”
“The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.”
“Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”
“Happiness isn't reserved for privileged individuals. It is a state of mind that can neither be bought nor stolen nor traded; it is a liberty available to anyone.”
“Happiness does not consist in having the best of everything, but in knowing how to make everything better.”
“Just be. Don't push, and what is rightfully yours will come. What you have been put on this Earth to do will present itself.”
“For unhappiness has nothing to teach, and resignation is ugly.”
“The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.”
“It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
“Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.”
“I sit quietly and think about my mom. It's funny how memory erodes, If all I had to work from were my childhood memories, my knowledge of my mother would be faded and soft, with a few sharp memories standing out.”
“I thank you for your time. I can’t say that I wish you success—as we all have our turns with it, after all. However, I will wish you peace, happiness, and enlightenment—things that not everyone, even the most powerful, is successful at having.”
“Why did you look at the sunset?' Philip answered with his mouth full: Because I was happy.”
“Life is too short for negativity. Focus all your energy to create happiness.”
“I wonder how I can crowd all my joy into one short life.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“Everybody has something, that one thing they must do to feel happy. I think this is yours, and I want you to be happy. You don’t have to do it, but it’s here if you choose to come back to it.”
“When you choose your own way, you lose your happiness”
“Those who rule the world get so little opportunity to run about and laugh and play in it.”
“I linked my arm through his, nestling into his warmth. 'It's strange,' I murmured. Rhys angled his head. 'What is?' I smiled. At him, at the Rainbow, at the city. 'This feeling, this excitement to wake up every day. To see you, and to work, and to just be here.' Nearly a year ago, I'd told him the opposite. Wished for the opposite. His face softened, as if he, too, remembered it. And understood.”
“The key to ultimate happiness and fulfillment lies within our own transformation. The more we learn and grow and evolve as individuals, the more we will find happiness and satisfaction in relationships, work and life.”
“You don’t know what happiness lies before you yet,” said I: “you are now only in the commencement of your journey.” “The best of happiness,” replied he, “is mine already—the power and the will to be useful.”
“Life’s not easy by any means. But it is simple. It surely is not complex. We complicate Life by bringing in our wants, our definitions, and our labels, of how people and events must be. Life’s very simple if we just accept it for the way it is. The journey then will not be any less painful. But there will be no suffering. When you are non-suffering, your Life, despite the circumstances, is a daily celebration of magic, beauty and miracles!”
“When life gives you pain, accept it. When life gives you happiness, reject it.”
“Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.”
“Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.”
“Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”
“Personality begins where comparison leaves off. Be unique. Be memorable. Be confident. Be proud.”
“REFLECTIONS OF TRUTH Where you find Truth Is where you find your reflection And where you find your reflection Is where you find love And where you find love Is where you find light And where you find light Is where you find faith And where you find faith Is where you find purpose And where you find purpose Is where you find happiness And where you find happiness Is where you find Truth And when you find Truth Truth will set you free.”
“The more honest you are, the more open, the less fear you will have, because there's no anxiety about being exposed or revealed to others.”
“Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.”
“Every day has its great grief or its small anxiety.   One cloud is dispelled, another forms. There is hardly one day in a hundred of real joy and bright sunshine.”
“Happiness is…capturing the pictures called moments, from the lens called experiences, with the camera called vision, on the canvas called life.”
“One should cultivate good habits of memory, for it is capable of making existence a Paradise or an Inferno.”
“I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from.”
“The business of being happy requires making a conscious choice. People think being happy will just happen to them someday, if only they do this or that right. But it doesn't - you have to choose it. You choose happiness, you don't wait for it to choose you.”
“He came into my life in February 1932 and never left it again. More than a quarter of a century has passed since then, more than nine thousand days, desultory and tedious, hollow with the sense of effort or work without hope- days and years, many of them as dead as dry leaves on a dead tree. I can remember the day and the hour when I first set eyes on this boy who was to be the source of my greatest happiness and of my greatest despair.”
“Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives.”
“My happiness has to come from within myself or it is too fragile a thing to be of any use to me and too much of a burden to benefit any of my loved ones.”
“She turned her face up to his. She could have raised herself up on her toes and kissed his mouth. Instead she caught his gaze with her own. Their eyes held each other's, as their bodies could not, and together they began to dance. There on the balcony, under the stars, with the rooftops of London the only witnesses. And though Lucie could not touch him, Jesse's presence warmed her, surrounded her, calmed her. She felt a pressure in her throat: Why had no one ever told her how close happiness was to tears?”
“There were two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations”
“My dearest friend Abigail, These probably could be the last words I write to you and I may not live long enough to see your response but I truly have lived long enough to live forever in the hearts of my friends. I thought a lot about what I should write to you. I thought of giving you blessings and wishes for things of great value to happen to you in future; I thought of appreciating you for being the way you are; I thought to give sweet and lovely compliments for everything about you; I thought to write something in praise of your poems and prose; and I thought of extending my gratitude for being one of the very few sincerest friends I have ever had. But that is what all friends do and they only qualify to remain as a part of the bunch of our loosely connected memories and that's not what I can choose to be, I cannot choose to be lost somewhere in your memories. So I thought of something through which I hope you will remember me for a very long time. I decided to share some part of my story, of what led me here, the part we both have had in common. A past, which changed us and our perception of the world. A past, which shaped our future into an unknown yet exciting opportunity to revisit the lost thoughts and to break free from the libido of our lost dreams. A past, which questioned our whole past. My dear, when the moment of my past struck me, in its highest demonised form, I felt dead, like a dead-man walking in flesh without a soul, who had no reason to live any more. I no longer saw any meaning of life but then I saw no reason to die as well. I travelled to far away lands, running away from friends, family and everyone else and I confined myself to my thoughts, to my feelings and to myself. Hours, days, weeks and months passed and I waited for a moment of magic to happen, a turn of destiny, but nothing happened, nothing ever happens. I waited and I counted each moment of it, thinking about every moment of my life, the good and the bad ones. I then saw how powerful yet weak, bright yet dark, beautiful yet ugly, joyous yet grievous; is a one single moment. One moment makes the difference. Just a one moment. Such appears to be the extreme and undisputed power of a single moment. We live in a world of appearance, Abigail, where the reality lies beyond the appearances, and this is also only what appears to be such powerful when in actuality it is not. I realised that the power of the moment is not in the moment itself. The power, actually, is in us. Every single one of us has the power to make and shape our own moments. It is us who by feeling joyful, celebrate for a moment of success; and it is also us who by feeling saddened, cry and mourn over our losses. I, with all my heart and mind, now embrace this power which lies within us. I wish life offers you more time to make use of this power. Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies. Take care! Love, Francis. Title: Letter to Abigail Scene: "Death-bed" Chapter: The Road To Awe”
“I have a million things to talk to you about. All I want in this world is you. I want to see you and talk. I want the two of us to begin everything from the beginning.”
“Happiness doesn't mean checking all the boxes, Happiness means to stop putting life in boxes.”
“Call no man happy until he is dead.”
“What is your idea of earthly happiness? To be vindicated in my own lifetime.”
“Happiness, it has been observed, is best achieved by those who have been most unhappy heretofore.”
“[T]he luminous and shocking beauty of the everyday is something I try to remain alert to, if only as an antidote to the chronic cynicism and disenchantment that seems to surround everything, these days. It tells me that, despite how debased or corrupt we are told humanity is and how degraded the world has become, it just keeps on being beautiful. It can’t help it.”
“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
“The strong stand taken by the Epicureans against all these tendencies was taken not in the name of science and human knowledge alone but in the name of human happiness, on the reasonable assumption that if men know the true nature of reality they are more likely to be happy than if they do not. Hence the happy and the good life presupposes knowing and knowing how to know.”
“Going further back, have the seventy or so turbulent millennia since the Cognitive Revolution made the world a better place to live? Was the late Neil Armstrong, whose footprint remains intact on the windless moon, happier than the nameless hunter-gatherer who 30,000 years ago left her handprint on a wall in Chauvet Cave? If not, what was the point of developing agriculture, cities, writing, coinage, empires, science and industry?”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“There is no greater misery than false joys.”
“Nature is beautiful because it is simple.”
“Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.”
“Pleasure” is different from “happiness”. It has its own definition. Pleasure may or may not come from hard work; Pleasure may or may not come from sin; However, happiness is always divine and comes from fulfillment!”
“Those who think money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop … People would be happier and healthier if they took more time off and spent it with their family and friends, yet America has long been heading in the opposite direction. People would be happier if they reduced their commuting time, even if it meant living in smaller houses, yet American trends are toward even larger houses and ever longer commutes. People would be happier and healthier if they took longer vacations even if that meant earning less, yet vacation times are shrinking in the United States, and in Europe as well. People would be happier, and in the long run and wealthier, if they bought basic functional appliances, automobiles, and wristwatches, and invested the money they saved for future consumption; yet, Americans and in particular spend almost everything they have – and sometimes more – on goods for present consumption, often paying a large premium for designer names and superfluous features.”
“Our problem, if we want to attempt to prove or disprove the theory of progress in happiness, is that it is impossible to make meaningful comparisons between, say, the satisfaction derived in one generation from riding free over the prairies and those derived in another from driving a fast car.”
“The dead don't desire revenge, but the happiness of the livng. To dirty your small hands would bring joy to no one. -Kenshin to Eiji”
“…the place I go when I feel trapped inside myself. When I’m terrified all my happiest moments are in the past. When my body is humming from too much of something or aching from too little and life stretches out in front of me like a threat.”
“  too much brooding, not enough doing.”
“We are one of those couples i used to watch, thinking to myself that I'd never be on the inside of something so special. I remember reassuring myself that it probably looked nicer than it actually was, I am happy to be wrong about that.”
“Sometimes it just feels really really wonderful to be alive.”
“Repose, leisure, peace, belong among the elements of happiness. If we have not escaped from harried rush, from mad pursuit, from unrest, from the necessity of care, we are not happy. And what of contemplation? Its very premise is freedom from the fetters of workaday busyness. Moreover, it itself actualizes this freedom by virtue of being intuition.”
“There had to be something wrong with my life. I should have been born a Yugoslavian shepherd who looked up at the Big Dipper every night.”
“Dads. Do you not realize that a child is what you tell them they are? That people almost always become what they are labeled? Was whatever your child just did really the “dumbest thing you’ve ever seen somebody do”? Was it really the “most ridiculous thing they ever could have done”? Do you really believe that your child is an idiot? Because she now does. Think about that. Because you said it, she now believes it. Bravo.”
“We may not be born equal, but we can all make a positive difference in the world.”
“We will never be happy until we make God the source of our fulfillment and the answer to our longings. He is the only one who should have power over our souls.”
“ was it some greater and less explicable misplacement in time and space, whereby she had been born too late, too early, or too far away from the haunts of her spirit ever to harmonize with the unbeautiful things of contemporary reality?”
“It was during those moments that he realized that he experienced true happiness. Whereas big events - like when he graduated or got married to Maria or learned he would be a father - brought worries along with the happiness.”
“To look back on the happiness we have already experienced, is safe. Those memories of a happy time are something that nothing can change nor take from us. The happiness of the present and future is less certain. At any moment, it can disappear ”
“Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
“Somewhere in the garden a thrush was singing, the joyous sweetness of its note so much in harmony with her mood that it seemed a part of her happiness. She was content for some moments to listen, not questioning the source of her happiness; but presently she came to full consciousness, and remembered that she had found a friend.”
“Never been more truthful then right now, looking at you fixes everything.”
“Oh, Marilla, I thought I was happy before. Now I know that I just dreamed a pleasant dream of happiness. This is the reality.”
“When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.”
“Men still are men and not the keys of a piano.”
“Must it ever be thus,—that the source of our happiness must also be the fountain of our misery?”
“Happiness does not depend on outward circumstances, but on the state of the heart.”
“Who among us has not suddenly looked into his child's face, in the midst of the toils and troubles of everyday life, and at that moment "seen" that everything which is good, is loved and lovable, loved by God! Such certainties all mean, at bottom, one and the same thing: that the world is plumb and sound; that everything comes to its appointed goal; that in spite of all appearances, underlying all things is - peace, salvation, gloria; that nothing and no one is lost; that "God holds in his hand the beginning, middle, and end of all that is." Such nonrational, intuitive certainties of the divine base of all that is can be vouchsafed to our gaze even when it is turned toward the most insignificant-looking things, if only it is a gaze inspired by love. That, in the precise sense, is contemplation  Out of this kind of contemplation of the created world arise in never-ending wealth all true poetry and all real art, for it is the nature of poetry and art to be paean and praise heard above all the wails of lamentation. No one who is not capable of such contemplation can grasp poetry in a poetic fashion, that is to say, in the only meaningful fashion. The indispensability, the vital function of the arts in man's life, consists above all in this: that through them contemplation of the created world is kept alive and active.”
“Hearts will break and people will hurt you, darling.” Her mother said. “But when you let those people control your outlook on the life, you only allow them to have a greater hold on your happiness. Once you accept the fact that every day is a new day to begin again, life becomes a much easier path to walk.”
“Let go of the past, wash away your pain, anger, and hatred, and emerge refreshed, renewed, and pure like the waterfall.”
“Human happiness is defined by the hardships and conflicts you have been through. The greater they are, the greater is your happiness.”
“The subsistence mentality of a person is a prison in which his personal joy is detained. If you want to live in joy, you don't live for yourself alone. Live for others too!”
“I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.”
“If you think the story has a sad ending, it's because it's not over yet.”
“right in this moment, I can´t even remember what unhappy feels like.”
“These men are worth your tears. You are not worth their merriment.”
“Do not try to be happy; be happy.”
“When you’re in love, there’s no need to understand what’s going on, because everything happens inside of you.”
“The mud-lusciousness of spring is a reminder to embrace life’s messiness and to find beauty in unexpected places.”
“Fate is the malevolent little jester sitting up in the heavens and pondering over how ridiculous we humans are and he does his best to make fools out of all of us. And sooner or later he succeeds.”
“The only way you're gonna be happy is to do the thing that only you can do--or at least try to.”
“When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
“Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.”
“Pockets of happiness - Anything that breaks our routine of boredom, frustration, and weariness and leaves us with a breath of fresh air. Anything that pulls us out of unconscious living”
“The key to happiness? Find someone who would rather you be happy than themselves and then you treat them the same way. That way, no matter what, you are both trying to insure the OTHER person's happiness and in turn, yours is undeniable.”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Birds never know if the sun will rise, yet they sing everyday right before dawn. And sure enough the sun emerges, defeating the most ominous mourn. Be the herald of impossible light, even amidst the worries of souls most weary. The darkness of the world may not be your fault, to light up the world is your existential duty.”
“Perhaps it follows, he said, that people who live in the sun don't take responsibility for their own happiness.”
“Happiness is something that you cannot see. It is naturally felt. When you feel it, you wouldn't wanna let go of it. It makes you smile. It keeps you going. It gives you the energy that nothing and nobody can give. Ig pushes to do things that renders positive vibe inside. Happiness is felt in the most unexpected time and place. It's a natural phenomenon.”
“Sometimes you must banish the thought before it’s safe to live in the mind.”
“By making yourself a life-long leaner you’ll keep discovering new and exciting things about yourself and others.”
“I drink to the general joy o’ the whole table." Macbeth”
“We must have the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless furnace of this world.”
“No matter how much someone else loves you or you love other people, if you don’t love yourself then it can never be enough.”
“What is it that makes you cry? It is only your attachments. What is it that you miss when it is lost? It is the object of your attachment. Ponder over this. Find out what it is that grips your very life, without which you feel miserable and destitute; that is the center of your attachment. Here is what you should do: make an effort to find out what things it would hurt you to lose. Then, before they are lost, open your hands little by little, relax your grip on them. This is the method for conquering attachment. There is bound to be pain, but you must bear it; this is your penance. It is not necessary to renounce anything. It is not that you should leave your wife and run away to the Himalayas. Remain there, where you are, but gradually stop depending on her. There is no need to cause any pain; your wife need not even know it. There is no need to tell her. Seek out the attachments. Try gradually to live without the things that you now think you cannot live without. Create such a state within yourself that if and when these things are lost, there is not the slightest tremor within you. Then you will have attained victory over these attachments. This can be possible. It has been possible. And if it has happened to even one, it can happen to all.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“  in a world which stands upon the threshold of the chemistry of the atom, which is only beginning to fathom the mystery of interstellar space   this poor world of ours which, however justifiably proud of its science, has created so little happiness for itself  ”
“The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion. It has been the most dishonourable belief against the character of the divinity, the most destructive to morality, and the peace and happiness of man, that ever was propagated since man began to exist. It is better, far better, that we admitted, if it were possible, a thousand devils to roam at large, and to preach publicly the doctrine of devils, if there were any such, than that we permitted one such impostor and monster as Moses, Joshua, Samuel, and the Bible prophets, to come with the pretended word of God in his mouth, and have credit among us. Whence arose all the horrid assassinations of whole nations of men, women, and infants, with which the Bible is filled; and the bloody persecutions, and tortures unto death and religious wars, that since that time have laid Europe in blood and ashes; whence arose they, but from this impious thing called revealed religion, and this monstrous belief that God has spoken to man? The lies of the Bible have been the cause of the one, and the lies of the Testament of the other.”
“Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.”
“Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what I mean.”
“Your most important “want” should be the one you can control!”
“In the end, the number of prayers we say may contribute to our happiness, but the number of prayers we answer may be of even greater importance.”
“Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.”
“The sunsets we experience with people we care about are the most beautiful.”
“Never again will I underestimate the greatness inside of me just because of the hate and limited thinking inside of others.”
“When we create conditions to be happy, we end up creating a complex life.”
“It’s in the little flowers of kindness that we find the maximum nectar of happiness.”
“Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.”
“…I realized my happiness was artificial. I felt happy because I saw the others were happy and because I knew I should feel happy, but I wasn't really happy.”
“According to the Buddha, the failure to recognize the illusion of the self is the source of all ignorance and unhappiness. It is only by renouncing the self, that is, by dropping his ego defences and committing metaphorical suicide, that a person can open up to different modes of being and relating and thereby transform himself into a pure essence of humanity. In so doing, he becomes free to recast himself as a much more joyful and productive person, and attains the only species of transcendence and immortality that is open to man.”
“The journey of life is not about arriving at a destination, but about discovering the beauty and meaning along the way.”
“Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good.”
“When we give freely, we feel full and complete; when we withhold, we feel small, petty, impotent, and lacking. We are meant to learn this great truth, that giving fulfills us, while withholding and trying to get causes us to feel empty and even more needy. This truth runs counter to our programming, which drives us to try to get something from others to fulfill our neediness, only to end up even more needy, grasping, lacking, and unfulfilled.”
“Many people are like garbage trucks. They run around full of garbage, full of frustration, full of anger, and full of disappointment. As their garbage piles up, they look for a place to dump it. And if you let them, they’ll dump it on you. So when someone wants to dump on you, don’t take it personally. Just smile, wave, wish them well, and move on. Believe me. You’ll be happier.”
“Be as delicate as a flower at all times. A flower can still bloom when surrounded by thorns, but you can’t smile if you’re in pain.”
“If you think you can then you can.”
“I think happiness is what makes you pretty. Period. Happy people are beautiful. They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness.”
“It is always worth itemising happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers for happiness while you can.”
“The state of your mind is in your hands. You can choose to make it a place of hell or heaven, suffering or happiness, loneliness or solitude.”
“Look around you for a moment. You’ll be surprised at how much beauty you’ve been missing.”
“Be willing to leave the ground behind if you want to fly.”
“The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.”
“Many people see happiness only in their future.”
“There was so much happiness in the world. It was everywhere. It was free. Eby never understood why some people, people like her family, simply refused to take it.”
“[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.”
“Don’t we get it? To put our arm around someone who is gay, someone who has an addiction, somebody who lives a different lifestyle, someone who is not what we think they should be… doing that has nothing to do with enabling them or accepting what they do as okay by us. It has nothing to do with encouraging them in their practice of what you or I might feel or believe is wrong vs right. It has everything to do with being a good human being. A good person. A good friend.”
“A disciplined mind leads to happiness, and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering.”
“Happiness is good, but well-overrated: what we hate most are the very motivators that put us in gear. A man drifts along with little to contribute until something agitates him enough to make a difference, whether for himself or for his communities.”
“Sometimes I think if we didn’t have these problems the whole world would stop spinning on her axis, we’d all stop spinning on our axises, axes, or whatever you want to call them, and then we’d have to settle into the nasty business of finding a way to be happy.”
“It was always a relief when she came home to him. Like water or food. Like music or that moment when you cut yourself with a knife and squeeze the skin and no blood oozes out.”
“Don't waste your time living the life of someone else.”
“Hope finds its fulfillment when nurtured through faith and shared with love.”
“Thoughts are just thoughts, and they can’t hurt you. My thoughts land in my mind like a butterfly; they stay for a while, then flutter away. The butterfly isn’t me. I can step away from it, and watch it, learn from it, enjoy it, without needing to absorb it into my identity.”
“And he, like many jaded people, had few pleasures left in life save good food and drink.”
“Everyone gets an ending. Whether or not it's happy is up to them.”
“Happiness is not a goal it's a by-product of a life well lived.”
“so many thoughts, my kvothe. you know too much to be happy.”
“To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.”
“Cosmic Ordering is a dish best served today.”
“For what are the words with which to summarize a lifetime, so much crowded confused happiness terminated by such stark slow-motion pain?”
“If you consider your life to be happy and successful, then it is exactly so. If you view your life as unhappy or as a failure, then you are right about that. Fortunately or unfortunately, you can never be wrong on this matter.”
“The pursuit of happiness and fulfilment is a journey many people commit their lives to. Sadly, many people fail in their mission due to seeking it out in the wrong places, such as in their career, their net worth, entertainment, or the size of their social media following.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“I was not happy as a child, although from time to time I was content. I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else”
“Stop trying to 'fix' yourself; you're NOT broken! You are perfectly imperfect and powerful beyond measure.”
“He was persuaded he could know no happiness but in the society of one with whom he could for ever indulge the melancholy that had taken possession of his soul.”
“Love and work are crucial for human happiness because, when done well, they draw us out of ourselves and into connection with people and projects beyond ourselves. Happiness comes from getting these connections right.”
“The seeds of transformation are found in the darkest moments, for it is in adversity that we find our true strength.”
“The goal of life is to make everyone and everything around you happy. With your act of kindness and compassion.”
“Happiness. Simple as a glass of chocolate or tortuous as the heart. Bitter. Sweet. Alive.”
“Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.”
“Happiness is having the freedom to do what you love.”
“Wherein lies happiness? In that which becks Our ready minds to fellowship divine, A fellowship with essence; till we shine, Full alchemiz’d, and free of space. Behold The clear religion of heaven!”
“If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.”
“Some will find happiness from their parents, some from their lovers, some from their friends. No matter where you find happiness, don't take it for granted.”
“When I take a break, even just a brief one, the creative energy flows in. Only then do I have anything of value to share with others. Once I recognized this, I stopped feeling guilty about taking time for myself.”
“I promise you that the same stuff galaxies are made of, you are. The same energy that swings planets around stars makes electrons dance in your heart. It is in you, outside you, you are it. It is beautiful. Trust in this. And you your life will be grand.”
“Those who love you are not fooled by mistakes you have made or dark images you hold about yourself. They remember your beauty when you feel ugly; your wholeness when you are broken; your innocence when you feel guilty; and your purpose when you are confused.”
“If you try nothing new, you’ll never know what you’re truly capable of.”
“Cinderella was such a dork. She left behind her glass slipper at the ball and then went right back to her step-monster's house. It seems to me she should have worn the glass slipper always, to make herself easier to find. I always hoped that after the prince found Cinderella and they rode away in their magnificent carriage, after a few miles she turned to him and said, "Could you drop me off down the road please? Now that I've finally escaped my life of horrific abuse, I'd like to see something of the world, you know?  I'll catch back up with you later, Prince, once I've found my own way.”
“A crush for whom I’m saving my first kiss.”
“Let us not hesitate to surrender to our desire and our passion for joy when we are willing to be reborn from the ashes of a lost past and feel ready to burn down desperation and boredom. (''Happiness is blowing in the wind'')”
“At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.”
“The mind is liberated - by reflecting on oneself.”
“What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more'   Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.”
“You will understand the true meaning of a friend in time of need.”
“[Happiness] comes when we choose to be who we are, to be ourselves, at this present moment in our lives.”
“Clearly defined and pursued divine assignment in an individual's life, brings a sense of fulfillment, happiness, and purposeful life.”
“I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more ”
“If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.”
“To be happy a woman had to think hard, during long silent hours, about how to make each small step forward.”
“With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world. Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.”
“Greatness is not found in wealth or position but in kindness and contribution.”
“Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.”
“We must peel away the bitterness of life from time to time in order to reveal the richer aspects of life.”
“There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
“No more need to rob Peter to pay Paul with Cosmic Ordering.”
“The amusements of life, he argued, should be accepted with the same philosophy as its ills. ("The Striding Place")”
“To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
“I don't think about "being happy" unless I'm with you, and then I never am. Humans are never happy.”
“How often since then has she wondered what might have happened if she'd tried to remain with him; if she’d returned Richard's kiss on the corner of Bleeker and McDougal, gone off somewhere (where?) with him, never bought the packet of incense or the alpaca coat with rose-shaped buttons. Couldn’t they have discovered something larger and stranger than what they've got. It is impossible not to imagine that other future, that rejected future, as taking place in Italy or France, among big sunny rooms and gardens; as being full of infidelities and great battles; as a vast and enduring romance laid over friendship so searing and profound it would accompany them to the grave and possibly even beyond. She could, she thinks, have entered another world. She could have had a life as potent and dangerous as literature itself. Or then again maybe not, Clarissa tells herself. That's who I was. This is who I am--a decent woman with a good apartment, with a stable and affectionate marriage, giving a party. Venture too far for love, she tells herself, and you renounce citizenship in the country you've made for yourself. You end up just sailing from port to port. Still, there is this sense of missed opportunity. Maybe there is nothing, ever, that can equal the recollection of having been young together. Maybe it's as simple as that. Richard was the person Clarissa loved at her most optimistic moment. Richard had stood beside her at the pond's edge at dusk, wearing cut-off jeans and rubber sandals. Richard had called her Mrs. Dalloway, and they had kissed. His mouth had opened to hers; (exciting and utterly familiar, she'd never forget it) had worked its way shyly inside until she met its own. They'd kissed and walked around the pond together. It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and it's perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.”
“Happiness without freedom, or freedom without happiness. There was no third alternative.”
“We, Equality 7-2521, were not happy in those year in the Home of the Students. It was not that the learning was too hard for us. It was that the learning was too easy. This is a great sin, to be born with a head which is too quick. It is not good to be different from our brothers, but it is evil to be superior to them. The Teachers told us so, and they frowned when they looked at us.”
“You imagined scenes in which someone tried to cheer you up… The repulsion that then took hold of you did not come from your rejection of this well-meaning woman, nor from the nature of the supposed objects of joy that she would show you, but from the fact that the desire to live could not be dictated to you. You could not be happy on command, whether the order was given by you or by someone else. The moments of happiness you knew came unbidden. You could understand their sources, but you could not reproduce them.”
“Some people think they can find satisfaction in good food, fine clothes, lively music, and sexual pleasure. However, when they have all these things, they are not satisfied. They realize happiness is not simply having their material needs met. Thus, society has set up a system of rewards that go beyond material goods. These include titles, social recognition, status, and political power, all wrapped up in a package called self-fulfillment. Attracted by these prizes and goaded on by social pressure, people spend their short lives tiring body and mind to chase after these goals. Perhaps this gives them the feeling that they have achieved something in their lives, but in reality they have sacrificed a lot in life. They can no longer see, hear, act, feel, or think from their hearts. Everything they do is dictated by whether it can get them social gains. In the end, they've spent their lives following other people's demands and never lived a life of their own. How different is this from the life of a slave or a prisoner?”
“Outliers are not necessarily uncommon; they are simply not always visible.”
“Judgment is a negative frequency.”
“You do not bother to think about the past or the future. Now is what really matters.”
“Make the most of every moment. Get excited about every little thing. Why not? Why not have your wonderful moment of excited anticipation? Why not be happy NOW? This is my greatest challenge, but something I'm pouring my heart into: learning how to enjoy what I have, right here, right now. Every moment is precious and although sometimes I struggle to see it, I see it more and more every day.”
“The Seven Social Sins are: Wealth without work. Pleasure without conscience. Knowledge without character. Commerce without morality. Science without humanity. Worship without sacrifice. Politics without principle. From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.”
“The secret of happiness: Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it.”
“Happiness is like time and space--we make and measure it ourselves; it is a fancy--as big, as little, as you please; just a thing of contrasts and comparisons, like health or strength or beauty or any other good--that wouldn't even be noticed but for sad personal experience of its opposite!--or its greater!”
“It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe.”
“There's the risk of being loved and that would keep me from being happy.”
“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”
“Tis never the place, but the people one shares it with who are the cause of our happiest memories.”
“Moonlight, the mystic smile of the night, can soothe the soul and calm the mind.”
“It is unfortunate that very few people have ever tried to know meditation, because meditation is the way to joy and happiness. Meditation means to participate in the celebration of existence. Without it life remains a misery, a sadness and a frustration. Meditation is the only way to be the blessed one and to participate in the mystery of ife. Meditation is the door to God.”
“Champagne arrived in flûtes on trays, and we emptied them with gladness in our hearts  for when feasts are laid and classical music is played, where champagne is drunk once the sun has sunk and the season of summer is alive in spicy bloom, and beautiful women fill the room, and are generous with laughter and smiles  these things fill men's hearts with joy and remind one that life’s bounty is not always fleeting but can be captured, and enjoyed. It is in writing about this scene that I relive this night in my soul.”
“True, sometimes it’s hard to tell the difference between authentic anger and bullshit and that’s why the following exercise is designed to help you express your resentments with integrity, and not with demoralizing bullshit”
“The happy pill is a life without pills.”
“The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”
“We thought everything would be forgotten, but I still remember your claws running down my back. I wonder if you still think about us, the way I do. How our legs would crash into each other in the middle of the night, and how we ended up creating the moon in the confines of our beds.”
“Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness  but only when you pay your taxes? That means your freedom is rented, leased, & not unalienable.”
“He makes a sharp maneuver, trying to hold my wrist for a better grip, but he fails.”
“Reading is one of the main things I do. Reading is everything. Reading makes me feel I have accomplished something, learned something, become a better person. Reading makes me smarter. Reading gives me something to talk about later on. Reading is the unbelievably healthy way my attention deficit disorder medicates itself. Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real. Reading is grist. Reading is bliss.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“The world, which is like a mountain, echoes your words back to you. Be in love no matter where you are or what you do.”
“Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.”
“Happiness is the change that comes over me when I describe the world It comes over the world Happiness is the change that comes over me when I'm afraid It comes over the world For instance I can be afraid of and for the world afraid because the world consists among other things of me so swiftly dying”
“Nothing can illustrate these observations more forcibly, than a recollection of the happy conjuncture of times and circumstances, under which our Republic assumed its rank among the Nations; The foundation of our Empire was not laid in the gloomy age of Ignorance and Superstition, but at an Epoch when the rights of mankind were better understood and more clearly defined, than at any former period, the researches of the human mind, after social happiness, have been carried to a great extent, the Treasures of knowledge, acquired by the labours of Philosophers, Sages and Legislatures, through a long succession of years, are laid open for our use, and their collected wisdom may be happily applied in the Establishment of our forms of Government ; the free cultivation of Letters, the unbounded extension of Commerce, the progressive refinement of Manners, the growing liberality of sentiment  have had a meliorating influence on mankind and increased the blessings of Society. At this auspicious period, the United States came into existence as a Nation, and if their Citizens should not be completely free and happy, the fault will be entirely their own. [ Circular to the States, 8 June 1783 - Writings 26:484--89 ]”
“To all of you here, I wish you a very Happy New Year and I look forward to seeing you in 2022. All the best.”
“Allow yourself to be carried towards new beginnings by letting go of things that no longer serve you, like leaves withering in the wind.”
“A grateful mindset can set you free from the prison of disempowerment and the shackles of misery.”
“Throw yourself into nature's arms when you're completely lost in the dark; it will reveal a new glimmer of hope.”
“Happiness is a state of activity.”
“Growing older is inevitable. But growing wiser is a personal – and intelligent – choice.”
“Trust, communication, and a willingness to grow together indefinitely, which are the pillars of a genuine relationship, are the foundations of a true relationship.”
“Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying. The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things.”
“Today only the person who no longer believes in a happy ending, only he who has consciously renounced it, is able to live. A happy century does not exist; but there are moments of happiness, and there is freedom in the moment.”
“I want to wake up tomorrow feeling as good as I do today. I want this day and this drive to never end. I want the laughter to keep going, into the next and the next and the next. I want to dance in a club. I want to cup someone's face. I want to be texted back as quickly as I text back. I want to lie beside someone for so long that I forget that they're another person and think I'm talking to myself. I want a friend to race ahead of me at a crowded market so I'm left actually talking to myself. I want free education and health care and housing for everyone everywhere. I want to feel better so I can do better, for the world and everyone in it. I want us to slow if not halt if not reverse the effects of climate change. I want to read out loud to someone till my mouth gets dry. I want to give a child a piggyback. I want to climb a tree. I want to skip down a pavement scuffing my toes. I want to choke because I've eaten a meal too fast and I want to laugh when I do. I want to hang a picture. I want to smell a book. I want to cradle a cat as if it's a baby. I want to go into love boldly, like I do everything else. I want to not be incapacitated by it. I want to learn, always. I want to live.”
“Life is a journey worth making.”
“We do not have the right to dictate to God how love will be revealed in our lives. We are open to all the varied and unexpected ways Love can choose to bless and use us. That is all we need to ensure our happiness. One who knows their connection with divine Love can never feel the isolation of loneliness or the fear of being rejected or deserted. One cannot be separated from or turned away from a love that knows no parting and is present and available under all circumstances.”
“The only things a person ever wanted were food and home.”
“It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.”
“Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have.”
“Used in a personal sense, the phrase 'achieve an end' seemed to her a small-minded snare. She preferred the word life , and, on rare occasions, happiness .”
“ the most wonderful form of crazy that love brings: idealization  A 1999 study showed that people in happy relationships spend five times as long talking about their sweetheart's good qualities as bad. As Robert Seidenberg said, "Love is a human religion in which another person is believed in."  Realism may be accurate, but it's our illusions that foretell our happiness in love. And the more crazy, the better. People who idealized their partner the most felt no decline in relationship satisfaction over a study of the first three years in marriage.  When researchers ask people in the throes of infatuation about their partner's downsides, they can recognize and identify the bad stuff  But they emotionally discount the negative: it's not a big deal. Or those flaws are even "charming." This attitude helps grease the wheels of a relationship”
“I must die. Must I then die lamenting? I must be put in chains. Must I then also lament? I must go into exile. Does any man then hinder me from going with smiles and cheerfulness and contentment?”
“How did your mom die?" she queried. “Her name was Megan Brimmer, and she had breast cancer. She passed away when I was twenty-three.”
“[Fireheart]mewed,"It's not my place to judge you." Greystripe looked up as Fireheart went on." Greystripe, whatever you decide to do, I will always be your friend.”
“  each gratification points to the ultimate one, and that all happiness has some connection with eternal beatitude. Some connection, if only this: that every fulfillment this side of Heaven instantly reveals its inadequacy. It is immediately evident that such satisfactions are not enough; they are not what we have really sought; they cannot really satisfy us at all.”
“Our ancestors derived less from life than we do, but they also expected much less and were less intent on controlling the future. We are of the arrogant generations who believe a lasting happiness was promised to us at birth. Promised? By whom?”
“Why are you looking outside when it is already inside you?”
“My happiness comes from the kindness of those around me.”
“It's very easy to find happiness. Just grab a bottle of your favorite drink, devour foods that give you so much comfort and stress-relief, go for a run (happy hormones), or watch an NBA championship game at ringside! It's as instant as microwaveable foods! But joy is a different thing. Joy takes time to build, but it's worth the time. And one of the best ways to find joy in life is by discovering and living out our purpose - the reason why we've been put on this Earth! There's something about being in one's purpose and living it out.”
“WE can learn to rejoice in even the smallest blessings our life holds. It is easy to miss our own good fortune; often happiness comes in ways we don’t even notice.”
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.”
“If your faith makes you feel inadequate, re-examine your relationship with your faith. Are you full of faith or are you fearful?”
“Sweetheart, happily ever after does exist, it’s just not what you think,” he said. “Happily ever after isn’t a solution to life’s problems or a guarantee that life will be easy; it’s a promise we make ourselves to always live our best lives, despite whatever circumstance comes our way. When we focus on joy in times of heartbreak, when we choose to laugh on the days it’s hard to smile, and when we count our blessings over our losses—that’s what a true happily ever after is all about. You don’t get there by being perfect; on the contrary, it’s our humanity that guides us. And that’s what fairy tales have been trying to teach us all along.”
“That's nice that she's so happy, I think. It's nice that anyone is capable of happiness, really. It's amazing that the human body can produce the neurochemicals required to feel joy. I am disappointed to have been served so little of those chemicals- but I am glad nonetheless that this old woman has enough dopamine, and oxytocin, and whatever else she needs to sustain that smile - despite the fact that her husband is dead, her teeth are probably fake, and all human life is fundamentally inconsequential.”
“Words are like seeds; what you plant in your mind grows and shapes your reality.”
“When our emotional health is in a bad state, so is our level of self-esteem. We have to slow down and deal with what is troubling us, so that we can enjoy the simple joy of being happy and at peace with ourselves.”
“You're telling me this now?' 'I got sidetracked,' he said, his eyes twinkling. And the light in those eyes, the quiet joy  They knocked the breath from me. A future- we would have a future together. I would have a future. A life. His smile faded into something awed, something  reverent, and I reached out to cup his face in my hands- To find my skin glowing. Faintly, as if some inner light shone beneath my skin, leaking out into the world. Warm and white light, like the sun- like a star. Those wonder-filled eyes met mine, and Rhys ran a finger down my arm. 'Well, at least now I can gloat that I literally make my mate glow with happiness.' I laughed, and the glow flared a little brighter. He leaned in, kissing me softly, and I melted for him, wrapping my arms around his neck.”
“The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.”
“What do you do when you don’t know what to do? Well, you can try fighting Life: You can kick around, scream, wallow in self-pity, anger, grief and guilt or you can hide in a metaphorical cave, choosing to live in denial and darkness. But none of those choices will help you. Over time, you will hate your Life even more than you ever did. That’s when you will realize the power of letting go, of going with the flow. When you don’t know what to do, simply trust the process of Life. That trusting, in the present continuous tense, is faith. The willingness to go where you have never been before, the humility to let go and allowing yourself to be led by the unknown, is faith. Now, your problems don’t necessarily disappear when you have faith. Your ability to deal with them improves magically, miraculously, though. And that is what faith does – it acts as a beacon of light, as a blessing, to keep you going through the darkness, to help you last – one day at a time.”
“Nearly every time we go to Travel Town together, I think, I've never been happier in all my life. Sometimes I say this aloud, be it to him or myself or the uncaring air. This is one of the things I've learned about happiness: when you feel it, it's good to say so. That way, if and when you say later in depression or despair, "I've just never been happy," there will be a trail of audible testimony in your wake indicating otherwise.”
“A withered maple leaf has left its branch and is falling to the ground; its movements resemble those of a butterfly in flight. Isn't it strange? The saddest and deadest of things is yet so like the gayest and most vital of creatures?”
“An act of kindness is a ripple that can create a wave of hope, touching the lives of countless others.”
“Across the ethereal realms, whether in heaven's embrace or amidst the trials of hell, my heart declared that it was her, and only her, who held the key to my happiness. In any corner of existence, be it heaven or hell, she was the beacon of light that guided my path, the solace that soothed my tormented soul.”
“Your unhappiness is the gap between what you feel you deserve and what you get.”
“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
“Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.”
“Drop the 'why' and ‘why me’ questions. Stop asking ‘why’ and ‘why me’ in the context of your Life situation. Then you will not suffer. The pain will be intense. But you will not suffer. You cannot avoid pain, but you can choose not to suffer. Suffering comes from asking 'why’, ‘why me'. Suffering always magnifies the pain. Choosing to be non-suffering does not take away the pain. But it helps immensely in coping with the pain.”
“You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.”
“Time is always right. If You're Happy.”
“Some people would rather live in a hell they've got used to than in a paradise they've never experienced before. ”
“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”
“Maybe that was the secret to happiness, I thought, being free of the responsibility of yourself.”
“Wait a second," Four says. I turn toward him, wondering which version of Four I'll see now-the one who scolds me, or the one who climbs Ferris wheels with me. He smiles a little, but the smile doesn't spread to his eyes, which look less tense and worried. "You belong here, you know that?" he says. "You belong with us. It'll be over soon, so just hold on, okay?" He scratches behind his ear and looks away, like he's embarrassed by what he said. I stare at him. I feel my heartbeat everywhere, even in my toes. I feel like doing something bold, but I could just as easily walk away. I am not sure which option is smarter, or better. I am not sure that I care. I reach out and take his hand. His fingers slide between mine. I can't breathe. I stare up at him, and he stares down at me. For a long moment, we stay that way. Then I pull my hand away and run after Uriah and Lynn and Marlene. Maybe now he thinks I'm stupid, or strange. Maybe it was worth it.”
“Some people have a talent for being happy and others appear to find unhappiness almost as if they sought it.”
“The universal symbol of happiness is a smile.”
“my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life  2 things you need  learn the art of love and practice it with your beloved one.”
“Can you be happy with the movies, and the ads, and the clothes in the stores, and the doctors, and the eyes as you walk down the street all telling you there is something wrong with you? No. You cannot be happy. Because, you poor darling baby, you believe them.”
“Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.”
“He will make you happy, Fanny; I know he will make you happy; but you will make him everything.”
“In his or her own way, everyone I saw before me looked happy. Whether they were really happy or just looked it, I couldn't tell. But they did look happy on this pleasant early afternoon in late September, and because of that I felt a kind of loneliness new to me, as if I were the only one here who was not truly part of the scene.”
“Cynicism is the calling card of unhappy people.”
“Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.”
“Up then, fair phoenix bride, frustrate the sun; Thyself from thine affection Takest warmth enough, and from thine eye All lesser birds will take their jollity. Up, up, fair bride, and call Thy stars from out their several boxes, take Thy rubies, pearls, and diamonds forth, and make Thyself a constellation of them all; And by their blazing signify That a great princess falls, but doth not die. Be thou a new star, that to us portends Ends of much wonder; and be thou those ends.”
“What tickles your soul?”
“I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else. Brian Sibley: Or brains even? Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind. If you're kind that's it.”
“I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.”
“It was the general opinion of ancient nations, that the divinity alone was adequate to the important office of giving laws to men  and modern nations, in the consecrations of kings, and in several superstitious chimeras of divine rights in princes and nobles, are nearly unanimous in preserving remnants of it  Is the jealousy of power, and the envy of superiority, so strong in all men, that no considerations of public or private utility are sufficient to engage their submission to rules for their own happiness? Or is the disposition to imposture so prevalent in men of experience, that their private views of ambition and avarice can be accomplished only by artifice? — … There is nothing in which mankind have been more unanimous; yet nothing can be inferred from it more than this, that the multitude have always been credulous, and the few artful. The United States of America have exhibited, perhaps, the first example of governments erected on the simple principles of nature: and if men are now sufficiently enlightened to disabuse themselves of artifice, imposture, hypocrisy, and superstition, they will consider this event as an era in their history. Although the detail of the formation of the American governments is at present little known or regarded either in Europe or America, it may hereafter become an object of curiosity. It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service had any interviews with the gods, or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven, any more than those at work upon ships or houses, or labouring in merchandize or agriculture: it will for ever be acknowledged that these governments were contrived merely by the use of reason and the senses. As Copley painted Chatham, West, Wolf, and Trumbull, Warren and Montgomery; as Dwight, Barlow, Trumbull, and Humphries composed their verse, and Belknap and Ramzay history; as Godfrey invented his quadrant, and Rittenhouse his planetarium; as Boylston practised inoculation, and Franklin electricity; as Paine exposed the mistakes of Raynal, and Jefferson those of Buffon , so unphilosophically borrowed from the Recherches Philosophiques sur les Américains those despicable dreams of de Pauw — neither the people, nor their conventions, committees, or sub-committees, considered legislation in any other light than ordinary arts and sciences, only as of more importance. Called without expectation, and compelled without previous inclination, though undoubtedly at the best period of time both for England and America, to erect suddenly new systems of laws for their future government, they adopted the method of a wise architect, in erecting a new palace for the residence of his sovereign. They determined to consult Vitruvius, Palladio, and all other writers of reputation in the art; to examine the most celebrated buildings, whether they remain entire or in ruins; compare these with the principles of writers; and enquire how far both the theories and models were founded in nature, or created by fancy: and, when this should be done, as far as their circumstances would allow, to adopt the advantages, and reject the inconveniences, of all. Unembarrassed by attachments to noble families, hereditary lines and successions, or any considerations of royal blood, even the pious mystery of holy oil had no more influence than that other of holy water: the people universally were too enlightened to be imposed on by artifice; and their leaders, or more properly followers, were men of too much honour to attempt it. Thirteen governments thus founded on the natural authority of the people alone, without a pretence of miracle or mystery, which are destined to spread over the northern part of that whole quarter of the globe, are a great point gained in favour of the rights of mankind. [ Preface to 'A Defence of the Constitutions of the United States of America', 1787 ]”
“How can I tell Bob that my happiness streams from having wrenched a piece out of my life, a piece of hurt and beauty, and transformed it to typewritten words on paper? How can he know I am justifying my life, my keen emotions, my feeling, by turning it into print?”
“The sage is sick of being sick (Tao Te Ching)”
“Life goes on, and others replace the dead. Death changes nothing.”
“Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.”
“Let your joys lift you, for they are the precious reminder of all that is good.”
“Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.”
“The happiness you feel is in direct proportion to the love you give.”
“Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!”
“Sometimes you have to get sad before you get happy 'cause otherwise how would you know the difference?”
“You and your purpose in life are the same thing. Your purpose is to be you.”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.”
“The flower replied: you fool! Do you imagine I blossom in order to be seen? I blossom for my own sake because it pleases me, not for the sake of others. My joy consists in my being and my blossoming.”
“Once we got to eating, the idea of happiness returned to me. Not the feeling, the idea. Would a regular girl be happy simply eating a hot meal with a great deal of chew to it? Maybe happiness is a simple thing. Maybe it's as simple as the salty taste of pork, and the vast deal of chewing in it, and how, when the chew is gone, you can still scrape at the bone with your bottom teeth and suck at the marrow.”
“Because children grow up, we think a child's purpose is to grow up. But a child's purpose is to be a child. Nature doesn't disdain what lives only for a day. It pours the whole of itself into the each moment. We don't value the lily less for not being made of flint and built to last. Life's bounty is in its flow, later is too late. Where is the song when it's been sung? The dance when it's been danced? It's only we humans who want to own the future, too. We persuade ourselves that the universe is modestly employed in unfolding our destination. We note the haphazard chaos of history by the day, by the hour, but there is something wrong with the picture. Where is the unity, the meaning, of nature's highest creation? Surely those millions of little streams of accident and wilfulness have their correction in the vast underground river which, without a doubt, is carrying us to the place where we're expected! But there is no such place, that's why it's called utopia. The death of a child has no more meaning than the death of armies, of nations. Was the child happy while he lived? That is a proper question, the only question. If we can't arrange our own happiness, it's a conceit beyond vulgarity to arrange the happiness of those who come after us.”
“Wrath springs only from thwarted desires. I do not expect anything from others, so their actions cannot be in opposition to wishes of mine. I would not use you for my own ends; I am happy only in your own true happiness.”
“count no man happy until he be dead.”
“The best way to have people laugh with you and not at you, is to get ahead of them and laugh at yourself first.”
“Smartass Disciple: Master, what is the secret recipe of your happiness? Master of Stupidity: If I tell you, there is nobody left to be made fun of.”
“You have to be willing to get happy about nothing.”
“Men spend their lives in anticipations,—in determining to be vastly happy at some period when they have time. But the present time has one advantage over every other—it is our own. Past opportunities are gone, future have not come. We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer the tasting of them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age.”
“This isn't about strength," I told him. "It's about who you're choosing to make happy.”
“If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness.”
“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
“Why should I laugh?' asked the old man. 'Madness in youth is true wisdom. Go, young man, follow your dream, and if you do not find the happiness that you seek, at any rate you will have had the happiness of seeking it.”
“We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.”
“The terrible thing, the almost impossible thing, is to hand over your whole self—all your wishes and precautions—to Christ. But it is far easier than what we are all trying to do instead. For what we are trying to do is to remain what we call ‘ourselves’, to keep personal happiness as our great aim in life, and yet at the same time be ‘good’. We are all trying to let our mind and heart go their own way—centred on money or pleasure or ambition—and hoping, in spite of this, to behave honestly and chastely and humbly. And that is exactly what Christ warned us you could not do. As He said, a thistle cannot produce figs. If I am a field that contains nothing but grass-seed, I cannot produce wheat. Cutting the grass may keep it short: but I shall still produce grass and no wheat. If I want to produce wheat, the change must go deeper than the surface. I must be ploughed up and re-sown.”
“There is no eleventh hour with Cosmic Ordering, only the golden hour.”
“There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.”
“Reflecting on how you want to be remembered after you are gone, is a good way to make informed and intelligent choices about how you want to live the rest of your Life.”
“Happiness is not a sin, so let’s spread our wings and prepare to be lucky. ("C’est quand le bonheur ?")”
“The brisk wind, flowing river, rocky mountains, dense forest, and blue sky all contribute to my deep understanding of life.”
“It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.”
“Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes”
“He went to the church, and walked about the streets, and watched the people hurrying to and for, and patted the children on the head, and questioned beggars, and looked down into the kitchens of homes, and up to the windows, and found that everything could yield him pleasure. He had never dreamed of any walk, that anything, could give him so much happiness. (p. 119)”
“It will hurt." said Petra. "But let's make the most of what we have, and not let future pain ruin present happiness.”
“I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.”
“Loneliness Psychology (No-Nonsense Sonnet) Being happy alone is no sign of genius, It is either narcissism or hypocrisy. You've got to be extremely selfish, To be happy without human company. If your heart is alive and human, Loneliness will cause you misery. It's only the self-absorbed animal, Who don't need people to be happy. It's okay if you are alone and miserable, It is but a healthy mind's healthy reaction. Do not romanticize it with phony philosophy, For derangement starts with self-deception. Fact of the matter is - I suffer, therefore I am. Life is but a cosmic dance between dusk and dawn.”
“Wake up to a world full of smiles.”
“Everyone had to carve a life out of the same legacy: half universal, half particular; half sharpened by relentless natural selection, half softened by the freedom of chance.”
“By letting go of the past, focusing on the present, and creating a brighter future, we can live a life full of happiness, fulfillment, and success.”
“Many people worship money like it’s their God. It’s not! If they worship God like they do money, they would find more happiness and joy in their life then they could possibly imagine. There's a constant blue sky feeling, waiting, something money can't buy. Amen.”
“There is no such thing as escape after all, only an exchange of one set of difficulties for another. It wasn't Mark or the farm or marriage I was trying to shake loose from but my own imperfect self, and even if I kept moving, she would dog me all the way around the world, forever.”
“Tamlin's eyes were so green- green like the meadows of his estate. A shade that washed away the memories flooding through me, that pushed aside the evil breaking me apart bone by bone. I screamed again as my kneecaps strained, threatening to crack in two, but I saw that enchanted forest, saw that afternoon we'd lain in the grass, saw that morning we'd watched the sunrise, when for a moment- just one moment- I'd known true happiness.”
“ the Puritans compressed whatever mirth and public joy they deemed allowable to human infirmity; thereby so far dispelling the customary cloud, that, for the space of a single holiday, they appeared scarcely more grave than most other communities at a period of general affliction.”
“Let us dare to dream and shoot for the moon. Even if we don’t fetch the moon, a million stars may fill us with wonder. ("Happiness blowing in the wind")”
“Sadness is not the beginning or end of a process, but the lag between pleasure and happiness.”
“I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.”
“ anticipation of happiness can sometimes be as gratifying as its consummation.”
“You can be certain that the religion of love accepts everyone.”
“I'm not "happy" but I'm not unhappy about it.”
“Happiness is the potential of sharing destiny and letting loose. We may see it burgeoning in the curve of a sensitive vibe and growing into a swinging outline if we can listen to the rustling silence in the foliage of expectations. ("New York at arm's length of desire")”
“The belief that unhappiness is selfless and happiness is selfish is misguided. It's more selfless to act happy. It takes energy, generosity, and discipline to be unfailingly lighthearted, yet everyone takes the happy person for granted. No one is careful of his feelings or tries to keep his spirits high. He seems self-sufficient; he becomes a cushion for others. And because happiness seems unforced, that person usually gets no credit.”
“Nobody can give you happiness than yourself.”
“These  things, householder, are welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world: Long life is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world. Beauty is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world. Happiness is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world. Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.  Now, I tell you, these  things are not to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes. If they were to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes, who here would lack them? It's not fitting for the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life to pray for it or to delight in doing so. Instead, the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life should follow the path of practice leading to long life. In so doing, he will attain long life  [ Ittha Sutta, AN 5.43 ]”
“Birds never know if the sun will rise, yet they sing everyday right before dawn. And sure enough the sun emerges, defeating the most ominous mourn.”
“When you weren’t always worrying about how to pay for your life, you could actually take a beat to enjoy it.”
“I don't want anyone to look to me, not for protection, not for happiness, not for love, not for anything.”
“The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting.”
“When I looked at you, I fell for that beautiful curve of yours. Your smile.”
“If you want to sing, you sing without considering who is listening or what they might think.”
“Love, say what you want, do what you can, hope for the best, and surrender the rest.”
“There is a fine line between compassion and a victim mentality. Compassion though is a healing force and comes from a place of kindness towards yourself. Playing the victim is a toxic waste of time that not only repels other people, but also robs the victim of ever knowing true happiness.”
“If I die very young, hear this: I was never anything but a kid playing. I was a heathen like the sun and the water, I had the universal religion only people don’t have. I was happy because I didn’t ask for anything at all, Or tried to find anything, And I didn’t find any more explanation Than the word explanation having no meaning at all.”
“I've stopped preoccupying myself with the idea that my happiness is dependent on whatever might lie ahead in the future (in this case, buying a house). Contentment within my home is something I can find now - but only if I allow myself to actually appreciate the act of real living. Contentment within your home is something you can find now, not in a far-off home-owning future.”
“Stop wasting your time looking for the key to happiness… the door is open and unlocked… just walk through it.”
“Love is the energy of life.”
“Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.”
“I just wanted to write to tell you that I have been happy during these months together, that I have never been so happy, and that I already know I will never be so happy again.”
“If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.”
“Humanity does not ask us to be happy. It merely asks us to be brilliant on its behalf.”
“Happiness doesn’t need a luxury place; it needs happy heart ”
“Many people think excitement is happiness . But when you are excited you are not peaceful. True happiness is based on peace.”
“Call no man happy, said Shadow, until he is dead”
“Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.”
“Love your life. That's a direct route to something people used to call "happiness".”
“Man is fond of reckoning up his troubles, but does not count his joys. If he counted them up as he ought, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it.”
“The history of your happiness is the history of your feeling connected.”
“Don’t feel bad about feeling bad. Don’t be frightened of feeling afraid. Don’t be angry about getting angry. There is no need to give up when we are feeling depressed. Nor should we be dismayed at the grief which often accompanies the outgrowing of anything which needs outgrowing. We can be glad that our soul is speaking to us and pushing us onwards. We frequently need to persevere with a period of inner turmoil before the dust can settle and be swept out the door.”
“But I am king. And the well-being of my kingdom depends on my sound judgment and clear head. And those things depend on my state of happiness. And I have known for a long time that my state of happiness depends on you.”
“Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness and the happiness of others.”
“People tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will descend like fine weather if you're fortunate. But happiness is the result of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly.”
“When you have a choice and you must say ‘no’, say ‘no’. Don’t say ‘yes’ in such circumstances, just to please others. When you choose to say ‘no’ to what makes you unhappy, you are actually making a decision to be happy.”
“Outside, she thought that there ought to be a word for it: the air temperature that was perfectly neither hot nor cold. One degree lower, and she might have felt a faint misgiving about not having brought a jacket. One degree higher, and a skim of sweat might have glistened at her hairline. But at this precise degree, she required neither wrap nor breeze. Were there a word for such a temperature, there would have to be a corollary for the particular ecstasy of greeting it - the heedlessness, the needlessness, the suspended lack of urgency, as if time could stop, or should. Usually temperature was a battle; only at this exact fulcrum was it an active delight.”
“Ink runs from the corners of my mouth. There is no happiness like mine. I have been eating poetry.”
“When you give up, you close the door on opportunities you may not have realised existed.”
“If you look at nature closely, you will notice miracles all around you.”
“People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.”
“The human smile derives from the nervous grin found in other primates. We employ it when there is a potential for conflict, something we are always worried about even under the friendliest circumstances. We bring flowers or a bottle of wine when we are invading other people’s home territory, and we greet each other by waving an open hand, a gesture thought to originate from showing that we carry no weapons. But the smile remains our main tool to improve the mood. Copying another’s smile makes everyone happier, or as Louis Armstrong sang: “When you’re smiling, the whole world smiles with you.”
“Like happiness, peace is not a destination but a state of mind one must achieve no matter how tumultuous their situation is.”
“Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfilment.”
“By becoming interested in the cause, we are less likely to dislike the effect.”
“I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“She was happy, yes, in her own way, as best as she knew. But there’s a difference between a single candle in darkness and a sunrise.”
“Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good company, good conversation, are the happiest people in the world.”
“We're all pieces of the same ever-changing puzzle; some connected for mere seconds, some connected for life, some connected through knowledge, some through belief, some connected through wisdom, some through Love, and some connected with no explanation at all. Yet, as spiritual beings having a human experience, we're all here for the sensations this reality or illusion has to offer. The best anyone can hope for is the right to be able to Live, Learn, Love then Leave. After that, reap the benefits of their own chosen existence in the hereafter by virtue of simply believing in what they believe. As for here, it took me a while but this progression helped me with my life: "I like myself. I Love myself. I am myself.”
“They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.”
“I am very happy Because I have conquered myself And not the world. I am very happy Because I have loved the world And not myself.”
“The Comfort Zone is not a static place. In fact, if we allow it, our Comfort Zone will continually grow and expand. It is always becoming more.”
“Happiness was still on the other side of a glass door, but at least she could see it through the glass, like a prisoner being visited by a longed-for loved one.”
“We are a noisy and blessed little family”
“Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're supposed to take. But if there was one thing she'd learned in the past few weeks, it was that sometimes, when you're really lucky, you meet someone with a map.”
“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”
“The first sure symptom of a mind in health Is rest of heart and pleasure felt at home.”
“ with a rush of feeling he felt that this must be happiness. As soon as the thought came to him, he fought it back, blaming the whiskey. The very idea was as dangerous as presumptive speech: happiness could not be sought or worried into being, or even fully grasped; it should be allowed its own slow pace so that it passes unnoticed, if it ever comes at all.”
“That’s the thing about love It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person”
“…Elizabeth, agitated and confused, rather knew that she was happy, than felt herself to be so…”
“Happiness is not the absence of sorrow, happiness is the capacity to overcome sorrow.”
“The notion that a human being should be constantly happy is a uniquely modern, uniquely American, uniquely destructive idea.”
“You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.”
“The basic mistake people make is to think that happiness is the goal!”
“No man is happy who does not think himself so.”
“Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”
“You have to appreciate where you have come from to know who you are in the present and whom you would like to be in the future.”
“Happiness is not in things; happiness is in you.”
“I wonder if people always choose what will make them unhappy.”
“These fucking women really piss me off,' April said. 'Because instead of being elated by the thought of making their own happiness and chasing some crazy dream, all they want to do is narrow their options and do something safe.”
“The more we notice, the more we can enjoy.”
“Where else," I will say, "does an old turtle crossing the path Make all the difference in the world?”
“And Nedley started saying,'Shut Up!Quit that! And i knew it really meant something to him. So I asked for his help,"Mark said. "Don't tell the story like that," Nedley laughed. "What he said was 'Quit pretendin you're a bad guy I need your help, and I need it now!”
“Someday you will find out that there is far more happiness in another’s happiness than in your own.”
“A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good ”
“You cannot be with someone just because you don’t want to hurt him. You have your own happiness to think about.”
“As we drove off into the moonless night, raindrops danced through our headlights like the fireflies of my childhood. I silently cursed the frailty of happiness and doubted whether it ever existed for me. I could remember happier times, though, and those memories fluttered about my mind like fireflies, beckoning with their elusive splendor. But chasing memories held no more promise than catching fireflies. The pursued feelings either vanished or lost their magic upon examination, hardly the green-glowing beauty seen at a distance. So I looked ahead of me and dreamed on into the darkness, hoping to one day find someone who would love me.”
“It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.”
“If one were to build the house of happiness, the largest space would be the waiting room.”
“It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. ”
“Friendship is thinking of the other person first.”
“Psychiatrist: If you make yourself anxious to gain attention, someone will give you attention. Then you get comfortable, and the other person will as well. But after that, you feel despair again. Despite your intentions, you start thinking, If I’m happy then this person will stop paying attention to me, which naturally leads to you trying to avoid becoming happy at all costs.”
“It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”
“Move on. Be well. Go for it!”
“As the poet says, all happy couples are alike, it's the unhappy ones who create the stories. I'm no longer a story. Happiness has made me fade into real life.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“My dear children, perhaps you won’t understand what I am saying to you, because I often speak very unintelligibly, but you’ll remember it all the same and will agree with my words some time. You must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory, especially a memory of childhood, of home. People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good, sacred memory, preserved from childhood, is perhaps the best education. If a man carries many such memories with him into life, he is safe to the end of his days, and if one has only one good memory left in one’s heart, even that may sometime be the means of saving us.”
“Don't look to a husband or a child or a friend or your family to make you happy. It is not within their capacity to do so.”
“There is no such thing as a perfectly happy or perfectly unhappy man in the world. One has more happiness in his life and another more unhappiness, and the same circumstance may produce widely different effects on individuals of different temperaments.”
“The hardest thing about depression is that it is addictive. It begins to feel uncomfortable not to be depressed. You feel guilty for feeling happy.”
“The more people I meet the happier I become.”
“Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.”
“Zakath stared at the floor. 'I suddenly feel very helpless,' he admitted, 'and I don't like the feeling. I've been rather effectively dethroned, you know. This morning I was the Emperor of the largest nation on earth; this afternoon, I'm going to be a vagabond.' You might find it refreshing,' Silk told him lightly. Shut up, Kheldar,' Zakath said almost absently. He looked back at Polgara. 'You know something rather peculiar?' What's that?' Even if I hadn't given my word, I'd still have to go to Kell. It's almost like a compulsion. I feel as if I'm being driven, and my driver is a blindfolded girl who's hardly more than a child.' There are rewards,' she told him. Such as what?' Who knows? Happiness, perhaps.' He laughed ironically. 'Happiness has never been a driving ambition of mine, Lady Polgara, not for a long time now.' You may have to accept it anyway,' She smiled. 'We aren't allowed to choose our rewards any more than we are our tasks. Those decisions are made for us.”
“Well, if I asked people whether they believed in life, they'd never understand what I meant. It's a bad question. It can mean so much that it really means nothing. So I ask them if they believe in God. And if they say they do -- then, I know they don't believe in life. Because, you see, God—whatever anyone chooses to call God—is one's highest conception of the highest possible. And whoever places his highest conception above his own possibility thinks very little of himself and his life. It's a rare gift, you know, to feel reverence for your own life and to want the best, the greatest, the highest possible, here, now, for your very own. To imagine a heaven and then not to dream of it, but to demand it.”
“Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!”
“We are all searching for happiness consciously or unconsciously. Happiness is the goal of life. Not only human being are searching for happiness, but trees, flowers, animals, birds and rocks. The whole existence is searching for happiness. Only man is conscious enough to penetrate into the ultimate mystery of life. But not all man, because few people are really conscious. The majority of people live in unconsciousness. Meditation is the process of transforming unconsciousness into consciousness. Meditation is the only way to give you a glimpse and an experience into your consciousness. Meditation is the only way to give you a glimpse that you are something much more .And the moment that the first glimpse happens your first window to life opens. And your life becomes a joy. ”
“Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.”
“I’ve never been happier in my whole life.” I leave it at that. Underneath all that happy, she sure doesn’t look happy.”
“As contraries are known by contraries, so is the delights of presence best known by the torments of absence.”
“Happy girls are the prettiest”
“Happiness is good health and a bad memory.”
“The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.”
“If I am destined to be happy with you here—how short is the longest Life—I wish to believe in immortality—I wish to live with you for ever.”
“Now some of you will say that the two are one and the same - happiness and joy - but this is not so. Happiness is a feeling. Happiness is fleeting, dependent on the moment, the circumstances, even the weather. Joy is transcendent, enduring, and, in the biblical context, is not an emotion. Joy is an attitude of the heart. Joy brings us peace, a refuge in the midst of troubles. God gives us joy through His Spirit. But the enemy tries to steal your joy and give you temporary happiness instead. Now, is there anything wrong with being happy? Nee, but it cannot last. So, you may wonder why I bring up the difference between these two - it is simple really. [ ] marriage is sacred before the Lord, a decision for a lifetime, but too often I think young people look upon it as a source of happiness. Do not look at marriage this way. See it as a reservoir of joy, a deep, welling spring that endures the icy blast of temper, the bite of an angry word, the void of loneliness in a heart hungry for talk when there is no response. [ ] Seek joy in each other, not happiness.”
“One can discover true bliss in nature’s stillness.”
“Happiness simply cannot be relied upon as a measure of success.”
“There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations.”
“Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.”
“Every time I admire nature, I wish I could just disappear into it.”
“People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat--that's the only moral they know.”
“It will not end well,' Madoc says. 'But I will not stand in front of your happiness. I will not even stand in front of misery that you choose for yourself.”
“Did you know there are three palaces at Versailles? How many does one family need when thousands have no homes? I don’t approve of what those women did, but I understand why they did it. Perhaps one day, I’ll have to do something like it—to feed my son.”
“Too often being happy means being passive or playing it safe. There's no skill required in happiness, no strength of character, nothing extraordinary. Its discontent that drives creation the most--passion, desire, defiance. Revolutions don't come from a place of happiness. If anything, I think it's sadness, or discontent at least, that's at the root of everything beautiful.”
“There's little of the melancholy element in her, my lord: she is never sad but when she sleeps; and not ever sad then; for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamt of unhappiness, and waked herself with laughing.”
“Are you for real? I was asked this question at a recent physics conference after my brief dissertation on the origin- and purpose of motion. The answer is simply this. We are all the same real. It is just that it isn't really good to be alone which is why we, the real, are here.”
“But pearls are for tears, the old legend says," Gilbert had objected. "I'm not afraid of that. And tears can be happy as well as sad. My very happiest moments have been when I had tears in my eyes—when Marilla told me I might stay at Green Gables—when Matthew gave me the first pretty dress I ever had—when I heard that you were going to recover from the fever. So give me pearls for our troth ring, Gilbert, and I'll willingly accept the sorrow of life with its joy." -Anne”
“There is a preppy wabi-sabi to soft, faded khakis and cotton shirts, but it's not nice to be surrounded by things that are worn out or stained or used up.”
“And me, standing under the splintered night, catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black, hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night. Its voice cracks, on your name. My eyes close, on your name.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
“Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.”
“The green thumb is equable in the face of nature's uncertainties; he moves among her mysteries without feeling the need for control or explanations or once-and-for-all solutions. To garden well is to be happy amid the babble of the objective world, untroubled by its refusal to be reduced by our ideas of it, its indomitable rankness.”
“Life is so short. The only person you hurt when you stay angry or hold grudges is you. Forgive everyone, including yourself.”
“Julia was as happy as Betsy was, almost. One nice thing about Julia was that she rejoiced in other people's luck.”
“We are all doomed to seek our own happiness; we can't help ourselves. We are all, the cruel and the gentle alike, condemned to seeking that happiness in the dark. We use our need as the blind use a walking stick, to determine the safety of every forward step. ”
“Rainbows will always leave me wanting to see more.”
“Happiness. It was the place where passion, with all its dazzle and drumbeat, met something softer: homecoming and safety and pure sunbeam comfort. It was all those things, intertwined with the heat and the thrill, and it was as bright within her as a swallowed star.”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”
“I don’t need you to take care of me. I just need you to be happy.” “I know you don’t, but a partner is supposed to be able to take care of their significant other. And being happy isn’t that simple.” “Being happy is the simplest thing there is. You just have to let yourself. You just have to tell yourself you deserve to be,”
“Your emotional energy is a function of what you are trying to extract from the present moment — perfection or happiness? ”
“Would you not marry even for love?" "Love does not seem to bring anyone much happiness as far as I have observed. So I think the lesson learned is never to love." "The lesson is to love wisely," he replied.”
“No beating yourself up. That’s not allowed. Be patient with yourself. It took you years to form the bad habits of thought that you no longer want. It will take a little time to form new and better ones. But I promise you this: Even a slight move in this direction will bring you some peace. The more effort you apply to it, the faster you’ll find your bliss, but you’ll experience rewards immediately.”
“Most sane people feel happy way less often than they act happy.”
“An ordinary man can surround himself with two thousand books and thenceforward have at least one place in the world in which it is always possible to be happy.”
“Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right.”
“Every year I live I am more convinced that the waste of life lies in the love we have not given, the powers we have not used, the selfish prudence which will risk nothing, and which, shirking pain, misses happiness as well.”
“The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.”
“Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment  Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.”
“The Anatomy of Conflict: If there is no communication then there is no respect. If there is no respect then there is no caring. If there is no caring then there is no understanding. If there is no understanding then there is no compassion. If there is no compassion then there is no empathy. If there is no empathy then there is no forgiveness. If there is no forgiveness then there is no kindness. If there is no kindness then there is no honesty. If there is no honesty then there is no love. If there is no love then God doesn't reside there. If God doesn't reside there then there is no peace. If there is no peace then there is no happiness. If there is no happiness ----then there IS CONFLICT BECAUSE THERE IS NO COMMUNICATION!”
“Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)”
“I tell myself that I want to live a happy life, and that the circumstances for happiness just haven't arisen. But what if that's not true? What if I'm the one who can't let myself be happy? Because I'm scared, or I prefer to wallow in self-pity, or I don't believe I deserve good things, or some other reason. Whenever something good happens to me I always find myself thinking: I wonder how long it will be until this turns out badly. And I almost want the worst to happen sooner, sooner rather than later, and if possibile straight away, so at least I don't have to feel anxious about it anymore.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“Happiness is never there to stay [ ] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.”
“When you believe others' truths, you are setting a boundary around you. Believe in yourself; stay free”
“Yes, dance IS a party, Parker thought. It was her outsides celebrating the way she felt on her insides.”
“Hell and heaven exist in the present moment. Stop worrying about heaven because they are both present right now.”
“I NEVER UNDERSTOOD THE POINT OF BEING SAD WHEN I COULD CHOOSE TO BE HAPPY”
“I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a”
“She laughed. 'It won't last. Nothing lasts. But I'm happy now.' 'Happy,' I muttered, trying to pin the word down. But it is one of those words, like Love, that I have never quite understood. Most people who deal in words don't have much faith in them and I am no exception--especially the big ones like Happy and Love and Honest and Strong. They are too elusive and far too relative when you compare them to sharp, mean little words like Punk and Cheap and Phony. I feel at home with these, because they're scrawny and easy to pin, but the big ones are tough and it takes either a priest or a fool to use them with any confidence.”
“Most sane human beings’ chances of being alive in a thousand years’ time are a hundred times higher than their chances of being sincerely happy for at least ten consecutive days.”
“Simply go outside and have fun. The most abundant source of happiness is nature.”
“ Happiness So early it's still almost dark out. I'm near the window with coffee, and the usual early morning stuff that passes for thought. When I see the boy and his friend walking up the road to deliver the newspaper. They wear caps and sweaters, and one boy has a bag over his shoulder. They are so happy they aren't saying anything, these boys. I think if they could, they would take each other's arm. It's early in the morning, and they are doing this thing together. They come on, slowly. The sky is taking on light, though the moon still hangs pale over the water. Such beauty that for a minute death and ambition, even love, doesn't enter into this. Happiness. It comes on unexpectedly. And goes beyond, really, any early morning talk about it.”
“The old man slowly raised himself from the piano stool, fixed those cheerful blue eyes piercingly and at the same time with unimaginable friendliness upon him, and said: "Making music together is the best way for two people to become friends. There is none easier. That is a fine thing. I hope you and I shall remain friends. Perhaps you too will learn how to make fugues, Joseph.”
“Happiness consists in always aspiring perfection, the pause in any level in perfection is the pause of happiness”
“I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”
“I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.”
“It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.”
“Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.”
“There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.”
“You have gained a new source of enjoyment, and it is well to have as many holds upon happiness as possible.”
“Your first purpose is to find a purpose for yourself. And your second purpose must not immediately be trying to reach that purpose you found but to investigate thoroughly whether that purpose is really necessary for yourself or whether it is worth at all to struggle for it! Because millions are fighting for a purpose which will in no way make them happy at the end!”
“It is sometimes easier to be happy if you don't know everything.”
“disputing nothing is the first step through the difficult door of happiness”
“Look, no matter how much you want to be Y, you cannot be reborn as him. You are not Y. It's okay for you to be you. However, I am not saying it's fine to be 'just as you are'. If you are unable to really feel happy, then it's clear that things aren't right just as they are. You've got to put one foot in front of the other, and not stop.”
“I asked my heart, the meaning of Happiness. I found my Soul, walking along its route long before my Mind had known. Because Happiness simply tastes like Love in a bottle of galloping Moments, nimbly fleeting yet wonderfully etched in Time's bosom of Never-ending Smile.”
“Happy are those who evolve from within.”
“Hope Smiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier' ”
“This idea of perpetual happiness is crazy and overrated, because those dark moments fuel you for the next bright moments; each one helps you appreciate the other.”
“If you like a job, even if you are tired, you would still be happy! [Chen Shi]”
“Success is not a stamp of approval given by others.”
“Learn to love someone when they least deserve it, because that is when they need your love most.”
“Marriage is just a piece of paper if it's not a happy one.”
“Everyone knew as much as they needed to know to be happy.”
“Pay attention to how you are feeling. If it hurts more than it feels right, it is most likely not the right direction. If you feel happy and motivated, it is most likely the right path. You get to choose what thoughts to think. You get to choose who you let get under your skin. Remember people can only treat you one way, the way you allow them to. Don't let anyone drain your energy. It's your responsibility to take care of your feelings and thoughts. Own your words and attitude. Choose the better feeling emotions. Be kind and understanding even in the hardest times. It will help you.”
“Socrates- he believed that happiness comes not from bodily pleasures or wealth or power, but from living a life that's right for your soul.”
“At some point in the night she had a dream. Or it was possible that she was partially awake, and was only remembering a dream? She was alone among the rocks on a dark coast beside the sea. The water surged upward and fell back languidly, and in the distance she heard surf breaking slowly on a sandy shore. It was comforting to be this close to the surface of the ocean and gaze at the intimate nocturnal details of its swelling and ebbing. And as she listened to the faraway breakers rolling up onto the beach, she became aware of another sound entwined with the intermittent crash of waves: a vast horizontal whisper across the bossom of the sea, carrying an ever-repeated phrase, regular as a lighthouse flashing: Dawn will be breaking soon. She listened a long time: again and again the scarcely audible words were whispered across the moving water. A great weight was being lifted slowly from her; little by little her happiness became more complete, and she awoke. Then she lay for a few minutes marveling the dream, and once again fell asleep.”
“Happiness only real when shared.”
“And for a moment for a split second everything else falls away, the whole pattern and order of my life, and a huge joy crests in my chest. I am no one, and I owe nothing to anybody, and my life is my own.”
“Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.”
“We would do ourselves a tremendous favor by letting go of the people who poison our spirit.”
“I'll never wake up in a good mood again. I'm tired of these stinky boots”
“ the face has limited space. My mother used to say, if you fill your face with laughing, there will be no more room for crying.”
“The universe never complains. When you're wrong or right, She always loves and cares, She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light, Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgets To show you the light.”
“Your good deeds will be a source of happiness, your bad deeds will cause misery. ‌ ‌”
“The essence of life lies in finding your way through every trouble with poise.”
“He had awoken too late for happiness, but not for strength, and could feel an austere joy, as of a warrior who is homeless but stands fully armed.”
“Hope is a dream of which we long to have. Don't let anyone ever tell you that you can't hope for something because hope brings joy and joy brings happiness and its all tied up in a big ball of love.”
“If you don't find your happiness in God, you won't find it elsewhere.”
“If you can't trust someone, that does not mean you start doubting them. ”
“Inner peace is the new wealth; kindness is the new strength.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Happiness isn't always easy," he'd said. "But it's a priority.”
“I'm glad I learned that I'm rich, before I had money.”
“But the happiest people are the ones who understand that good things occur when one allows them to.”
“You cannot settle and be happy.”
“You & Your voice hold a value… Your hurt & scars do Pain, Your happiness is meant to shine… Don’t let yourself go in Vain. Please yourself before pleasing others, You ain’t a possession of anyone, Your life is for you to choose, it will be your fate.”
“It was a question of happiness, she reminded herself, another chance to replace death with joy and hope.”
“I'm not in pursuit of happiness, I'm happiness in pursuit; ready to happen everywhere I go.”
“The road is long, we carry on, try to have fun in the meantime.”
“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
“A week feels like a year when you’re seventeen and in love. A twenty minute drive might as well be an ocean. But we were together again and the whole world was rejoicing, even the gravel crunched melodiously under our feet as we danced onward through the night.”
“Though the physical appearance changes, the soul remains constant. In this way, everything changes around us, but nothing ever changes. The essence was always the same.”
“Give Happiness, Patience, kindness, and Care, and the PAIN goes away. Then only LOVE remains ”
“I think people would be happier if they admitted things more often. In a sense we are all prisoners of some memory, or fear, or disappointment - we are all defined by something we can’t change.”
“What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature’s course.”
“Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.”
“Happiness is the ability to be non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering despite the circumstances. This is an art. And you learn this art by learning to train your mind.”
“May your day be filled with joy with a sprinkling of positivity on top.”
“The happiness of a family is such a complex matter. Like a table laid out with a tea service, it looks so ordinary until it's threatened. Then it becomes infinitely precious.”
“When you are stressed on mind to pour it out, is the behaviour, most kind!”
“2 + 2 doesn’t always add up to 4 in Life. Integrity and hard work, for instance, don’t always deliver (worldly) success no matter how talented you are. Which is why faith and patience are critical on the journey. So, trust the process of Life. And be patient. Over time, you will learn to love the Life that you have. And, eventually, what you want will flow to you, on its own.”
“Happy people don’t compare themselves with others. If they like something in another person, it inspires them to do something a little different in themselves. They don’t waste energy on jealousy.”
“You start dying slowly if you do not travel, if you do not read, If you do not listen to the sounds of life, If you do not appreciate yourself. You start dying slowly When you kill your self-esteem; When you do not let others help you. You start dying slowly If you become a slave of your habits, Walking everyday on the same paths… If you do not change your routine, If you do not wear different colours Or you do not speak to those you don’t know. You start dying slowly If you avoid to feel passion And their turbulent emotions; Those which make your eyes glisten And your heart beat fast. You start dying slowly If you do not change your life when you are not satisfied with your job, or with your love, If you do not risk what is safe for the uncertain, If you do not go after a dream, If you do not allow yourself, At least once in your lifetime, To run away from sensible advice.”
“We’re young, we’re not monsters, no fools: we’ll conquer happiness for ourselves.”
“Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.”
“Joy is distinctly a Christian word and a Christian thing. It is the reverse of happiness. Happiness is the result of what happens of an agreeable sort. Joy has its spring deep down inside. And that spring never runs dry, no matter what happens. Only Jesus gives that joy.”
“Everyone who is not happy must be shot.”
“Ever since I first opened my eyes I have only seen struggle & strive The day I'll land in his arms, It'll be the first day of my Life!”
“Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly if there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?”
“Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don’t, you will leak away your innate contentment. It’s easy enough to pray when you’re in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.”
“Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.”
“To be stupid, and selfish, and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness - though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.”
“Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration.”
“Relationships: If you put up with it, you’re going to end up with it. Set the standard you want and don’t settle for less.”
“The pursuit of the elixir of life may be eternal, but the true elixir lies within us - in the moments we cherish, the connections we make, and the memories we create.”
“You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”
“No one can grant you happiness. Happiness is a choice we all have the power to make.”
“Adventure works in any strand—it calls to those who care more for living than for their lives.”
“Spring buds burst to bloom, and the river carries their song of life.”
“Take one cup of love, two cups of loyalty, three cups of forgiveness, four quarts of faith and one barrel of laughter. Take love and loyalty and mix them thoroughly with faith; blend with tenderness, kindness and understanding. Add friendship and hope. Sprinkle abundantly with laughter. Bake it with sunshine. Wrap it regularly with lots of hugs. Serve generous helpings daily.”
“Making others happy can give us happiness. I treated the staff in a restaurant to a plate of Momos. Little things can make our World a better place.”
“Happiness is always on the other side of being teachable.”
“Thursday, 6 July, 1944   We all live, but we don't know the why or the wherefore. We all live with the object of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same. We three have been brought up in good circles, we have the chance to learn, the possibility of attaining something, we have all reason to hope for much happiness, but  we must earn it for ourselves. And that is never easy. You must work and do good, not be lazy and gamble, if you wish to earn happiness. Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.”
“Happiness   is much more than merely the absence of misery.”
“The proper basis for marriage is mutual misunderstanding. The happiness of a married man depends on the people he has not married. One should always be in love - that's the reason one should never marry.”
“Having made the decision, do not revise it unless some new fact comes to your knowledge. Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile.”
“There are patterns to life . . . Rhythms. It is so easy, while trapped in just the one life, to imagine that times of sadness or tragedy or failure or fear are a result of that particular existence. That it is a by-product of living a certain way, rather than simply living . I mean, it would have made things a lot easier if we understood there was no way of living that can immunise you against sadness. And that sadness is intrinsically part of the fabric of happiness. You can’t have one without the other. Of course, they come in different degrees and quantities. But there is no life where you can be in a state of sheer happiness for ever. And imagining there is just breeds more unhappiness in the life you’re in.”
“Comparison is the thief of joy.”
“Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair ”
“Why not seize the pleasure at once? -- How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!”
“Ahhh. Bed, book, kitten, sandwich. All one needed in life, really.”
“If you have no wine, then you have no good reason to eat.”
“when he smiles it's as if you'd just told him the first joke on earth.”
“There are three steps to follow on a daily basis to go through and last a tough, challenging, phase in Life: 1.	Be expectationless. 2.	Soak in bhakti – devotion, offer yourself and everything that you do to a higher energy. 3.	Deep dive into what you love doing – your bliss, your purpose or even just your work. If your current circumstances prevent you from doing this, choose the next best activity, whatever else you can do, in this realm to practice immersion. There is no order to following these steps. Just do them daily. Let them consume your waking hours. Celebrate the inner peace and joy that you experience.”
“It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.”
“You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestation of your own blessings.”
“If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.”
“The first duty of a husband is to nurture happiness in his home.”
“I think now that maybe true sweetness can only happen in limbo.”
“When you make someone happy, especially the unhappy ones, that moment you define humanity.”
“Surely every one realizes, at some point along the way, that he is capable of living a far better life than the one he has chosen.”
“If you write it down, you can make it happen.”
“Actually, I jade very quickly. Once is usually enough. Either once only, or every day. If you do something once it’s exciting, and if you do it every day it’s exciting. But if you do it, say, twice or just almost every day, it’s not good any more.”
“Life is complicated. If life was simple, wouldn’t that make us simpletons?”
“Happiness is the lucky pane of glass you carry in your head. It takes all your cunning just to hang on to it, and once it's smashed you have to move into a different sort of life.”
“It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.”
“Unhappiness can be like a virus spreading from one person, to the next person, to the next one and so on. When someone is mean or rude to you, do not let their unhappiness infect your own life. If you are the unhappy one, please quarantine yourself so you do not infect others!”
“The truly revolutionary promise of our nation's founding document is the freedom to pursue happiness-with-a-capital-H. ”
“Again, I am surprised why people seek to eliminate lust and cling to love; as they wish to ignore happiness and cleave unto joy! Now, now, let's not sugar-coat things! Lust has a lot more to do with life and what is the good of life if you do not carry much lust inside of you at all times? And joy is a noble thing, but happiness though fleeting can be found every day and in every small little way!”
“The man with toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound. The poverty stricken man makes the same mistake about the rich man.”
“I still believe that peace and plenty and happiness can be worked out some way. I am a fool.”
“Sometimes, when you lose your happiness, it's best to look for it the same way you'd look for anything else”
“If you say you can't, you won't! The only thing holding you back from success is yourself.”
“I wish I could take it all in, hold it in my arms or be held in its arms. Something is swelling inside me, getting larger and larger  I sigh. "What's the matter, Katerina? Are you sad?" everyone asks. "No," I answer. "I'm perfectly happy.”
“Being a candle is difficult because one must first burn in order to emit light.”
“I can't have it and you can't have it and we won't get it so don't bet on it or even think about it just get out of bed each morning wash shave clothe yourself and go out into it because outside of that all that's left is suicide and madness so you just can't expect too much you can't even expect so what you do is work from a modest minimal base like when you walk outside be glad your car might possibly be there and if it is- that the tires aren't flat then you get in and if it starts—you start. and it's the damndest movie you've ever seen because you're in it— low budget and 4 billion critics and the longest run you ever hope for is one day.”
“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
“Every sunset is an opportunity to reset.”
“What need is there to say more? The childish work for their own benefit, The Buddhas work for the benefit of others. Just look at the difference between them. If I do not exchange my happiness, for the suffering of others, I shall not attain the state of Buddhahood. And even in Samsara I shall have no real joy. The source of all misery in the world lies in thinking of oneself; The source of all happiness lies in thinking of others.”
“If you can have everything at fifty that you wanted when you were fifteen, you're happy.”
“Many times suffering is the price for obtaining happiness, and happiness is another name for the reward.”
“When exhilarating joy becomes soothing stillness, it can turn into inspiriting happiness after splintering the brilliance of its buoyancy and filling each pore of our being with bliss, freeing all the caged wishes of our dreams. ("New York at arm's length of desire")”
“You have arrived when you are so happy being you, that you don’t even think about being anybody else – especially the you that you were yesterday…”
“There are very few things in the mind which eat up as much energy as worry. It is one of the most difficult things not to worry about anything. Worry is experienced when things go wrong, but in relation to past happenings it is idle merely to wish that they might have been otherwise. The frozen past is what it is, and no amount of worrying is going to make it other than what it has been. But the limited ego-mind identifies itself with its past, gets entangled with it and keeps alive the pangs of frustrated desires. Thus worry continues to grow into the mental life of man until the ego-mind is burdened by the past. Worry is also experienced in relation to the future when this future is expected to be disagreeable in some way. In this case it seeks to justify itself as a necessary part of the attempt to prepare for coping with the anticipated situations. But, things can never be helped merely by worrying. Besides, many of the things which are anticipated never turn up, or if they do occur, they turn out to be much more acceptable than they were expected to be. Worry is the product of feverish imagination working under the stimulus of desires. It is a living through of sufferings which are mostly our own creation. Worry has never done anyone any good, and it is very much worse than mere dissipation of psychic energy, for it substantially curtails the joy and fullness of life.”
“The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself. It is in this relationship that you set the standard for all others.”
“You must be the best judge of your own happiness.”
“The basic cause of misery is man's incapacity to give love. Man asks for love, but he is not willing to give love. He demands love, but he has forgotten that unless you give, you cannot get. Giving comes first, and then getting happens on its own accord. And when love comes without asking or demanding,it brings joy and happiness. This is something fundamental to understand: give and forget about getting back. Then it comes back a thousandfold. It starts showering on you, because that is the nature of existence. Whatever we give comes back. Love has to be given without any desire for getting - and then joy and happiness is yours.”
“The secret of happiness is something to do”
“A person's success in life can be attributed to a select group of deliberate behaviors. Get them right, and success is more likely to knock on the door.”
“Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
“And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle; it runs ahead in a straight line. That is why man cannot be happy: happiness is the longing for repetition.”
“Why are those who are notoriously undisciplined and unmoral also most contemptuous of religion and morality? They are trying to solace their own unhappy lives by pulling the happy down to their own abysmal depths.”
“I do what makes me happy because I never want to be one of those people with a collection of “I almost” stories. Imagine me saying “I almost saw the sun set on the Adriatic.” It was beautiful, y’all.”
“ XinWey’s Doctrine states that the most essential morality of mankind is to create the greatest amount of happiness among the greatest number of people while using the least amount of resources. ”
“But I see nothing miraculous about it. Nothing makes one as healthy as happiness, and there is no greater happiness than making someone else happy.”
“Our country in general assumes that "the pursuit of happiness" really means "the pursuit of pleasure" and that therefore pleasure is the greatest good.”
“Since I grew weary of the search I taught myself to find instead Since cross winds caused my ship to lurch I sail with all winds straight ahead.”
“People, he thought, were as hungry for a sight of joy as he had always been--for a moment's relief from that gray load of suffering which seemed so inexplicable and unnecessary. He had never been able to understand why men should be unhappy.”
“I refuse to settle  it would be nice to find a partner, but I'd much rather remain single than settle for someone that's undeserving.”
“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
“The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.”
“Don't stress over the things that cannot be controlled. Live life, enjoy it, and make yourself happy because at the end of the day, no one else will do it for you, but yourself.”
“You must never forget that greatness does not guarantee happiness but goodness always does”
“You can be right or you can be happy.”
“Forget the troubles of the world and savor life's pleasures.”
“Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.”
“Bakers can’t bake bread because they can’t get flour. So why do people burn wheat fields and kill bakers when it’s their fault there’s no flour?”
“Happiness is found in the darkest of times if only one remembers to turn on the light”
“Happiness is the best revenge”
“Ester asked why people are sad. "That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.”
“Look at love! Look at how love has danced to merge two souls who were once scattered and shattered into pieces and ashes.”
“It is a happiness to wonder; -- it is a happiness to dream.”
“I have found that one of the keys to really being free is to live in the same way as you meditate.”
“The mind is everything in this world. It is the source of all pain and suffering. If the mind can be healed, it will cure all illnesses in this world.”
“The ways of happiness and meaning are not the same. To find happiness, a man need only live in the moment; he need only live for the moment. But if he wants meaning—the meaning of his dreams, his secrets, his life—a man must reinhabit his past, however dark, and live for the future, however uncertain. Thus nature dangles happiness and meaning before us all, insisting only that we choose between them.”
“Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
“The true measure of a man is how he treats you when others are not looking.”
“Happiness is like the weather. It comes and goes minute-to-minute, hour-to-hour, day-to-day. Joy, however, is like the climate. It's a long-term prospect. As in, the joy you have that you are sure you're going to Heaven no matter what the weather is like.”
“Our future is written in the past, and it's the adventure of a lifetime.”
“I absolutely think that happiness is a choice. One of the most potent forces in human psychology is the power of habit. Do something, think something, often enough and it will become the only thing you can do or think. Choose to be unhappy and soon that’s all you will be. Live in a swamp and you’ll grow webbed feet.”
“The greatest happiness is when the eye discovers beauty where neither then mind conceived of nor the hand intended any.”
“When I count my blessings, I find you in every one.”
“When you have a purpose-oriented goal, then the whole universe tries to help you to achieve it.”
“Then he thought himself unhappy, but happiness was all in the future; now he felt that the best happiness was already in the past.”
“In this world of Maya, nothing is permanent, not even our pain and suffering.”
“In the West, for example, people believe they must 'pursue happiness' as if it were some kind of a flighty bird that is always out of reach. In the East, we believe we are born with happiness and one of life's important tasks, my mother told me, is to protect it.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“Come clean with a child heart Laugh as peaches in the summer wind Let rain on a house roof be a song Let the writing on your face be a smell of apple orchards on late June.”
“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
“Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.”
“Happiness isn’t the reward we retrieve after a long struggle. It arrives daily, in those clear moments when our hearts are tender, pricked by the embrace of a loved one, the beauty of a single flower, the majesty of the world in which we are central. Look over your shoulder at how far you’ve come and all the good things you’ve experienced and that is when you will see the smiling face of happiness.”
“Memory is the happiness of being alone.”
“Emmy has embarked on her journey to enrich the world with smiles. They are free, healthy, and often, very contagious.”
“It’s all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.”
“But the thing is, I didn't make my friends happy and they didn't make me happy. All we did was get stoned out of our minds. That didn't have anything to do with happiness.”
“The material world is a sad place to be. People keep trying to attain that perfect state of happiness throughout their lives, acting upon thoughts that show them where the temporary dopamine fix is, but most of them are really sad inside. Surprisingly, most people choose to overcome sadness, they feel if they look at the greener side the sadness will vanish. But the sadness is always there. Otherwise there would be no motivation to be happy.”
“My story will be over soon. But it’s not something to be sad about. As we count up the memories from one journey, we head off on another. Remembering those who went ahead. Remembering those who will follow after. And someday, we will meet all those people again, out beyond the horizon.”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“You are the moon that breaks the night . You are the fear that I hate to fight. Times are wrong in all that is done. My treasure is love that I give to only one. Cherrish the treasures given to your heart and never let anything hurt from the start. You chose your path so accept and believe, that peace love and light are needed to breathe.”
“It’s better to have loved imperfectly than to barricade your heart and let hate fester.”
“It is essential to happiness that our way of living should spring from our own deep impulses and not from the accidental tastes and desires of those who happen to be our neighbors, or even our relations.”
“The average human being is actually quite bad at predicting what he or she should do in order to be happier, and this inability to predict keeps people from, well, being happier. In fact, psychologist Daniel Gilbert has made a career out of demonstrating that human beings are downright awful at predicting their own likes and dislikes. For example, most research subjects strongly believe that another $30,000 a year in income would make them much happier. And they feel equally strongly that adding a 30-minute walk to their daily routine would be of trivial import. And yet Dr. Gilbert’s research suggests that the added income is far less likely to produce an increase in happiness than the addition of a regular walk.”
“She was happy, she knew she was happy, and knew she ought to be happy.”
“The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.”
“Any intelligent person knows that life is a beautiful thing and that the purpose of life is to be happy," said my father as he watched the three beauties. "But it seems only idiots are ever happy. How can we explain this?”
“I will not blink. I will not be intimidated.”
“I felt I could turn the earth upside down with my littlest finger. I wanted to dance, to fly in the air and kiss the sun and stars with my singing heart. I, alone with myself, was enjoying myself for the first time as with grandest company.”
“Happiness is such a fragile thing, isn't it? So easily burst, like a bubble blown by a child, and always on the verge of being carried away.”
“Happy is he who is healthy.”
“The Christmas presents once opened are Not So Much Fun as they were while we were in the process of examining, lifting, shaking, thinking about, and opening them. Three hundred sixty-five days later, we try again and find that the same thing has happened. Each time the goal is reached, it becomes Not So Much Fun, and we're off to reach the next one, then the next one, then the next. That doesn't mean that the goals we have don't count. They do, mostly because they cause us to go through the process and it's the process that makes us wise, happy, or whatever. If we do things in the wrong sort of way, it makes us miserable, angry, confused, and things like that. The goal has to be right for us, and it has to be beneficial, in order to ensure a beneficial process. But aside from that, it's really the process that's important.”
“Give more, so that we can build more, put interest in understanding another more in whatever actions one might carry out in life. Because we all are fighting for survival against adversaries and are sometimes falling, but if we stand together and help shield and strengthen one another, imagine the world that we will live in together, having more happiness with one another, at one another’s side.”
“What did it matter if he existed for two or for twenty years? Happiness was the fact that he had existed.”
“Laughter is a sunbeam of the soul.”
“I know that's what people say-- you'll get over it. I'd say it, too. But I know it's not true. Oh, youll be happy again, never fear. But you won't forget. Every time you fall in love it will be because something in the man reminds you of him.”
“You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation. Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams. Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait. The in-betweens have always been my favorite.”
“When true happiness shows up, the ego is bored with it: It's too plain, too ordinary, and it doesn't leave us feeling special or above the fray. It doesn't take away our problems, which is the ego's idea of happiness. The ego wants no more difficulties: no ore sickness, no more need for money, no more work, no more bad feelings, only unending pleasure and bliss. Such perfection is the ego's idea of a successful life. However, the happiness the ego dreams of will never be attained by anyone. The ego denies the reality of this dimension, where challenges are necessary to evolution and blissful states and pleasure come and go.”
“Control of consciousness determines the quality of life.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“That's the secret to life  replace one worry with another .”
“Because my life would amount to nothing! It’s just gonna be pleasure without purpose! Okay, so you said that one of the things that would be in my version of a utopian world would be the termination of the gender and racial gap in STEM. You are right. That would be a part of a utopia! However, entering the simulation would not change the gap in real life, so I would merely be living in a whimsical illusion, not a pragmatic and realistic view of how things actually are. Plus, going into the simulation would sort of imply that I surrender to the racial and gender stereotypes. By entering the simulation and not choosing to face my fears of being stereotyped based on race and gender, I am merely showing that I am too scared to live in the world as it truly is and too scared to make a change in the real world. “You also said that fame for intellectual discoveries was part of my version of a utopia, and that is also true, but if I made all of my discoveries in the fantasy world, then my goal to be well-known in the world for intellectual discoveries would technically not be accomplished, because no one in real life would know my name. Some programmed beings would, but I would just be another human being in the real world. I wouldn’t be contributing to anything in real life!” Dad nodded in interest. “You’d rather be helpful than happy.” “Absolutely!”
“Even though I knew this might end in heartbreak, that he might make my life scary and complicated and unpredictable, I knew I couldn't let him walk away. Because I knew he'd also make my life happy and comforting and full.”
“It's not selfish to want to be happy, Harriet.”
“It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched for they are full of the truthless ideal which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real, they are bruised and wounded. It looks as if they were victims of a conspiracy; for the books they read, ideal by the necessity of selection, and the conversation of their elders, who look back upon the past through a rosy haze of forgetfulness, prepare them for an unreal life. They must discover for themselves that all they have read and all they have been told are lies, lies, lies; and each discovery is another nail driven into the body on the cross of life.”
“SMILE! You are NOT on camera!”
“We are more interested in making others believe we are happy than in trying to be happy ourselves.”
“The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.”
“As we celebrate International Women’s Day, I would like to take a moment to honour and appreciate all the incredible women who have touched our lives in so many ways. To all the mothers, sisters, daughters, grandmothers, and friends who have shown us kindness, wisdom, and grace. Your strength, resilience, and perseverance continue to inspire us every day. You have been a constant source of support, and your guidance has helped us navigate through the toughest of times. No amount of gratitude is enough to thank you for everything that you have done for us. May you continue to shine your light and inspire others to do the same. May you be blessed with love, happiness, and success in all that you do. Happy International Women’s Day to all the incredible women out there!”
“If we live our lives looking for the excitement and exhilaration that change can bring, we will be much happier than when we are eventually forced to accept it anyways.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future.”
“We'd just shared the last beer and slung the empty can out the window at a stop sign and were just waiting back to get the feel of the day, swimming in that kind of tasty drowsiness that comes over you after a day of going hard at something you enjoy doing -- half sunburned and half drunk and keeping awake only because you wanted to savor the taste as long as you could.”
“All life has a birthright.”
“Respect? Of course, always, to all, because everything seems funnier when you're trying to show respect.”
“I want to see you happy because it makes me happy to see my loved ones joyful. "Robbie!" Emily begins protesting. "I am a person that can't be reasoned with, I'm illogical and I'm really self-centered." "I know," Robbie sniffles. Then adds, "I think though, that even when people are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered, we should love them anyway. Because they need it the most.”
“Name one hero who was happy." I considered. Heracles went mad and killed his family; Theseus lost his bride and father; Jason's children and new wife were murdered by his old; Bellerophon killed the Chimera but was crippled by the fall from Pegasus' back. "You can't." He was sitting up now, leaning forward. "I can't." "I know. They never let you be famous AND happy." He lifted an eyebrow. "I'll tell you a secret." "Tell me." I loved it when he was like this. "I'm going to be the first." He took my palm and held it to his. "Swear it." "Why me?" "Because you're the reason. Swear it." "I swear it," I said, lost in the high color of his cheeks, the flame in his eyes. "I swear it," he echoed. We sat like that a moment, hands touching. He grinned. "I feel like I could eat the world raw.”
“Sometimes we assume that the new person in our life is better for us because they are totally different from the last person we dated. Only later do we see that we have chosen a different version of the same thing and they both leave us unsatisfied.”
“Who’s happy? Happy is just what people think they are when they can’t find anything to bitch about.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“The midsummer sun shines but dim, The fields strive in vain to look gay; But when I am happy in Him December's as pleasant as May.”
“ because all happiness is contagious, and disarms the spirit of hatred.”
“Fairy tales serve as a timeless reminder that there is magic in the world and that, with enough faith, anything is possible.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Personally I am very pessimistic. But when, for instance, one of my staff has a baby you can't help but bless them for a good future. Because I can't tell that child, 'Oh, you shouldn't have come into this life.' And yet I know the world is heading in a bad direction. So with those conflicting thoughts in mind, I think about what kind of films I should be making.”
“I've pursued dreams and achieved them, but I don't think anybody should think their life is incomplete if they don't follow some dream. Happiness doesn't come from achievements, or money, or any sort of treasure. Happiness is a frame of mind, not a destination. It's appreciating what you've got and building relationships with those around you.”
“Life is short and beautiful, like a blooming flower.”
“In Kilanga, people knew nothing of things they might have had - a Frigidaire? a washer-dryer combination? Really, they'd sooner imagine a tree that could pull up its feet and go bake bread. It didn't occur to them to feel sorry for themselves.”
“Being Smiling Brahma is to register the fact that nothing is permanent; be it shine, be it shadows, be it happiness, be it sorrows.”
“We are often insane with happiness. We are also very unhappy for reasons neither of us can do anything about. Like being separated.”
“Never settle for a haven; instead, venture into the unknown. The journey will be worthwhile.”
“I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.”
“Letting go is not being defeatist. It is not giving up on Life. Letting go is giving in to Life. It is going with the flow of Life.”
“The proof of the pudding is in the Cosmic Ordering.”
“The best moments in our lives, are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times—although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have worked hard to attain them. The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience is thus something that we make happen. For a child, it could be placing with trembling fingers the last block on a tower she has built, higher than any she has built so far; for a swimmer, it could be trying to beat his own record; for a violinist, mastering an intricate musical passage. For each person there are thousands of opportunities, challenges to expand ourselves.”
“If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires.”
“The candle burns at both ends, they witness both its splendor and inexplicable deeds, often prodding at one another.”
“Happiness was like a green vine spreading through her, stretching fine tendrils, bearing flowers through her flesh.”
“Find happiness where you can," she said softly. "It's not just the great big whammo things. Look for the beauty of life in the small things, and you'll be the happiest person alive.”
“Everything that God sends us is beautiful, even though we may not understand it - and we only need to give it some proper thought to see that what God gives is just sheer happiness; the suffering is what we add to it.”
“To enlarge the sphere of social happiness is worthy of the benevolent design of a Masonic institution; and it is most fervently to be wished, that the conduct of every member of the fraternity, as well as those publications, that discover the principles which actuate them, may tend to convince mankind that the grand object of Masonry is to promote the happiness of the human race. [ Letter to the Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, January 1793 ]”
“Who do you really trust?”
“Maybe this is a characteristic of happy people. An ability to be entertained by the world.”
“Hope is the anchor of the soul; keep it strong, and it will keep you steady.”
“Social media is just a tool. If you use it as a billboard to share, to announce, even to advertise what you do or offer, it is fine. But if you start expecting validation, acceptance, and felicitation, you lose the plot. Also, as with any form (medium) of advertising, when you decide to open up and share, you are bound to be critiqued and criticized (what we know as trolling today). So, the key is to follow the same principle that applied to using traditional media vehicles. Use social media. Don't get used and consumed by it!”
“Dear Human: You've got it all wrong. You didn't come here to master unconditional love. This is where you came from and where you'll return. You came here to learn personal love. Universal love. Messy love. Sweaty Love. Crazy love. Broken love. Whole love. Infused with divinity. Lived through the grace of stumbling. Demonstrated through the beauty of  messing up. Often. You didn't come here to be perfect, you already are. You came here to be gorgeously human. Flawed and fabulous. And rising again into remembering. But unconditional love? Stop telling that story. Love in truth doesn't need any adjectives. It doesn't require modifiers. It doesn't require the condition of perfection. It only asks you to show up. And do your best. That you stay present and feel fully. That you shine and fly and laugh and cry and hurt and heal and fall and get back up and play and work and live and die as YOU. Its enough. It's Plenty.”
“How can you tell somebody who is pursuing happiness that they're somehow not American when that was the very first promise that America made?”
“There is nothing around me but money, money, money.”
“Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside.”
“The Joy of the Lord chases away sorrow, helps you receive from God and keeps you healthy.”
“How exquisitely human was the wish for permanent happiness, and how thin human imagination became trying to achieve it.”
“If we cannot flap with the butterflies of “happiness,” we must bring to life the cascades of “joy,” conjuring up the spell of its enchantment and rolling cheerfully on the splashing waves of the future. ("Waiting for Mr. Out-placer")”
“Even on the darkest of nights, a single candle can light up a room and bring hope.”
“Happiness comes in many forms — in the company of good friends, in the feeling you get when you make someone else’s dream come true, or in the promise of hope renewed. It’s okay to let yourself be happy because you never know how fleeting that happiness might be.”
“I sometimes think that shame, mere awkward, senseless shame, does as much towards preventing good acts and straightforward happiness as any of our vices can do.”
“Happiness is something we reap from the seeds we sow. Plant misery seeds and that us what you reap.”
“Although the moon appears alone in the sky, it shines brightly enough to light up the darkest of nights and guide us on our way.”
“It’s funny how one summer can change everything. It must be something about the heat and the smell of chlorine, fresh-cut grass and honeysuckle, asphalt sizzling after late-day thunderstorms, the steam rising while everything drips around it. Something about long, lazy days and whirring air conditioners and bright plastic flip-flops from the drugstore thwacking down the street. Something about fall being so close, another year, another Christmas, another beginning. So much in one summer, stirring up like the storms that crest at the end of each day, blowing out all the heat and dirt to leave everything gasping and cool. Everyone can reach back to one summer and lay a finger to it, finding the exact point when everything changed. That summer was mine.”
“Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.”
“Pain may be the only reality but if mankind had any sense it would pursue the delusion called happiness. All the philosophers and poets who tell us that pain and suffering have a place and purpose in the cosmic order of things are welcome to them. They are frauds. We justify pain because we do not know what to make of it, nor do we have any choice but to bear it. Happiness alone can make us momentarily larger than ourselves.”
“There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.”
“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
“There is no beauty in sadness. No honor in suffering. No growth in fear. No relief in hate. It’s just a waste of perfectly good happiness.”
“We need not be afraid of expecting the unexpected, but let us wheedle each instant we enjoy and endear each happy moment we encounter; let us watch each step we take and each move we make, ever since happiness is a loving and appealing fairy, but utterly frail and vulnerable. ("Happy days are back again")”
“I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.”
“ The world is full of happy people but no one ever hears of them. You have to fight and make a scandal to get in the papers. No one knows about all the happy people ”
“A positive mindset can be a gateway to a positive life.”
“Let them not be denied a few crumbs of attention or merely a 'twinkle of happiness' if, through the insidious intrusion of reality, the unattended cannot receive a 'lease of happiness.' ("Homeless, down in the corner" )”
“Operating in a high vibrational frequency can be beneficial to your present and future self”
“Oh, how unbearable is a happy person sometimes!”
“Happiness is an illusion, Natalie. It doesn't actually exist." "Of course it does," I said. "It's what you feel when you're not sad." "That's unconsciousness. And I'm pretty sure that I'm miserable when I am unconscious, too.”
“It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.”
“Imagination doesn't always make you long for what you cannot have, but rather thrive in what you do not have.”
“The smarter you are, the lonelier you will become.”
“We were so happy.”
“Misery builds character, happiness makes cheesecake.”
“Life is all about learning how to smile.”
“Maybe happiness is this: not feeling that you should be elsewhere, doing something else, being someone else.”
“Twilight is the transition period between the end of the day and the beginning of the night. A time to let go of the past and embrace the unknown.”
“Fear of failing is the root of all jealousy.”
“Recognise the type of laughter that you receive. Some people laugh when they're intensely irritated, and not necessarily because they find you amusing.”
“Feeling guilt dims our light. Instead of dimming our light to make others feel more comfortable, we could just continue to shine and foster the rise of the vibrations of those around us. Being Happy and Feeling Good does not mean you have no compassion for the misery of those around you. It simply means you won’t dim your light to make them feel comfortable – instead, you’re going to help light the way. At first, your light may be a bit too bright for others and it may hurt their eyes, yet it’s far better to shine rather than to hide your light. When you hide your light for too long, it extinguishes and you slip right back into darkness…unable to find your way until someone ‘shiny’ comes along to light your way and help you to find the light you still possess within, your Soul’s Magnificence.”
“Nonetheless, when it finally ended and the hairdressers left and Tess insisted upon pulling her to the mirror, Fire saw, and understood, that everyone had done the job well. The dress, deep shimmering purple and utterly simple in design, was so beautifully-cut and so clingy and well-fitting that Fire felt slightly naked. And her hair. She couldn’t follow what they’d done with her hair, braids thin as threads in some places, looped and wound through the thick sections that fell over her shoulders and down her back, but she saw that the end result was a controlled wildness that was magnificent against her face, her body, and the dress. She turned to measure the effect on her guard - all twenty of them, for all had roles to play in tonight’s proceedings, and all were awaiting her orders. Twenty jaws hung slack with astonishment - even Musa’s, Mila’s, and Neel’s. Fire touched their minds, and was pleased, and then angry, to find them open as the glass roofs in July. ‘Take hold of yourselves,’ she snapped. ‘It’s a disguise, remember? This isn’t going to work if the people meant to help me can’t keep their heads.’ ‘It will work, Lady Granddaughter.’ Tess handed Fire two knives in ankle holsters. ‘You’ll get what you want from whomever you want. Tonight King Nash would give you the Winged River as a present, if you asked for it. Dells, child - Prince Brigan would give you his best warhorse.”
“The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.”
“You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy; happiness is no longer the point. It's all about survival; it's all about whether you pull the knife out and bleed to death or keep it in ”
“No matter what you are going through, spend a few minutes each day to be grateful for who you still have, and for what you still have, in your Life.”
“It's impossible to be unhappy while wearing a poncho!”
“She avoids deep thought like an empty restaurant, not out of stupidity, but a canny resolve to be happy.”
“A delicious meal needs pepper and salt, but if they dominate, the meal is ruined.”
“I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.”
“Do not grieve! Everything you lose eventually comes back to you in some other way.”
“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”
“Here at last is her smile: burn it into your memory; you won't see it often.”
“You have everything you need for complete peace and total happiness right now.”
“He wore his happiness like a mask and the girl had run off across the lawn with the mask and there was no way of going to knock on her door and ask for it back.”
“Bad beliefs lead to bad thoughts; bad thoughts lead to bad actions; bad actions lead to bad results; bad results lead to bad feelings.”
“Maybe Shakespeare was right. Maybe all the world was a stage. Maybe without the act everything would fall apart. The key to happiness wasn't being yourself, because what did that even mean? Everyone had many selves. No. The key to happiness is finding the lie that suits you best.”
“When you are in the presence of the beauty of nature, nothing but happiness can overtake you.”
“Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers.”
“It is fine to share your vulnerability with people around you. Perhaps not with everyone. But with those to whom you really matter. There is no loss of face there. Because when you show people how vulnerable you are, you allow for their kindness, their selflessness, their love, to flow in.”
“Rainbows are a natural reminder that there is always light and beauty to be found, even amid the darkest storm.”
“And I find a happiness in the fact of accepting — In the sublimely scientific and difficult fact of accepting the inevitable natural.”
“Life is a series of natural and unanticipated changes. Don’t fight them; instead, accept them with grace.”
“there is very likely no inherent meaning behind our existence. Never was and never will be. But we can't let that get to us because nihilism is dangerous and ‘the dangerous dragon that we should all avoid’. That being said, it is absolutely vital that we create our own meaning in this so absolutely weird and absurd universe that doesn't give a rat’s ass about you or me. As much as I would love to believe that there is a justification for all the horror and suffering that we live through I don't see a universal meaning to life. Except one of course, living life. Create your own meaning, make the best out if it and enjoy the good times, not too much though, and stay steady in the bad times. Make your life’s meaning something that is worth living and you’ll be fairly happy”
“I enjoy the wild things, Call me at 3 am and tell me you're waiting at my door. Give me sunsets in different cities and road trips on dirt tracks not sighted on maps. Whiskey for breakfast & cheap thrills for dinner. Give me happiness in a smile and nothing of certainty but the way we make eachother feel. There so much life in living while you're alive & id give absolutely anything to have it all with you.”
“I have lived in seventy-two cities over the course of my life," the old man said, proudly. "There is no part of the world, I know nothing about." The young people on the bench beside him looked at him with admiration. "And which city did you like best?" one asked him. The old man thought for a long time, then sighed. "Now I look back," he said, "I think I was happiest in the village in the country where I grew up. If it had been the second place I had lived, I like I should have stayed there my whole life. But because it was the first, I convinced myself that there must be somewhere better and have never stopped looking for it.”
“Life’s good when it’s lived for oneself; it’s great when lived for others. The true means of happiness is to lose your mind by thinking for others!”
“When going through an enduring and painful situation, stop wishing that it did not exist. It is this wanting, this desire, that causes your suffering. Instead, deal with each day, doing whatever you can do in the given circumstances. Do your best. And leave the rest, the outcomes, to Life. This is how you flow with Life, at its pace, peacefully, calmly.”
“I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because   it makes me happy.”
“I was electrified by this theory, I could feel my footsteps dancing and I begin to laugh. I was perfectly aware that I had only added another question to all the others, but it was new, and that, in the absurd world in which I lived, and still do live, was happiness.”
“Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.”
“He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.”
“My mind to me a kingdom is, Such present joys therein I find, That it excels all other bliss That world affords or grows by kind. Though much I want which most would have, Yet still my mind forbids to crave.”
“One who is capable of forgiving others is wise.”
“The "supreme good" and its attainment -- that is happiness. And joy is: response to happiness.”
“A fondness for roving, for making a name for themselves in their onw country, and for boasting of what they had seen in their travels, was so strong in our two wanderers, that they resolved to be no longer happy; and demanded permission of the king to leave the country.”
“Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure”
“I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
“In the past, I always hated this time of day," she said. "It always felt as though nothing truly wonderful could ever happen in daylight. But now I am not so sure.”
“The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of life.”
“She couldn't avoid being serious about things she cared for, and happiness made her grave at the thought of all the things which might destroy it.”
“We share a great camaraderie with some people. We get amazing positive energy and warm vibes from some people.They genuinely care for us and want us to be successful and happy. They trust us and collaborate with us to accomplice our creative goals. We must hold on to such people in our life and stay connected to them. That's the way to lead a happy and satisfied life.”
“My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.”
“The peace which filled him now was born of that patient self-abandonment he had pursued and achieved with the help of this warm world so willing to deny him without anger…His actions in the world all lay before him, but no more than one story chosen among so many others without any valid reason, at once alien and secretly familiar, a favorite book which flatters and justifies the heart at its core, but a book someone else has written.”
“Happiness is your internal pursuit! It's an inside job. If you are looking for external factors, your happiness will only be temporary. Enjoy the present moment, enjoy the simple things in life, enjoy now!”
“Look deep within. You will find everything you seek.”
“I'm so alive. As I stand facing the beauty of the never-ending Pacific Ocean, a late afternoon breeze blows down from the hills behind. As always, it is a beautiful day. The sun is making its final descent. The magic is about to begin. The skies are ready to burn with brilliance, as it turns from a soft blue to a bright orange. Looking towards the West, I stare in awe at the hypnotic power of the waves. A giant curl begins to take form, then breaks with a thundering clap as it crashes on the shore.”
“The warmth that comes from a kind and compassionate heart is true beauty”
“You only struggle because you're ready to grow but aren't willing to let go.”
“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”
“I am in an altogether new world now. I can think of nothing more wonderful. It is a real touch of all that heaven means.”
“There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.”
“Men who give up the common goal of all things that exist, thereby cease to exist themselves. Some may perhaps think it strange that we say that wicked men, who form the majority of men, do not exist; but that is how it is. I am not trying to deny the wickedness of the wicked; what I do deny is that their existence is absolute and complete existence. Just as you might call a corpse a dead man, but couldn't simply call it a man, so I would agree that the wicked are wicked, but could not agree that they have unqualified existence.”
“Taking a risk to survive isn’t that impressive. Taking a risk to be happy, that takes guts.”
“If you pursue happiness, you are an ordinary person. If happiness pursues you, you are an extraordinary person. Do not chase happiness; let it chase you.”
“and we laugh and laugh and all I know is at this moment I feel like I can do anything I want and be anyone I want and go anywhere on the globe and still call it home”
“Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
“Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies.”
“What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
“Let’s not name it. Once you name something, you have to define it: say what it is and isn’t. Not to mention maintenance. All the relationships with names – parent, sister, husband, lover – come with maintenance. All that effort keeping it to what it’s supposed to be. Shouldn’t we allow ourselves at least one unnamed, undefined close relationship in our lives? A free-standing, wild-card arrangement. How about it, Joseph? How about you just try to make me happy, and I’ll try and do the same for you?”
“The common element in all the special forms of contemplation is the loving, yearning, affirming bent toward that happiness which is the same as God Himself, and which is the aim and purpose of all that happens in the world.”
“I like how Mother Teresa put it: "Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, in your eyes, in your smile." If you approach life this way, always looking for ways to build instead of to tear down, you'll be amazed at how much happiness you can give to others and find for yourself”
“Do you hear me? Only you can listen to me. I am your “inner voice”. As you read these words, I am inviting you to be part of a very intimate conversation. I am taking you on a journey to discover, recover and uncover your capacity to flourish and live a full life, no matter what happens. I am provoking you to acknowledge me, and to let me re-connect you with your self. Then, we will never be, or feel, lonely again. Come along with me. Feel free to unleash your imagination. There is no reason to worry. After all, nobody else will ever be able to hear us.”
“The decision is mine, and I choose happiness”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“There is no higher happiness than peace.”
“Live each day and each moment to the fullest.”
“I learned with time that happiness is really important, and we must cherish those who make us smile. They rekindle our emotions and make us alive.”
“I'm a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy.”
“You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”
“We all look for happiness, but without knowing where to find it: like drunkards who look for their house, knowing dimly that they have one”
“Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. ”
“That's the big picture, your happiness. And health. You should never care what a man thinks of you -- until he demonstrates to you that he cares about making you happy. If he isn't trying to make you happy, then send him back from "whence" he came because winning him over will have no benefit. At the end of the day, happines, joy and yes your emotional stability those comprise the only measuring stick you really need to have.”
“Strawberries are full of love & happiness.”
“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
“Everyone knew that if you divided reality by expectation, you got a happiness quotient. But when you invert the equation - expectation divided by reality - you didn't get the opposite of happiness. What you got, Lewis realized, was hope.”
“Courage is certainly not the absence of fear. The ability to look fear in the eye, to stand up to what scares you, is courage. So, being able to face Life’s upheavals, without giving up, without becoming bitter, is courage. Being able to withstand pain, while choosing to not suffer from it, is courage. Choosing to immerse yourself in what you love doing, when darkness engulfs you, is courage. To let go, and to flow with Life, is courage. Being useful, even when you can’t be successful in a worldly sense, is courage. To live a Life of love, compassion, dignity and cheer, despite constant pain, despite enduring constraints, is courage. To laugh at yourself, at your situation, and at Life, is courage! To be happy, to be non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering, despite the circumstances, is courage.”
“His gut was stitched up good and tight, but that didn’t prevent it from flopping. He wiped his damp palms on the legs of his jeans and stood up shakily, leaning heavily on his cane. He called himself a masochist for putting himself through this torture day after day. He braced himself for the disappointment of having to go home alone. He braced himself for happiness like he’d never known in his entire life. He watched the door they would come through.”
“You deserve to be mentally healthy and prosperous.”
“Happiness is not something that you can find, acquire, or achieve directly. You have to get the conditions right and then wait. Some of those conditions are within you, such as coherence among the parts and levels of your personality. Other conditions require relationships to things beyond you: Just as plants need sun, water, and good soil to thrive, people need love, work, and a connection to something larger. It is worth striving to get the right relationships between yourself and others, between yourself and your work, and between yourself and something larger than yourself. If you get these relationships right, a sense of purpose and meaning will emerge.”
“If you want to be truly successful, you must make mistakes and learn from them.”
“The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.”
“Real happiness comes into your life when you accept yourself as you are.”
“And I don't believe in such a thing as "happily ever after". There's only happily every now and then. I find the hardest trick is to recognize the now-and-thens, and to bask in them when they come. Happiness is a choice we make, like how to wear our hair, or having coffee with breakfast and tea at night.”
“The beginning of the spiritual journey is what I call "life after awakening.”
“Happiness earned, not given.”
“One who is too relentless to listen to other people's views finds very few people who agree with him.”
“Love and kindness serve as a bridge between you and all living things.”
“People never remember happiness with the care that they lavish on preserving every detail of their suffering.”
“To be happy, make others happy.”
“Mother earth cried so much that she has pool of tears more than the land of happiness.”
“After all, what is happiness? Love, they tell me. But love doesn't bring and never has brought happiness. On the contrary, it's a constant state of anxiety, a battlefield; it's sleepless nights, asking ourselves all the time if we're doing the right thing. Real love is composed of ecstasy and agony.”
“To be happy--one must find one's bliss”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“Happiness is not only a hope, but also in some strange manner a memory   we are all kings in exile.”
“A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a life are devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten; the means are taken for the end.”
“Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment, appreciate what you have, and find joy in the present.”
“He made the world open up around me, like there were colors I'd never seen, new levels of happiness I couldn't have imagined.”
“There are more people who wish to be loved than there are who are willing to love.”
“I was happy, but happy is an adult word. You don't have to ask a child about happy, you see it. They are or they are not. Adults talk about being happy because largely they are not. Talking about it is the same as trying to catch the wind. Much easier to let it blow all over you. This is where I disagree with the philosophers. They talk about passionate things but there is no passion in them. Never talk happiness with a philosopher.”
“Happiness is a choice. If you are wise, you will always choose it first.”
“Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it”
“Don’t pass judgement on how humans communicate with the supreme because everyone has their way of doing things.”
“Happiness must be grown in one's own garden. ”
“Here was a man who seemed to take amusement in the messiness of life--as close to a definition of happiness as I know.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will. ”
“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
“Deep within everyone's heart there always remains a sense of longing for that hour, that summer, that one brief moment of blossoming. For several weeks or months, rarely longer, a beautiful young woman lives outside ordinary life. She is intoxicated. She feels as if she exists beyond time, beyond its laws; she experiences not the monotonous succession of days passing by, but moments of intense, almost desperate happiness.”
“God bless Dunkin' Donuts.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.”
“The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
“Are you what is called a lucky man? Well, you are sad every day. Each day has its great grief or its little care. Yesterday you were trembling for the health of one who is dear to you, today you fear for your own; tomorrow it will be an anxiety about money, the next day the slanders of a calumniator, the day after the misfortune of a friend; then the weather, then something broken or lost, then a pleasure for which you are reproached by your conscience or your vertebral column; another time, the course of public affairs. Not to mention heartaches. And so on. One cloud is dissipated, another gathers. Hardly one day in a hundred of unbroken joy and sunshine. And you are of that small number who are lucky! As for other men, stagnant night is upon them.”
“Suffering is due to our disconnection with the inner soul. Meditation is establishing that connection.”
“she slammed the door and was gone. I looked at the closed door and at the doorknob and strangely I didn't feel alone.”
“I love you more than ice-cream”
“Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive”
“it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.”
“Most parents try really hard to give their kids the best possible life. They give them the best food and clothes they can afford, take their own kind of take on training kids to be honest and polite. But what they don't realize is no matter how much they try, their kids will get out there. Out to this complicated little world. If they are lucky they will survive, through backstabbers, broken hearts, failures and all the kinds of invisible insane pressures out there. But most kids get lost in them. They will get caught up in all kinds of bubbles. Trouble bubbles. Bubbles that continuously tell them that they are not good enough. Bubbles that get them carried away with what they think is love, give them broken hearts. Bubbles that will blur the rest of the world to them, make them feel like that is it, that they've reached the end. Sometimes, even the really smart kids, make stupid decisions. They lose control. Parents need to realize that the world is getting complicated every second of every day. With new problems, new diseases, new habits. They have to realize the vast probability of their kids being victims of this age, this complicated era. Your kids could be exposed to problems that no kind of therapy can help. Your kids could be brainwashed by themselves to believe in insane theories that drive them crazy. Most kids will go through this stage. The lucky ones will understand. They will grow out of them. The unlucky ones will live in these problems. Grow in them and never move forward. They will cut themselves, overdose on drugs, take up excessive drinking and smoking, for the slightest problems in their lives. You can't blame these kids for not being thankful or satisfied with what they have. Their mentality eludes them from the reality.”
“Our hearts beat in unison, in time with the rhythm of life.”
“Nobody's happy. What's happy? Happiness is over when the lights come on”
“Theoretical knowledge is not the exclusive domain of ivory tower intellectuals, but is, in fact, a crucial necessity of man's proper survival. Every bit of your mental contents is derived from some theory, and your success and happiness hinge on whether it is true or false, good or evil.”
“A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.”
“Humans with different needs, wants, ways of being, ways of experiencing reality — there must also be a diversity of happiness… We each need space to try to achieve happiness privately, without interference from the public… We obscure our own happiness from ourselves by trying to project it and articulate it and prove it to others. These sites… flatten and falsify happiness when they ask us to affirm each other’s life choices through likes.”
“The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.”
“Maybe heaven is getting to live forever in one really wonderful moment .I've made a point of collecting happy moments, ones I might like to live in for all time.”
“ "Mom, Arnie Welsh keeps calling me a geek. He says it like it's a bad thing. Is being a geek a bad thing?" "Of course not, Soda Pop. And don't listen to labels. They don't matter." "What are labels?" "It's an imaginery sticker people slap on you with the word they think you are written on it. It doesn't matter who they think you are. It matters who you think you are." "I think I might be a geek." She laughed. "Then you be a geek. Just be whatever makes you happy, Soda Pop, and I'll be happy too. ”
“Sometimes the hardest paths lead us to the most beautiful places.”
“His hand lay across my stomach as he slept soundly. I entwined my fingers with his and breathed through the warmth that seeped through my chest. Such a simple, sweet thing to do, yet holding hands in bed was incredibly intimate.”
“I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.”
“What others view as setbacks, Firestarters see as opportunities to learn and grow more.”
“If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now, while they’re happy.”
“I'd far rather be happy than right any day.”
“I had no idea so much happiness could be experienced by simply sitting in a chair.”
“I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.”
“The pursuit of happiness is internal.”
“Happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic.”
“In the flutter of a butterfly’s wings, we find a gentle reminder to appreciate the small moments in life and to find joy in life’s simple pleasures.”
“Happy are those who have no malice, hate, envy, deceit, bitterness, in their hearts.”
“It is the very mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life”
“Live your life, sing your song. Not full of expectations. Not for the ovations. But for the joy of it.”
“The joy from eating does not come from the exclusivity of the food, but instead from the sensitivity that we eat it with.”
“He took a hairpin out of my untidy hair (by now my complicated arrangement of ringlets must have looked as if a couple of birds had been nesting there); he took a strand of it and wound it around his finger. With his other hand he began stroking my face, and then he bent down and kissed me again, this time very cautiously. I closed my eyes - and the same thing happened as before: my brain suffered that delicious break in transmission.”
“Yes: I exist inside my body. I’m not carrying the sun and the moon in my pocket. I don’t want to conquer worlds because I slept badly, And I don’t want to eat the world for breakfast because I have a stomach. Indifferent? No: a son of the earth, who, if he jumps, it’s wrong, A moment in the air that’s not for us, And only happy when his feet hit the ground again, Pow! In reality where nothing’s missing! (6/20/1919)”
“Love me like Saturday night, like three glasses of champagne, like the room is spinning, like you're drunk on my love.”
“To pursue happiness for its own sake is the surest way to lose it.”
“These examples suggest what one needs to learn to control attention. In principle any skill or discipline one can master on one’s own will serve: meditation and prayer if one is so inclined; exercise, aerobics, martial arts for those who prefer concentrating on physical skills. Any specialization or expertise that one finds enjoyable and where one can improve one’s knowledge over time. The important thing, however, is the attitude toward these disciplines. If one prays in order to be holy, or exercises to develop strong pectoral muscles, or learns to be knowledgeable, then a great deal of the benefit is lost. The important thing is to enjoy the activity for its own sake, and to know that what matters is not the result, but the control one is acquiring over one’s attention.”
“Certainly the most destructive vice if you like, that a person can have. More than pride, which is supposedly the number one of the cardinal sins - is self pity. Self pity is the worst possible emotion anyone can have. And the most destructive. It is, to slightly paraphrase what Wilde said about hatred, and I think actually hatred's a subset of self pity and not the other way around - ' It destroys everything around it, except itself '. Self pity will destroy relationships, it'll destroy anything that's good, it will fulfill all the prophecies it makes and leave only itself. And it's so simple to imagine that one is hard done by, and that things are unfair, and that one is underappreciated, and that if only one had had a chance at this, only one had had a chance at that, things would have gone better, you would be happier if only this, that one is unlucky. All those things. And some of them may well even be true. But, to pity oneself as a result of them is to do oneself an enormous disservice. I think it's one of things we find unattractive about the american culture, a culture which I find mostly, extremely attractive, and I like americans and I love being in america. But, just occasionally there will be some example of the absolutely ravening self pity that they are capable of, and you see it in their talk shows. It's an appalling spectacle, and it's so self destructive. I almost once wanted to publish a self help book saying 'How To Be Happy by Stephen Fry : Guaranteed success'. And people buy this huge book and it's all blank pages, and the first page would just say - ' Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself - And you will be happy '. Use the rest of the book to write down your interesting thoughts and drawings, and that's what the book would be, and it would be true. And it sounds like 'Oh that's so simple', because it's not simple to stop feeling sorry for yourself, it's bloody hard. Because we do feel sorry for ourselves, it's what Genesis is all about.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Dear me! how happy and good we'd be, if we had no worries!”
“A doctor, a logician and a marine biologist had also just arrived, flown in at phenomenal expense from Maximegalon to try to reason with the lead singer who had locked himself in the bathroom with a bottle of pills and was refusing to come out till it could be proved conclusively to him that he wasn't a fish. The bass player was busy machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer was nowhere on board. Frantic inquiries led to the discovery that he was standing on a beach on Santraginus V over a hundred light years away where, he claimed, he had been happy for over half an hour now and had found a small stone that would be his friend.”
“Manners and politeness will never become old-fashioned.”
“Happiness is fleeting, but satisfaction, fulfillment, and love of our own lives can last forever. It is impossible to experience happiness for days or weeks on end. Eventually, it will burn out like any other hedonistic emotion. The sense of fulfillment of our purpose - the knowledge that we made the world a better place and enjoyed the process - is what life is truly about.”
“I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.”
“Cosmic Ordering is a licence to print money.”
“I was listening to sad music in quiet and that was pure happiness to me I was talking and sharing thoughts and that was pure sadness to me Live a life you enjoy not a life you want to”
“In Zen, there is an old saying: The obstacle is the path. Know that a whole and happy life is not free of obstacles. Quite the contrary, a whole and happy life is riddled with obstacles-they simply become the very stepping-stones that help lift us to a new perspective. It is not what happens to us in this life that shapes us, it is how we choose to respond to what happens to us.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“Sex could be a blissful communion,. But it could also be a weapon, and its absence, sometimes, was required for the establishment of peace.”
“Not he must sink into the warm sea, lose himself in order to find himself again, swim in that warm moonlight in order to silence what remained of the past, to bring to birth the deep song of his happiness. He undressed, clambered down a few rocks, and entered the sea. It was as warm as a body, another body that ran down his arms and clung to his legs with an ineffable yet omnipresent embrace.”
“Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own: he who, secure within, can say, Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today. Be fair or foul, or rain or shine the joys I have possessed, in spite of fate, are mine. Not Heaven itself, upon the past has power, but what has been, has been, and I have had my hour.”
“Smile the life is temporary change your thinking to positivity attempt to have happiness from your inside with your tears and sorrow nothing will be abide nothing will remain forever let your smile stay longer.”
“The formula of happiness and success is just, being actually yourself, in the most vivid possible way you can.”
“We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.”
“Don’t let a brief moment of happiness leave you with a lifetime of regret.”
“If one's bowels move, one is happy, and if they don't move, one is unhappy. That is all there is to it.”
“I am happy. I have something to accomplish, create, and achieve. I am happy.”
“But maybe happiness isn't in the choosing. Maybe it's in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.”
“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
“Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.”
“It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”
“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
“There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.”
“The advance of regret can be so gradual that it is impossible to say "yesterday I was happy, today I am not.”
“Feel grateful. There are always things that are relatively quite good in your life that you never paid attention to because you were always comparing your expectations and comparing yourself with others. Gratitude is helpful because when you feel like shit due to all the errors and omissions in your life you can pull out the Book of Blessings and feel grateful. That “attitude of gratitude” (such a cheesy phrase but so accurate) will jack up your sense of satisfaction.”
“Intrinsically, we humans want to be happy. Evaluative happiness tends to be more stable, and therefore sustainable. Happiness derives from having a purpose, i.e. the pursuit of an interesting and challenging something, which is greater than oneself.”
“Besides, with love one can live even without happiness.”
“It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and its perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.”
“You don’t have to be ‘perfect’ to be happy”
“To be happy in absolute terms, along with our happiness, all the world must be happy so that we don’t have to worry for anyone!”
“Why is it that we spend so much of our time preparing for when we can do what we want, instead of just doing what we want right now?”
“The greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances.”
“People don't get to choose their family, but if you have the family you would choose - that's happiness.”
“Blaming is so much easier than taking responsibility, because if you take responsibility … then you might be to blame.”
“Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise”
“Nature's secret is simplicity and patience.”
“When you use Cosmic Ordering you will move from cloud nine to cloud ten.”
“Unusual things, they quickly grab my attention. Messy hair and rainy days are my kinds of perfection, but I mostly love when you kiss me hard and take me beyond this realm to that holy place I only find with you.”
“Compassion is the signature of Higher Consciousness. Non-violence is the tool to evolve into the Higher Consciousness.”
“It is indisputable that the being whose capacities of enjoyment are low, has the greatest chance of having them fully satisfied; and a highly endowed being will always feel that any happiness which he can look for, as the world is constituted, is imperfect. But he can learn to bear its imperfections, if they are at all bearable; and they will not make him envy the being who is indeed unconscious of the imperfections, but only because he feels not at all the good which those imperfections qualify. It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, is of a different opinion, it is only because they only know their own side of the question.”
“The withering wind whispers secrets of change, reminding us that nothing stays the same forever.”
