“When you grow up without a father, you think there is no center and no end to the universe, and you think you can do whatever you want ," said Serhat. "But eventually you find you don't know what you want, you start looking for some sort of meaning, some focus in your life: someone to tell you no.”
“Aim higher. You're thinking too small.”
“For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. ”
“…nothing is evil in the beginning.”
“One need not believe in Pallas Athena, the virgin goddess, to be overwhelmed by the Parthenon. Similarly, a man who rejects all dogmas, all theologies and all religious formulations of beliefs may still find Genesis the sublime book par excellence. Experiences and aspirations of which intimations may be found in Plato, Nietzsche, and Spinoza have found their most evocative expression in some sacred books. Since the Renaissance, Shakespeare, Rembrandt, Mozart, and a host of others have shown that this religious dimension can be experienced and communicated apart from any religious context. But that is no reason for closing my heart to Job's cry, or to Jeremiah's, or to the Second Isaiah. I do not read them as mere literature; rather, I read Sophocles and Shakespeare with all my being, too.”
“I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.”
“You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.”
“We cannot be in the present if we are still clinging to our past.”
“A drop of water shall be returned with a burst of spring.”
“Let us cry for the spilt milk , by all means, if by doing so we learn how to avoid spilling any more. Let us cry for the spilt milk , and remember how, and where, and why, we spilt it. Much wisdom is learnt through tears, but none by forgetting our lessons.”
“Ask God Almighty, Divine Helper to help you.”
“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
“Sometimes things don't go as planned. It's okay to try something new and unexpected. But whatever you do, just have fun.”
“How long are you going to keep watching others live their dreams without going after your own?”
“The earth’s surface is not smooth everywhere. Life is just like that; it is full of twists and turns.”
“Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.”
“Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.”
“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”
“Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.”
“Dream big, you owe no one an explanation for the size of your DREAM”
“You often feel tired, not because you've done too much, but because you've done too little of what sparks a light in you.”
“Don’t fight with darkness, just come out of it.”
“When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.”
“Rather than lying to ourselves that we are the best, I find it more commonsensical we accept ourselves the way we are. No amount of positive self-talk, expensive plastic surgery can remedy a broken self-image.”
“Drama free workplace and ego free team mates are crucial for a healthier workplace”
“Let "them" sleep on you. Just make sure YOU never do. You are your own muse.”
“One who perseveres in pursuit of their aspirations is a victor.”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Treat yourself today! You are a unique, sparkling, spectacular soul. Celebrate you!”
“Human imagination is the seat of discrimination. It has two choices: to imagine a world without fear or imagine a world with amplified fear.”
“From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.”
“Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.”
“Fear can keep us stuck in our comfort zone, but courage can open us up to tremendous possibilities and growth. The choice is yours.”
“O’ quiet, the steadfast mind ponders a lot, with thoughts, so high in a creative surge. sinks into the Lethe of solitude sincerely, and forgets the cloudy paths of an awful past.”
“Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.”
“Have faith in the universe and its capability to lead you to the path of abundance.”
“Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.”
“Dare to Be When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. Dare to be the best you can – At all times, Dare to be!”
“The ‘purpose’ element of onboarding is where you begin to lay the foundation of success for your new team member.”
“I logged in and created content everyday for two years. No days off. I was driven by my passion but also my obedience to God, who said that I was doing this for a purpose. God was trying to show me something, and in order for me to see, I had to do my part. My part was being consistent.”
“Because I always feel like running Not away, because there is no such place Because if there was, I would have found it by now Because it's easier to run, Easier than staying and finding out you're the only one who didn't run Because running will be the way your life and mine will be described, As in "the long run" Or as in having "given someone a run for his money" Or as in "running out of time" Because running makes me look like everyone else, though I hope there will never be cause for that Because I will be running in the other direction, not running for cover Because if I knew where cover was, I would stay there and never have to run for it Not running for my life, because I have to be running for something of more value to be running and not in fear Because the thing I fear cannot be escaped, eluded, avoided, hidden from, protected from, gotten away from, Not without showing the fear as I see it now Because closer, clearer, no sir, nearer Because of you and because of that nice That you quietly, quickly be causing And because you're going to see me run soon and because you're going to know why I'm running then You'll know then Because I'm not going to tell you now”
“Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken!”
“Nervousness kill us  because we think we have only one opportunity that is in the Present and we don't think about the future! We loose our balance.”
“It always works when you know what you're doing”
“Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.”
“A healthy person can accept criticism.”
“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”
“What's meant to be will always find a way”
“It's okay,” he said. “We're together.” He didn't say you're okay , or we're alive . After all they'd been through over the last year, he knew that the most important thing was that they were together. She loved him for saying that.”
“I'll find out the truth,' Leta whispered into the black. 'I promise, Mother.”
“See every good-bye as a thank you.”
“A woman of God will never impress others at the expense of her relationship with God.”
“Life isn't about how popular you are What girl or boy you are dating or who you know. Life is about always being true to who you are or what you believe in. Never let anyone convince you that their way is better than your way. In the end, all we have is our hearts.. and our minds. This is the reason we sing.. this is the reason we cry this is why we live.”
“It's not very easy to grow up into a woman. We are always taught, almost bombarded, with ideals of what we should be at every age in our lives: "This is what you should wear at age twenty", "That is what you must act like at age twenty-five", "This is what you should be doing when you are seventeen." But amidst all the many voices that bark all these orders and set all of these ideals for girls today, there lacks the voice of assurance. There is no comfort and assurance. I want to be able to say, that there are four things admirable for a woman to be, at any age! Whether you are four or forty-four or nineteen! It's always wonderful to be elegant, it's always fashionable to have grace, it's always glamorous to be brave, and it's always important to own a delectable perfume! Yes, wearing a beautiful fragrance is in style at any age!”
“so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.”
“Those who aren’t looking for help aren’t at the point where they need it yet. It’s everyone else who’s acting out of fear instead understanding.”
“There is a higher form of hierarchy and that is the hierarchy of the spirit. When I stand in front of a person, I stand in front of a soul and I have met magnificent souls in bodies possessing no money, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies bathed in riches. In the same light, I have met magnificent souls in bodies bathed in wealth, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies that are impoverished. I am tired of people busying their minds with hierarchy based upon money, because this form of hierarchy is primitive; meanwhile there is an altogether higher form of hierarchy that is of the soul. As you judge man and woman based upon their riches, I laugh at your primitive form of judgment! When I stand in front of a human, I stand in front of a soul.”
“I write because I wish to make for ideas, which are my ideas, a place in the world. If I could foresee that these ideas must take from you peace of mind and repose, if in these ideas that I sow I should see the germs of bloody wars and even the cause of the ruins of many generations, I would nevertheless continue to spread them. It is neither for the love of you nor even for the love of truth that I express what I think. No—I sing! I sing because I am a singer. If I use you in this way, it is because I have need of your ears.”
“Time weighs down on you like an old, ambiguous dream. You keep on moving, trying to sleep through it. But even if you go to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape it. Still, you have to go there- to the edge of the world. There's something you can't do unless you get there.”
“What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward.”
“My feelings were tangled up in knots. Guilt intertwined with innocence. Worry with calm. I had feelings I couldn’t name. But I believed that every human being had a right to live in peace.”
“See it, feel it, trust it!”
“I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!”
“rules were meant to be broken crowds were meant to break apart you were meant to be somebody”
“When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make a commitment that you're going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life  it's a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.”
“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
“It takes a whole life to switch from imagination to visualization!”
“Don’t give away what you stand for.. It is who you are .. So do not lose yourself”
“Before teaching your child anything, teach them the basic lessons of entrepreneurship so that they can become an independent human being on this planet”
“Walking alone through nature can be meditative.”
“To become the most successful person, focus on one thing and keep working on that one thing throughout your life.”
“Time spent under a burden is often time well spent.”
“What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.”
“Things do not change; we change.”
“When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.”
“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
“Don't let obstacles hinder your journey, turn them into stepping stones and keep pushing towards your goals.”
“Are you passionate enough about a specific topic to become a subject matter expert, or entrepreneur in a particular field?”
“Being surrounded by trees serves as a constant reminder that, while growth is a slow process, the outcomes can be breathtaking.”
“There is nothing like the courage to act.”
“It did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us. We needed to stop asking about the meaning of life, and instead to think of ourselves as those who were being questioned by life—daily and hourly. Our answer must consist, not in talk and meditation, but in right action and in right conduct. Life ultimately means taking the responsibility to find the right answer to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual.”
“He is schizophrenic, this is how he was diagnosed with the CIA, and his schizophrenia is his strength, he comes out of a personality, directly impersonating a new one, a completely different one, which he experiences as if he had in it for his whole life. This is every professional agent’s strong point, but it comes at such a high price that it in many cases often ends up in a whiff of insanity. Therefore, they must be monitored and psychologically evaluated on a periodic basis. The last thing the agency wants is a suicidal agent with a message exposing many secrets, or a biased towards their opponents, or a madman circling the streets babbling from here and there. It takes its responsibilities towards them, these people suffer a lot, and the more they train, the more they work, the more professional they become, and the crazier they are. But there was something different about him, which Alex did not miss. Not that schizophrenia that she knew; When sitting with him, talking to him, all the paper reports seem as if they were written about a different person, as if deep down another person about whom no one knows anything yet, and as if all these characters he played are one character as if everything grows from inside him. What she was most concerned about is whether he is honest in being an intelligence agent, or is it a role he plays, as are the dozens of roles he played and plays for the agency. Many doubts revolve around him, officers were unable to manage him, and deal with him. The agency changed the liaison officer with him every few months, he is somewhat out of control, but at the same time, it is unable to terminate his services. The closer the agency got to making that decision, the more he did something that made them stick to it more, creative, distinct, and innovative, that we cannot easily let go of. Until Alex arrived, the only liaison officer he had worked with for years. His condition stabilized, he was no longer that mysterious brawler, she understood him completely, she threw all the reports, papers, and opinions behind her back, and dealt with him directly, without barriers. He was not simply pretending, he was not acting, he was really him. Every character he played, every lie he lied, every mess he made, it was him, without acting. And he said to her, they are all composite characters. If you look at each character, you will find something that connects them to the other, that they are like cubes, I build them on top of each other, I do not play them. What you need is to look at the details, and you will find a fine thread connecting them. He trusted her, and so did she. She became his friend, perhaps the only one in this world until Katrina entered his life. She knows nothing of what happened to him lately, but she knows that man deep inside him at the bottom of the pyramid of the cubes, “he will not hurt me, I trusted him before, I trust him today, his chivalry will not accept treachery, not of this kind, he will not do it”.”
“It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.”
“You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.”
“The infirmity of a crooked junkies lies seen to the abominable cowards" but the less learned lessons always goes on".”
“Your life has come at the expense of a nearly infinite number of other potential lives that will now never get to be lived because you get to live.”
“Very often in everyday life one sees that by losing one's temper with someone who has already lost his, one does not gain anything but only sets out upon the path of stupidity. He who has enough self-control to stand firm at the moment when the other person is in a temper, wins in the end. It is not he who has spoken a hundred words aloud who has won; it is he who has perhaps spoken only one word.”
“That’s what you say That I’m different And unique Right? Am I right? Because that is me I always fight I fight and fight and fight all day Long after everyone has left And gone away Long after there is no play”
“Writer’s block results from too much head. Cut off your head. Pegasus, poetry, was born of Medusa when her head was cut off. You have to be reckless when writing. Be as crazy as your conscience allows.”
“The irresponsibility of others must not hinder us from doing what is right and good.”
“Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.”
“The goal is to reduce the time of suffering not eliminate it”
“In a romantic relationship, intentionally using the Law of Attraction is an amazing method. It is incredibly beneficial to speak beautiful and positive words into your partner. Especially when you're talking about them to an outside person. Speak and think what you want to manifest into your relationship.”
“IT MAY NOT KILL YOU PHYSICALLY HOWEVER IT CAN STILL KILL YOUR SPIRIT! ~FRIEND IN YOUR POCKET”
“We must stop beginning our sentences with ‘I wish ’ and substitute for ‘I am grateful for ”
“Education is teaching our children to desire the right things.”
“When one has a mighty opponent that can't be defeated, it is wiser to become its friend rather than an enemy. -Emit Eht”
“When we begin to live like wildflowers, we put so much of our hearts into blossoming even in the most hostile surroundings.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“I is for Integrity, be honest with yourself and others.”
“How strange that we should ordinarily feel compelled to hide our wounds when we are all wounded! Community requires the ability to expose our wounds and weaknesses to our fellow creatures. It also requires the ability to be affected by the wounds of others  But even more important is the love that arises among us when we share, both ways, our woundedness.”
“When I was growing up I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific.”
“Suffering usually relates to wanting things to be different from the way they are.”
“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
“You lose nothing when fighting for a cause   In my mind the losers are those who don't have a cause they care about.”
“Caution means be careful.”
“Cease trying to work everything out with your mind. It will get you nowhere. Live by intuition and inspiration and let your whole life be a Revelation.”
“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“You work very diligently to secure a life you are proud of.”
“I’m bored’ is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say ‘I’m bored.”
“Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!”
“Live Free or Die; Death is Not the Worst of Evils.”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life…”
“Keep creating: the world yearns to celebrate your next masterpiece.”
“One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”
“Forgiveness provide you strength Word Sorry make you calm”
“I couldn't tell fact from fiction, Or if the dream was true My only sure prediction In this world was you. I'd touch your features inchly. Beard love and dared the cost, The sented spiel reeled me unreal And I found my senses lost.”
“The war to preserve the privilege of mythmaking”
“Compassion crowns the soul with its truest victory.”
“Freedom is not the absence of commitment, and to be committed to something or to someone does not mean the loss of freedom. But freedom exists in the realm of the unbound and to be free is to be committed to that which is a part of the unbound realm. Whatever sets your soul to flight is freedom. If someone sets your soul to flight, to stay with that person is not to lose freedom but to stay with that person is to retain freedom. Together you have what is unbound. Whatever will swell your spirit and give you wings, is freedom, and it is a fault if you let go of that for the very reason that you are afraid of losing your freedom and in doing so you have in fact let go of what will keep you unbound.”
“No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse.”
“The past has no power over the present moment.”
“I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.”
“Sometimes transformation begins with darkness. Complete and total darkness. Sometimes transformation feels like not being able to move— Not being able to breathe. And it hurts. When everything inside melts. Moves. Becomes different. And sometimes, when we feel like this is the end— that we have reached our capacity— that there is no room to exist here— in this moment. In this feeling. In this place— We find strength to push just a little harder, to see the light. To stretch our wings. To wake up. And realize that we have been changed. And our souls are somehow more beautiful— in spite of it. Because of it. Keep pushing. You’re almost there.”
“Let your dream becomes ideas and ideas become solutions.”
“Most late bloomers win big at life in their older years. Don't sleep on the unnoticed and the underrated. The wheel of fortune will eventually turn in their favor.”
“Life is magical, but you will never realize that magic around people who constantly pull you down.”
“Play often. Play regularly. But never play all the time.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“Problems are puzzles to be solved.”
“One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.”
“Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.”
“Loving yourself is scary. That's why people don't do it. To love yourself is to make eye contact with yourself and to stare a measureless distance into your soul, love what you see and embrace the journey to and through the pillars of emotion, then rest on the cushion of the heart. Imagine that. Then, make it a reality.”
“We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”
“Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!”
“Stay focused and use every moment of your life to achieve your goals.”
“There's no traffic in your lane.”
“Be not deceived, Wormwood, our cause is never more in jeopardy than when a human, no longer desiring but still intending to do our Enemy's will, looks round upon a universe in which every trace of Him seems to have vanished, and asks why he has been forsaken, and still obeys.”
“There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.”
“Life is common among the living.”
“Be the leading light in your own life and break free from your socially constructed boxes to become better, bolder and brighter.”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, that one is able to show the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it in priority”
“If you're feeling helpless, help someone. ”
“In a one year timeline, it might look like you are losing when you're the winner in a 10 years timeline.”
“All the work you are doing in silence is opening doors; trust your pace.”
“Rise to the occassion which is life!”
“The hardest battle you are ever going to have to fight is the battle to be just you.”
“Those who don't do, bark. Those who are humans, do.”
“Joining a coterie requires no effort, but it takes every sinew to be a man of your standing”
“Teach her about difference. Make difference ordinary. Make difference normal. Teach her not to attach value to difference. And the reason for this is not to be fair or to be nice but merely to be human and practical. Because difference is the reality of our world. And by teaching her about difference, you are equipping her to survive in a diverse world. She must know and understand that people walk different paths in the world and that as long as those paths do no harm to others, they are valid paths that she must respect. Teach her that we do not know – we cannot know – everything about life. Both religion and science have spaces for the things we do not know, and it is enough to make peace with that. Teach her never to universalise her own standards or experiences. Teach her that her standards are for her alone, and not for other people. This is the only necessary form of humility: the realisation that difference is normal.”
“He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.”
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”
“Best not to look back. Best to believe there will be happily ever afters all the way around - and so there may be; who is to say there will not be such endings? Not all boats which sail away into darkness never find the sun again, or the hand of another child; if life teaches anything at all, it teaches that there are so many happy endings that the man who believes there is no God needs his rationality called into serious question..”
“In a few more days I'd anticipated telling Veronika that our injections had cured her heart condition. But in light of her unscheduled departure form Villette my telling that particular lie will not be required. The majority of people who attempt suicide repeat that attempt until they succeed. I took a risk in lying to her about her condition, i decided to test the only remedy i have come to have any faith in: awareness of life. Until she finds out from some other doctor that she is perfectly healthy. She'll consider each day a miracle. Which in my view it is.”
“You can realize no significant change without changing your actions.”
“It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.”
“Dear Superwoman, Time and again, some people will hope to see your life go down the drain. That is why, time and again, you have to remind yourself that your life can never be in vain.”
“There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.”
“When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.”
“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG”
“Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.”
“Why is it that we spend so much of our time preparing for when we can do what we want, instead of just doing what we want right now?”
“The story needed to be told that how Curvaceous world like as a harmonic words in the ocean.”
“‎By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.”
“Just as air sustains life, a Father’s love silently anchors us, giving strength to our roots and lifting us towards the skies.”
“shower time, steam rising, going on a caffeine binge – it’s not the juice that juices me, it’s that taste and the rock and roll blaring evil and gorgeous in the morning darkness”
“Do what you love or die a slow death doing what you hate”
“He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.”
“Love does not self-destruct; we congest it with hostile disputes and erode it with hollow assurances.”
“But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from "best.”
“Don’t pass judgement on how humans communicate with the supreme because everyone has their way of doing things.”
“Shared with Public Your adoration soothes the hearts Oh Beloved, Your light flows from my wounds while I taste the isolation in a sip of wine Sip after sip I leave the shadow of your creation towards the Absolute Consciousness”
“Love to be unliked because it where you'll gain strength,indipendent.”
“Little girls smile through their sadness, women weep, and hunger burns through the hollow lives of those who plead for someone, anyone, to listen to their misery.”
“No one is less than, no one is more, we are all exactly the same at the core.”
“Humans are not mortals, but their achievements are always!”
“Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”
“Dig deep and empower yourself today. Stand in your inner strength. Be uniquely you.”
“Accept hardship as a necessary discipline.”
“There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.”
“Toddlers will attach themselves to energies that feel comfortable to them. Because energies don't lie.”
“The dream is as a light, if you do not convert into ambition, then there will be no mission”
“Love yourself enough to protect you in you by living healthy life.”
“Life is not a movie, and that is why you must never tolerate actors who come in the name of love yet are filled with too many lies.”
“One of the morals to the story: Don't just study your cards  study the players.”
“Seek what you cannot achieve, and you will find what you can.”
“When you have purpose, it flashes through your eyes, blazes through your gait, rings in your step and shines through every single thing you do. The beauty of purpose is if it's there it's everything. If it isn't there, it's nothing. When clouds purpose to embrace the earth, they become tornadoes. When dust purposes to kiss the sky, it becomes dust storm. -Emit Eht”
“I’m not going to die because I failed as someone else. I’m going to succeed as myself.”
“It’s never been easier for audiences to skip, filter, or avoid advertising, so the best ideas are the ones that respect that the audience needs to get something out of the work; it should inspire, satisfy, or motivate them. You can’t just bombard people with messages anymore.”
“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”
“Humanity exists as a culmination of generations upon generations of knowledge.”
“Sometimes familiar things were bad because they kept you stuck. Sometimes, no matter how much you've been hurt, no matter how scary something feels, it's imortant to take a deep breath, take the leap and do those scary things anyway, because they move you forward in life.”
“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love  ”
“When you have the power to love, that strength, that courage is infinite; that love is infinite. There is nothing finite about it's presence, for love. never. dies.”
“If you have the courage to be honest with everyone, including yourself, you may hurt a few people's feelings, but they will forever value your opinion more than your half truths.”
“In the mist of Difficulty lies Opportunity.”
“I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.”
“There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear " he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.”
“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.”
“Don't be upset if God doesn't answer your urgent prayers, He may be protecting you from unforseen circumstances.”
“I see the world in a different way, A gift that comes with challenges each day. My mind is wired in a unique fashion, But my pen and paper are my greatest passion. Words flow freely from my mind, In ways that are hard to define. They dance and twirl, they sing and rhyme, A kaleidoscope of colors, a symphony of time. My writing is my voice, my soul's expression, A way to communicate without hesitation. It's a bridge that connects me to the world, A gift that helps me to be heard. Though my struggles may be many, My writing is a place where I feel plenty. A space where I can be myself, And share my thoughts without anyone else. So I'll keep writing, day by day, And let my words light up the way. For in my writing, I find my strength, And the power to go to any length. I have a non verbal learning disorder, A condition that can make life harder. But when I write, I feel free, And my words help me to be me. My writing is a gift that I treasure, A source of joy that brings me pleasure. It's a way to express what's in my heart, And share my thoughts in a world apart. In a world that often misinterprets, My writing is a way to connect. It gives me a voice that's loud and clear, And helps me to overcome my fear. For though my words may stumble and falter, They are the key to my soul's altar. A place where I can be myself, And share my thoughts with anyone else. So I'll keep writing, day by day, And let my words lead the way. For in my writing, I find my voice, And the strength to make my own choice.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.”
“Popularity does not happen overnight with a blink of an eye. It takes time, effort and creative knowledge to reach that particular goal in life.”
“Knowledge is freedom and ignorance is slavery.”
“How you react emotionally is a choice in any situation.”
“[During childhood,] My friends would laugh at me [at my appearance] as well as for my big plans. They began to call me, Shaikh Chilli, a legendary character with big dreams and no action. They joked, "When all the matter in your head dries up it will shrivel like stale bread. Think a little, about a little. It is better for your future." I was never discouraged and smiled back at them, “l can begin small, but why should I think small.”
“Know when to stay, and when to leave the room.”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.”
“There are strategies available to us to avoid unnecessary willpower expenditure.”
“Humans will never reach a stage where they know everything.”
“If you lose today, try tomorrow, if you lose tomorrow, try one more time, try again and again till you win because that is the only way to win big in your life”
“Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!”
“The internet has done a tremendous job in making information readily available for all to see.”
“Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.”
“On top of the world, we realise our dreams are not confined to the ground below but can soar to great heights when we dare to chase them.”
“The inspiration from my family, profound emotional experiences, and encounters with global and local issues have all contributed to my drive to write and bring about positive change.”
“It was easier to give up, but was that really how she wanted her life to end? Kaiya Parks - gone at seventeen, experienced little of life, accomplished even less.”
“Don't stop until you get five-finger clarity on your values and beliefs.”
“Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!”
“Don't let anyone tell you otherwise: your potential is LimitLESS! Stop doubting your potential. Work hard, take small steps and make your dreams a reality.”
“Inception is true.”
“Fear and realisation of ignorance, strong medicines against stupid pride.”
“My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.”
“What students need to do, is “learn to think, learn to speak, learn to write, and find something that they are excited about. If they can do that, they’re going to do well.”
“Cinder gaped at her stepmother, her own anger eclipsed with a surprising jolt of pity. This woman was full of so much ignorance it was almost like she wanted to stay that way. She saw what she wanted, believed anything to support her limited view of the world. (…)Five years she had lived with this woman, and never once had she seen Cinder as she was. As Kai saw her, and Thorne and Iko and all the people who trusted her. All the people who knew her. She shook her head, finding it easier than she’d expected to dismiss her stepmother’s words. “I’m done trying to explain myself to you. I’m done seeking your approval. I’m done with you.”
“The mind is everything in this world. It is the source of all pain and suffering. If the mind can be healed, it will cure all illnesses in this world.”
“Find what you love and go after it. Know where you would love to build your strength. Pursue what keeps you excited for longer than anyone else, for that’s the thing where you will start to have an added advantage over everyone else.”
“A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.”
“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”
“Choose whether you'll approach life half-ass or kick-ass. There really is no in-between.”
“There are people who have money and people who are rich.”
“Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!”
“Today stretches ahead of you waiting to be shaped. You are the sculptor who gets to do the shaping. What today will be like is up to you.”
“Let us labor for an inward stillness-- An inward stillness and an inward healing. That perfect silence where the lips and heart Are still, and we no longer entertain Our own imperfect thoughts and vain opinions, But God alone speaks to us and we wait In singleness of heart that we may know His will, and in the silence of our spirits, That we may do His will and do that only”
“A confident woman does not brag about how she brought another woman down. She operates at a level higher than that.”
“Sit around too long thinking about how to begin and you’ll consume all your provisions while your ship rots in the harbor.”
“The love we say we feel for another is, in most cases, just a selfish hunt for our own happiness.”
“We're going to aspire to break through and create our own reality.”
“There are no enemies, just hurting people.”
“I can’t get over the things I felt When I discovered your scent on the boardwalk Yeah, it made me smile hard With your name, written in chalk And when you look up, just remember me Yeah, ‘cause I’m your heart guard”
“Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment. ”
“This world is not a wonderful place where unfortunately many evil things happen; but this world is a terrible place where fortunately many miracles and other wonderful things happen.”
“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
“The greatest risk to man is not that he aims too high and misses, but that he aims too low and hits.”
“Determine to do a diligent work.”
“Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.”
“When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that’s when he won’t want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.”
“It’s hard to believe there are people that don’t read books. There’s so much magic in words and well told stories.”
“Harness awareness, and mold your days into what you wish them to be.”
“Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.”
“Anything which elevates the mind is sublime, and elevation of mind is produced by the contemplation of greatness of any kind, whether of matter, space, power, beauty or virtue.”
“Set goals that make your heart sing. Then achieving them is an experience of uplifting joy.”
“Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.”
“You are your own savior, champion, and best friend, your own Knight in Shining Armor.”
“Some prayers takes years for God to answer, thereof, keep praying!”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“For me, you are fresh water that falls from trees when it has stopped raining. For me, you are cinnamon that lingers on the tongue and gives bitter words sweetening. For me, you are the scent of violins and vision of valleys smiling. And still, for me, your loveliness never ends. It traverses the world and finds its way back to me. Only me.”
“The best remedy for a man in his suffering is to submit to his Sovereign LORD.”
“Mistakes are not always a clear indicator of lack of effort or incompetency.”
“A mountain is the best medicine for a troubled mind. Seldom does man ponder his own insignificance. He thinks he is master of all things. He thinks the world is his without bonds. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Only when he tramps the mountains alone, communing with nature, observing other insignificant creatures about him, to come and go as he will, does he awaken to his own short-lived presence on earth.”
“You are on the right path; harmony will encompass your life, bringing healing and turning your life into one you find appealing, leaving you in a delightful feeling, attracting even more abundance to which there is no ceiling.”
“Last night's dream was a draft for later ”
“Humans are incredibly malleable creatures, and we reserve the right to seek out growth for the entirety of our lives.”
“Dear Superwoman, Your mental health should never be secondary. Nothing is worth keeping, if it primarily steals your sanity and inner peace.”
“Despite what you think you know, sometimes your plans may be interrupted. Because you were designed for a purpose. You are on a mission to achieve greatness. No matter what obstacles lie in your path, you will reach your destination. Remember God's grace is sufficient.”
“Big dreamers and inventors have always been underestimated by the leaders of their times”
“Your greatest successes in life will often come from assisting others in their endeavours.”
“Some people look as if they have lost their eagerness and passion. Their aspiration seems to be exhausted and fresh inspiration has abandoned their weary mind. Life has boundlessly given them material welfare, which has fully spoiled them in the end. No energy for longing has been left, as they have reached a twilight zone. The twilight of desire. ( "Twilight of desire" )”
“Kindness is a gentle touch that heals unseen wounds, whereas compassion is the empathy that binds us in our common human experience.”
“Politics is not a career, it's a responsibility”
“Either you run the day or the day runs you..”
“Always tell what you feel. Do what you think ”
“Leadership often requires learning, and learning requires leadership. It’s not a coincidence that these two concepts are intertwined – without one, you can’t have the other.”
“Speed is not always a constituent to great work, the process of creation should be given time and thought.”
“Don't let anybody put you in a box. You are much more than a millennial much more!”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“You'll never be able to escape the hawks or the crows.”
“Some people want to be exactly where you are, but they don't want to pay the price you paid to be where you are.”
“It's true, I suffer a great deal-- but do I suffer well ? That is the question.”
“The first place where self-esteem begins its journey is within us.”
“There's a part of you that can never change. That's the inner you. That's your BEAUTIFUL SOUL.”
“Don’t ever be afraid to promote yourself and your work. Be proud of your creations and emit that bountiful type of energy to the world. You will ultimately get it back in different forms.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.”
“But if as you read this book you're saying to yourself: "I'd rather be miserably married than be alone." Well young lady, take out your clown shoes and buckle your seat belt - it's going to be a very bumpy one-woman circus.”
“Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.”
“You don’t get what you wish for; you get what you work for.”
“Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.”
“It is OK not to be OK..It is ok to be tired, angry & sad..Then we reflect & decide to rise like a Phoenix!”
“What in hell are you really made of, Howard? After all, it's only a building. It's not the combination of holy sacrament, Indian torture, and sexual ecstasy that you seem to make of it." "Isn't it?”
“To open the door to progress, close the hinge of laziness.”
“Depend not on human beings because they change time and again. People who were once close can become estranged. That is the strange thing about life, it changes right in front of your eyes.”
“Unconditional Love conquers all!”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are opportunities to discover your true strength.”
“Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.”
“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.”
“By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream”
“Truth is an uneasy companion.”
“Curiosity is the courage to seek to know.”
“Marijuana enhances our mind in a way that enables us to take a different perspective from 'high up', to see and evaluate our own lives and the lives of others in a privileged way. Maybe this euphoric and elevating feeling of the ability to step outside the box and to look at life’s patterns from this high perspective is the inspiration behind the slang term “high” itself.”
“If you always want the validation of others, you won't grow beyond people's expectations.”
“Your personal truth is your gift to the world.”
“I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that’s not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn’t long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.”
“I understood what he was doing, that he had spent four years fulfilling the absurd and tedious duty of graduating from college and now he was emancipated from that world of abstraction, false security, parents, and material excess.”
“Some people are just our karma coming for payback.”
“There should be no shame in openly saying, I want this. There should be no shame in not knowing what one wants.”
“If you fall, do not forger stay down. May you find inner strength to rise again.”
“Explain why you're refusing to participate in an activity, or to accept an offer made to you.”
“Life hit him with the biggest burden it could find but yet it couldn’t knock him down. He is smiling as a little Nepali boy with rhododendron flowers in his hands high up in the Himalayas and is making everybody around him cheerful and calm.”
“Not everyone’s opinion matters, Not everyone’s perceptions are equal.”
“I wasn't lonely. Loneliness, I think, has very little to do with location. It's a state of mind. In the centre of every city are some of the loneliest people in the world. If anything, because our whole planet was just outside the window, I felt even more aware of and connected to the seven billion other people who call it home.”
“Ever Tried. Ever Failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.”
“There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.”
“Healthy can be unhealthy too.”
“It's your living room, it's your life, go nuts. You like Home Improvement ? Tape it and go over it like it's the Zapruder film.”
“Never deprive yourself of an opportunity to chase your ambitions.”
“All I can be is me- whoever that is. ”
“We need to help people to discover the true meaning of love. Love is generally confused with dependence. Those of us who have grown in true love know that we can love only in proportion to our capacity for independence.”
“An idea is salvation by imagination”
“Life goes on, and others replace the dead. Death changes nothing.”
“Being disciplined is a form of self care”
“YOU are your love of a lifetime.”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Our world is not safe. It is a toxic swamp populated by predators and parasites. The odds are stacked against us from the moment of conception. We survive only because we fight the elements, hunger, disease, each other. And, although civilization promises us safe harbor, that promise is a fairy tale. Only the storm is real. It comes for each of us. And we cannot win. We can only choose how we will suffer our defeat. We can meekly take our beatings, and die like lemmings, finding solace in the belief that we shall one day inherit the earth. Or, we can plunge into the chaos with eyes wide open, taking comfort instead from the bruises, scars, and broken bones which prove that we fought to live and die as gods.”
“Delayed gratification is the bridge between your present sacrifices and your future abundance.”
“No differences exist, as equals remain, the novice and the masters who practice the art of dance.”
“The fact is not kill entire populations is able to infect entire regions of land and control the only cure.”
“The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“A remarkable woman may not have earned the best marks at school, but in life she makes her mark.”
“Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.”
“Books. They are lined up on shelves or stacked on a table. There they are wrapped up in their jackets, lines of neat print on nicely bound pages. They look like such orderly, static things. Then you, the reader come along. You open the book jacket, and it can be like opening the gates to an unknown city, or opening the lid of a treasure chest. You read the first word and you're off on a journey of exploration and discovery.”
“Overthinking is the greatest thief of our dreams.”
“No project will go perfectly, nor will the end result be perfect, but as long as you had fun, that’s what matters most.”
“A powerful woman does not merely rely on the power of a man, but on the powerful hand of God.”
“Allow yourself to forge friendships with those who seize your presence in , instead of sizing it up.”
“When does this happen! What about your conscious mind, your brain, which shows you the truth at its own whims, ignores the data of the senses as it wants, and interprets it as it wants, enslaves you, colonizes you, marginalizes yourself and your truth, to survive in the body and enjoy. -How does he do it? Do you need me to tell you? After we agreed, my friend, that physical and psychological torment makes you imagine things that do not exist, contrary to the truth, and who is the one who controls the transmission of nerve signals for pain? Who controls the hormones and secretion of those that control your psychological state? Who is capable of subjecting you to the worst kinds of physical and psychological torment, to make you think that the bird is a leaf, who has the full power to do this to you? If I had a description then, it would not be more accurate than the weapon of your subconscious mind, with which it fights that devil in your head, its way to answer, find me, arrange my whole life, so that it can transcend your brain’s control over you.”
“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
“Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you”
“Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.”
“Why do we want to be present in many worlds at the same time? Just choose to live in the moment; it’s the most straightforward recipe for happiness.”
“A woman of God climbs mountains without any fear because she knows that the One, she knows will let her reach the mountaintop.”
“I forgive myself for not being who I wanted to be in the past so I can focus on being who I want to be now.”
“Yes I have done it all. Tested the shallow waters, swam through the dangerous tides, met strangers, seen friends turn strangers, taken risks to achieve my goals, persevered to out do myself each time, rose high, fell hard, learned to climb, learned to dream and in dreaming learned to relate to reality. I have earned respect, achieved things very young, believed in my potential, questioned it too but through it all I have never stopped to aspire. I am a human and I must adapt to the changing seasons, learn new skills and master them all. Now as I stand and look up, I see a heap of laurels yet to achieve and chest of mysteries yet to resolve. I am not one in the crowd. I'll forever be the one whom they could never be”
“Dear Superwoman, Be confident and comfortable to hold another woman’s hand. Have the courage to wish her well, and it shall be well with you.”
“To gain momentum of growth for yourself, keep adding moments of success achieved - however small.”
“One of the pitfalls of childhood is that one doesn't have to understand something to feel it. By the time the mind is able to comprehend what has happened, the wounds of the heart are already too deep.”
“As soon as someone drivers their attention from any team to ask, "How am I doing?" he takes his concern and energy from the task and shifts them to the question of his own adequacy or deficiency. The best motivation for doing a job well is the satisfaction of doing it.”
“There will come a time when man is no longer concerned only with survival, when he will once more be curious as to who came before him, what life was like a thousand years ago, and he will seek out answers for a hundred years or so, but humans' curiosity has always driven them to find answers.”
“Rule your mind or it will rule you.”
“A solution to a problem may be effective, but that doesn't mean it's the best solution”
“Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!”
“You will never break free from your constraints unless you're willing to risk failure to test the strength of your perceived bonds.”
“Whatever you are, be a good one.”
“Never settle for a haven; instead, venture into the unknown. The journey will be worthwhile.”
“The Fact That You Have The Ability To Stand On Stage And Sing While You’re Crying Is So Brave.”
“within you there is a power you haven’t tapped into yet. Within you is a potential you haven’t even scratched the surface of. But aren’t you sick of living in your potential and not living out your potential?”
“One who has reached a goal no longer travels the road" (Pauline Christianity, p. 111)”
“It feels like Salinger wrote The Catcher in the Rye in a day, and that incredible feeling of ease inspires writing. Inspires the pursuit of voice. Not his voice. My voice. Your voice.”
“Becoming the most authentic version of yourself isn't about finding yourself, but remembering who you are.”
“No matter how painful it may be, learn to move on.”
“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.”
“HOW do you define a word without concrete meaning? To each his own, the saying goes, so WHY push to attain an ideal state of being that no two random people will agree is WHERE you want to be? Faultless. Finished. Incomparable. People can never be these, and anyway, WHEN did creating a flawless facade become a more vital goal than learning to love the person WHO lives inside your skin? The outside belongs to others. Only you should decide for you - WHAT is perfect.”
“Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“Have a strong desire for something you truly believe in.”
“Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.”
“We must permit ourselves to accept missteps with advancements and defeat with victory.”
“A Book Is Someone's Story, Treat It Carefully, Look At It Closely.”
“Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.”
“Sometimes you feel that you are losing everything and nothing is working as per your expectations and this is the time when you need to understand that somewhere someone is working for your dreams and soon everything will be better”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“In life, people tend to wait for good things to come to them. And by waiting, they miss out. Usually, what you wish for doesn't fall in your lap; it falls somewhere nearby, and you have to recognize it, stand up, and put in the time and work it takes to get to it. This isn't because the universe is cruel. It's because the universe is smart. It has its own cat-string theory and knows we don't appreciate things that fall into our laps.”
“If You Things like God, You Will Create New Things, While You Things Like Devil, You will destroy Everything”
“ 'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.' ”
“There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.”
“A confident woman knows how to celebrate other women without feeling intimidated.”
“The salvation of a man is his submission to his Maker.”
“It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.”
“Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment, appreciate what you have, and find joy in the present.”
“It is only when you can admit you may be wrong and are willing to grapple with uncomfortable ideas that you stand to grow.”
“Prepared for the worst,but still praying for the best”
“Enemies aren't a drawback to the one who takes notes from them.”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be…”
“The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.”
“We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey. Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.”
“Out looking yes you beautiful but it not automatically tell us that you beautiful inside some makeover needed there there's no need for being a problem to others as you look beautiful be too inside you Jesus Christ is helping pill on that just accept him and he'll do the work easy.”
“I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!”
“Search for contentment in each person you meet.”
“If you want the answer—ask the question.”
“The different between other races or other people is that they choose to fight for each other and while others choose to fight each other . The ones who choose to fight for each other are always winning in life. The other ones who choose to fight each other are always losing in life. You choose which one you are going to be.”
“I’ve come to learn that pain is inevitable in this world, but suffering is optional.”
“It is the very use of coercion, positive or negative, that breaks or deadens the spirit, which is the source of motivation.”
“I am grateful to be a woman. I must have done something great in another life.”
“ yelling doesn't make a thing any more possible.”
“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
“A decision she made, To fly Not to fall by.”
“Who belonged to no one, who belonged to everyone. Who had nothing, who wanted everything.”
“Failure does not connote that you achieved nothing. It denotes that you are on an adventure towards finding what will eventually advance you to the realization of your goals.”
“I am not an optimist, but a great believer of hope.”
“Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.”
“Be the Light you seek so desperately in your life and chase away that darkness.”
“Our lives are often so busy that we forget to stop and observe the world around us.”
“Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.”
“In the vast garden of humanity, diverse religions bloom like exquisite flowers, teaching us to appreciate the various paths that lead to a higher truth.”
“You are a princess. All our subjects watch us, observe us and follow the example we set. So, our behaviour should always be exemplary, as several people look up to us.”
“Vital lives are about action. You can't feel warmth unless you create it, can't feel delight until you play, can't know serendipity unless you risk.”
“We have all forgotten what we really are. All that we call common sense and rationality and practicality and positivism only means that for certain dead levels of our life we forget that we have forgotten. All that we call spirit and art and ecstasy only means that for one awful instant we remember that we forget.”
“What we do see depends mainly on what we look for.   In the same field the farmer will notice the crop, the geologists the fossils, botanists the flowers, artists the colouring, sportmen the cover for the game. Though we may all look at the same things, it does not all follow that we should see them.”
“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”
“Sad stories make good books”
“External validation is based on what you do, internal validation is based on who you are.”
“What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.”
“As you travel towards your dream, never forget to get up to land at each of your destinations.”
“Life is all about making those brave and necessary shifts, so take a deep breath and trust yourself to make that leap of faith.”
“May every day of the new year brings New Grace.”
“One small shift in mindset, one tiny tweak to your daily routine — these are the things that can end up driving your future.”
“If you want to learn about patriarchal families, you don't ask the father, you ask the mother; then maybe you will learn something.”
“I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel ”
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
“Those who don't lift, laugh. Those who are humans, lift.”
“Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark . Professionals built the Titanic”
“No one should ever despair because the entrance to his or her chosen career path is clogged. There is an ancient saying: "The persistent drip wears through stone.”
“Africans must realize that it is time to be fruitful and multiply. ”
“I find it odd- the greed of mankind. People only like you for as long as they perceive they can get what they want from you. Or for as long as they perceive you are who they want you to be. But I like people for all of their changing surprises, the thoughts in their heads, the warmth that changes to cold and the cold that changes to warmth  for being human. The rawness of being human delights me.”
“When disaster strikes, be open to a solution.”
“When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.”
“That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices!”
“Teach her that the idea of 'gender roles' is absolute nonsense. Do not ever tell her that she should or should not do something because she is a girl. 'Because you are a girl' is never reason for anything. Ever.”
“Our visa for the planet earth has a validity of just 100 years. It can expire early, but an extension is unlikely.”
“Hearts may break, but hearts are the toughest of muscles, able to pump for a lifetime, seventy times a minute, and scarcely falter along the way. Even dreams, the most delicate and intangible of things, can prove remarkably difficult to kill.”
“Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are ”
“Never look with contempt on even the smallest beginning.”
“The Key to Success is Action”
“Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!”
“The object is not to make art, but to be in the wonderful state which makes art inevitable.”
“Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.”
“Seek your own answers in life, and not what others dictate to you.”
“When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.”
“Focusing solely on the negative experiences of life, we deny ourselves the ability to realize the positive events that permeate our lives.”
“Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.”
“Anything anyone says about me is invalid and not approved by me. Only what I say about myself is true.”
“When deconstructing life into its finest components, there is very little that we require to live and thrive.”
“Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.”
“Fiction is a solution, the best solution, to the problem of existential solitude.”
“There will always be more that can be done to improve, perform, refine, produce. A final, satisfying point of “arrival” or “making it” does not exist. Finding our value in what we create may seem appealing and can even be motivating for the short term. But it all too easily becomes an endless hamster wheel of proving ourselves and believing that the next “level” of creativity is what will bring the security and significance we seek. Instead, what people actually need is a new starting posture.”
“You’re such a snob, bragging with that infinite knowledge you uploaded into your brain.”
“Sometimes honour brings you insult. Sometimes shame gets you fame. -Emit Eht”
“Pausing, observing, becoming curious about your emotional state, and then choosing to respond rather than react are key to living a more empowered life.”
“Everyone hurts. Everyone has been hurt by someone and everyone has hurt someone. It takes a great deal of strength and integrity to admit when you are wrong. Feeding the urge to hurt others because you have been hurt only weakens your resolve to heal and creates more pain and suffering. If you learn to forgive yourself and others, you gain the strength of empathy and power of compassion. When you intentionally inflict pain on others because your heart is broken, you only cause more heartbreak. If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. But inside the realization of this weakness lies the key to true power. Once you acknowledge that you have been wrong and make a legitimate effort to make things right, you begin to shed the false skin of ego and step into your authentic self. That is where your real strength and power lies. — Bobby J Mattingly”
“If abandoned rage asks, Who should answer for this? / Say, the very blood of our lives eats composure up.”
“incognito mode special path secret code basic math when our fathers force us to live by their rules we realize that our destiny is not clear to fools even though you are alone and the hate seems endless just trust that your power will make the cowards cower”
“A delicious meal needs pepper and salt, but if they dominate, the meal is ruined.”
“Stories create an aura of liveliness Where every mind and soul revolve around it”
“Life to me had always felt like a burden I had to bear. Something heavy and murky that made waking up difficult and falling asleep a little bit scary. But that's because I had gone eighteen years not knowing what it felt like to care about someone so much, you want them to be the first thing you see when you open your eyes. I even felt a desire to make something of myself because you were the first person I ever wanted to become something better for.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“Language is the compass that guides us to the treasures of inspiration, leading us through uncharted territories of ideas and dreams.”
“Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“Sweet Beloved, free me Free me from myself Free me from their chains that chained my mind and squeezed my heart Free me from fear that paralyzed my freedom I am the rose which is prisoned by thorns I am the star that is surrounded with darkness I am your son calling you from the dark well I am waiting for your breeze to raise me in your bosom”
“It is time to DEMAND FOR MORE!”
“I read once that the ancient Egyptians had fifty words for sand & the Eskimos had a hundred words for snow. I wish I had a thousand words for love, but all that comes to mind is the way you move against me while you sleep & there are no words for that.”
“To embrace the ineffable moment, to sense what is beyond and what always remains, to turn the unexpressed despairs into dreams is to be awakened in the noblest way possible .”
“S is for SCARY! Fear is driven out by action! Bad habits are overcome by good habits.”
“Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM”
“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
“There are people who merely see what is. And there are people who look beyond what is. There are those who swim in the stream of history. And there are those who shape it.”
“How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato) The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?”
“And it seemed fitting both for Andrei, and hypothetically the creators of the film, that when he got up to leave in the middle of it, he did so as an ode to the film. A statement of departure that said: 'If you made the movie for the reason I think you did, perhaps you wouldn’t be offended that I left the damn place and decided to chase after life. Inspiration is unlimited, but time is not. Thank you. Goodbye!' He left the poet’s book in the seat beside him, took his popcorn and soda, and exited the cinema the way the writers would have wanted.”
“I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it.”
“I suppose we must work on being gracious and grateful until we can do for ourselves. Someday the wheel of fate will put us in a position to be of use to them, and we will remember how much easier it is to give help than it is to accept it.”
“Motivation gets you going; Inspiration keeps you going.”
“He who seeks to reach the moon must first build his own rocket!”
“He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.”
“If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing ”
“Technology is becoming self-sufficient and humans more independent”
“If you're not hungry enough to die, no one will come to feed you”
“They don't have to know the real you for you to keep being that amazing you! Don't let someone's negative spirit disrupt or corrupt yours. Be you for you. God is the one that you want to see who you really are.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.”
“If you are born in the States, you've won a geographical jackpot. If you are born in a rich family, you've won a hereditary jackpot. I had neither. So I pulled myself up by my own bootstraps and turned my name into a nationality of its own, and my life into a heritage of its own - the nationality of assimilation, and the heritage of self-determination.”
“Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourslef or to gossip about others. Use your power of your word in the direction of truth and love.”
“It so happens that at times your desires tend to disagree with the reality and this is due to the fact that you have not let the two elements complement each other.”
“Don’t let anyone set restrictions on your life You chart the course of your own future, not anyone else. Don’t let people have such a power over you. Because if you’re always racing against their standards, then what’s the point of reaching a useless finish line?”
“I believe in the immeasurable power of love; that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.”
“In your own life it's important to know how spectacular you are.”
“I am the best person in the universe.”
“In our twenties we have conflicts. We think everything is either-or, black or white: we are caught between them and we lose all our energy in the conflicts. My answer, later on in maturity, was to do them all. Not to exclude any, not to make a choice. I wanted to be everything. And I took everything in, and the more you take in, the more strength you find waiting to accomplish things and to expand your life, instead of the other (which is what we have been taught to do) which is to look for structure and to fear change, above all to fear change. Now I didn't fear change.”
“I refuse to live life with unsettled differences”.”
“Really, it's newsletters and direct followings that are always the main determinant for winning anyway.”
“I came out of the storm, not the same person, but stronger, braver, and more resilient.”
“You don't need to understand what the world is, just let your life flow with it and become something”
“You don't give up when you can't give up.”
“You have to see your dreams very clearly in front of your eyes before your dreams come true”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Imagination is the highest form of research.”
“you don't have to be great to get started but you have to to get started to be great”
“Focus on faith and grow your roots strong and deep so no one can make you believe in something that is not good for your soul.”
“Art shouldn't be necessarily done for an audience. Sometimes creating for yourself can be equally rewarding.”
“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.”
“Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!”
“There is no purer joy like daily praise.”
“Believe in sudden shifts in life. You never know what is coming for you.”
“The most dangerous enemy of your career is your comfort zone at work”
“Circumstances, knowledge or birth do not determine the realisation of your desires. It is only you who are blocking the achievement of your dreams and goals.”
“It can be difficult for us to realize what an immense role family plays in our lives, but rest assured – we can credit a great deal of our personal success to those who guided us through our most vulnerable years.”
“Feel the adrenaline rushing down your spine, take a little chance, for it is time to dance.”
“Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.”
“When you lose, you win if you learn from it.”
“Don't give me songs, give me something to sing about!”
“The love you show to others have a way of coming back to you.”
“Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
“Everything is temporary, almost like a passing fase, some of laughter Some of pain. What we would do, If we had the chance to explore What we had taken for Granted the very day before, Some would say I'm selfish, To hold a little sadness in my eyes, But they don't feel the sorrow When I can't do, all that helps me feel alive. I can express my emotions, but I can't run wild and free, My mind and soul would handle it but hell upon my hip, ankle and knees, This disorder came about, as a friendship said its last goodbyes, Soooo this is what I got given for all the years I stood by? I finally stand still to question it, life it is in fact? What the fuck is the purpose of it all if you get stabbed in the back? And after the anger fills the air, the regret takes it places, I never wanted to be that girl, Horrid, sad and faded  So I took with a grain of salt, my new found reality, I am not of my pain, the disability doesnt define me. I find away to adjust, also with the absence of my friend, I trust the choices I make, allow my heart to mend. I pick up the pieces I retrain my leg, I find where I left off And I start all over again, You see what happens  When a warrior gets tested; They grow from the ashes Powerful and invested. So I thank all this heartache, As I put it to a rest, I move forward with my life And I'll build a damn good nest.”
“The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”
“No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.”
“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”
“Character is when alone and nobody is watching while behavior is when one is in the stage spotlight.”
“The best way to get over trauma is to go through even more trauma.”
“stay focused on your desires, knowing that you will make it happen so long as you never give up; victory shall be your cup.”
“You've been given the innate power to shape your life but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”
“No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!”
“Fireflies, to me, are nighttime butterflies, Dazzling the night with magical flashes of light. When I see these teeny tiny sparks dart in the night, I am overcome with a sense of comfort and calm, Same as when a butterfly flutters around me during the day. I’m drawn to the dance of both astonishing critters. They remind me of life. They remind me of hope.”
“Follow your heart. Then root its longing with the facts.”
“It wasn't about believing this or that, it wasn't even about good and evil and right and wrong, it was about finding the strength to bear the discomfort that came with being in the world.”
“The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.”
“Usually people don't see beyond the surface of things and cannot understand more other than the obvious; they are used to judging a book by its cover, and that is why they don't hesitate to bully.”
“Dear Daughter, You were born to be great. Cultivate habits that help you become great.”
“I’ve always been a slow learner in some areas of my life.mostly the areas known as myself. Or maybe I should say ‘selves.’because the fact is, I’ve never, even as a child, felt I’m only one self, only one person. I’ve always felt I’m quite a few more than one. For example, there’s my jokey self, there’s my morose and fed-up self,there’s my lewd and disgusting self. There’s my clever-clogs self, and my fading-violet-who-cant-make-up-her-mind-about-anything self. There’s my untidy-clothes-everywhere-all-over-my-room self, and my manically tidy self when I want my room to be minimalist and Zen to the nth degree. There’s my confidant, arrogant self and my polite and reasonable and good listener self. There’s my self-righteous self and my wickedly bad self, my flaky self and my bsentimental self. There are selfs I like and selfs I don’t like.there’s my little-girl selfnwhonlikes to play silly games and there’s my old-woman self when I’m quite sure I’m eighty and edging towards geriatric. The self I show in action at any moment depends on where I am, who I’m with, the circumstances of the situation and the mood I’m in.”
“Memorisation comes from the head but meditation is from the heart.”
“I am not afraid  I was born to do this.”
“Without inspiration, we’re all like a box of matches that will never be lit.”
“The greatest Emotion is Love. The greatest quality is seeking to serve others. The greatest gift is your own Life. The greatest pleasure is CHOCOLATE! The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is that there's always something new to learn. The greatest virtue is temperance. The greatest meditation is a peaceful mind. The greatest practice is to be Kind. education. The greatest challenge is to let go. The greatest wisdom is to be in the NOW”
“You'll never get from where you are to where you want to be if you keep your focus on the fact that you are not there yet. See it the way you desire and feel it ‛‛as if’’ it is happening.”
“If you’re so afraid of rejection that you won’t take risks, you’ll miss out on a lot in life.”
“Whether you're facing a challenge or celebrating the little victories in life, know that nothing is more courageous than owning and loving your story.”
“Today is today, only today  tomorrow it will only be yesterday.”
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.”
“A powerful woman may not occupy a powerful position in society, but she is what society needs. Her contribution does not depend on her position, but on her sincere passion for humanity.”
“Something always went wrong in life. The science of living- and it was a science, mind you- mainly entailed learning how to adapt to the wrongs of everyday suffering.”
“You might find storms exhilarating, or you might find them a pain, but they are inevitable. Each storm will etch its indelible path on you and when you come out on the other side, dripping yet triumphant, one thing is certain: You would never be the same again.”
“All reflect on this mirror like world, all our thoughts; its deeds bright or dark, and in glad or gloom, we must pass the time! and the dreams in flow, like a shining river, with a rush to reach the surging seas.”
“I am sure it is everyone’s experience, as it has been mine, that any discovery we make about ourselves or the meaning of life is never, like a scientific discovery, a coming upon something entirely new and unsuspected; it is rather, the coming to conscious recognition of something, which we really knew all the time but, because we were unwilling to formulate it correctly, we did not hitherto know we knew.”
“You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.”
“No matter how hard you work on something, only when you find a smart way to do it, do people recognize you.”
“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through. I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long. This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
“You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.”
“Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.”
“Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.”
“Your motivations--get that promotion, throw the best parties, run for public office--aren't impersonal abstractions but powerfully reflect who you are and what you focus on. An individual's goals figure prominently in the theories of personality first developed by the Harvard psychologist Henry Murray. According to his successor David McClelland, what Friedrich Nietzsche called "the will to power," which he considered the major driving force behind human behavior, is one of the three basic motivations, along with achievement and affiliation, that differentiate us as individuals. A simple experiment show show these broad emotional motivations can affect what you pay attention to or ignore on very basic levels. When they examine images of faces that express different kinds of emotion, power-oriented subjects are drawn to nonconfrontational visages, such as "surprise faces," rather than to those that suggest dominance, as "anger faces" do. In contrast, people spurred by affiliation gravitate toward friendly or joyful faces.”
“Faith is a full surrender to the Supreme Being.”
“I have no right to say or do anything that diminishes a man in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him but what he thinks of himself. Hurting a man in his dignity is a crime.”
“Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely  U choose Danger or Love?”
“A true dreamer is one who knows how to navigate in the dark”.”
“Dave? this is John. Your pimp says bring the heroin shipment tonight, or he'll be forced to stick you. Meet him where we buried the Korean whore. The one without the goatee." That was code, it meant "Come to my place as soon as you can, it's important." Code, you know, in case the phone was bugged.”
“Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.”
“Even in an age where the answer to almost all of life’s questions is a simple Google search away, we often don’t take the time to read the entire article for the answer. We don’t make time to actively seek out the truth, only the first or most relevant result.”
“Whoever said money can't buy happiness, didn't know where to go shopping.”
“We testify of what we have experienced and witnessed. May our testimony inspired others to share their story.”
“If there's a will, there's a way! I feel larger than LIFE--and look up to the stars who shine down on me and have become my own personal cheerleaders .as my fingers tap on my computer late into the night..”
“More than once, the broken moon would cast through the window a silver light and remind me of independent events yielding to their own momentum and interacting under natural laws while my mind would impose happiness, grief, beauty, ruin, justice and chaos.”
“I wake up and grind like the whole world owes me money. I'm taking that money like I'm owed.”
“Jessica. For god's sake," he said. "Allow me to do at least one common courtesy for you. In spite ow what 'women's lib' teaches you, chivalry does not imply that women are powerless. On the contrary, chivalry is an admission of women's superiority. An acknowledgment of your power over us . This is the only form of servitude a Vladescu ever practices, and I perform it gladly for you. You, in turn, are obligated to accept graciously.”
“When a woman cries, it does not mean she is weak. She telling the world to stop and comprehend her needs.”
“Personally, I wouldn’t wait around for someone to tell you you’re good enough before you make your own comics. Just make them, always try to improve and care about what you’re doing. Be relentless and never give up.”
“Solitude, the pricy state seeking tranquil air, for errors, for apologies, behold! a calm down side, beneath the sloppy, hilly village’s canopying shade, there is the warmth of lonely peace to respite”
“If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".”
“My study of prophecy convinces me that God intends knowledge of future events to help us "occupy" with a sense of urgency until the Lord returns.”
“It is no great accomplishment to take care of yourself—I’ve known children of ten or twelve who can do that. To become a true adult, you must become more than independent; you must become dependable.”
“The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!”
“For a few seconds, a thought creeps in. He could pull out his GPS and end it. He could hit that button, and they would come to find him within an hour. That's the easy way out. While looking down, a tattoo slips out from under his sleeve. Not Done.”
“Amidst life’s challenges, good souls stand tall like noble coconut trees, rising above the saltwater tides of existence. They flourish in the face of hardships and graciously share the delightful taste of kindness and positivity with all. They offer the refreshing fruit of resilience in sweetness juice and sweet flesh even in salt water and salt air of life.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“The emotions healing is in you,the moment you going through in some situation when the cloud of it passed away after recorgnising that you didnt died on the table of it.The important thing to do is to smell the coffee by seeing that the cloud is passed away and you real alive then choose to Live and do with all means to recorver, that's the real healing and what I did. See! the professional help or third hand just swip the floor as God created human fearfuly and wonderfuly that what he does for human fullness of healing within himself with natural recorvery all it based on our believe.”
“Whatever belief we have actually stems from the thankfulness that we feel and this feeling further attracts more happy feelings towards us.”
“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”
“Every second alive is the greatest gift we will ever know.”
“Following the path of random wandering will not lead you toward your goals; however, focusing intensely on a target or one area of your life will produce results. Most groundbreaking ideas in science, technology, medicine, the arts, and business don't transpire all of a sudden; they result from intensely-focused and diligent efforts.”
“The next 24 hours is a blank canvas. Your canvas. What will you paint on it?”
“Why are you looking outside when it is already inside you?”
“Conquer yourself before you go out to conquer the world.”
“Envy is ignorance, Imitation is Suicide.”
“Don't loaf and invite inspiration; light out after it with a club.”
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.”
“Growth and advancement happen outside the comfort zone.”
“Failing to make it to the list of the best 5 students in class or not being named the team captain should not make anyone feel like they have failed.”
“Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.”
“The right one does not stand in your way, they make space for you to step forward.”
“At the end of the day, no religion, no border, no philosophy can separate all of us. We are humans!”
“Live full, die empty”
“The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, If you are not a priority, You are just an option. Options are only selected for the selector’s convenience. Nothing more!”
“At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.”
“Emotion is ‘recognition’. When treasured moments are identified in the jungle of our personal history during a visual or aural encounter, we capture magic sparks from our past, arousing flashes of insight and revealing an inner flare. These instants of recognition may kindle enthralling emotion and fulfilling inspiration. (“Those journeys of love”)”
“We humans don't regret on what we have done, we regret of how foolish we were.”
“The seeds of transformation are found in the darkest moments, for it is in adversity that we find our true strength.”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“Dance through life flinging kindness like shimmering rainbows. Find your bliss by sharing your heart.”
“Life did not stop, and one had to live.”
“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that. We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”
“Busyness is a self-destructive tool humans have invented to create an illusion of success”
“Remember, the talking about the thing isn't the thing. Doing the thing is the thing.”
“Faith isn’t blind belief; it’s unwavering trust.”
“If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.”
“Let your heart shine even more than your face. The beautiful contents of your heart can never be forgotten, but your face will be a history.”
“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
“Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.”
“Accepting unmanageable imperfections is a sign of a perfect attitude. ”
“I have seen, witnessed and have been a part of the most strange, unusually abnormal adventures in this lifetime, where things have happened to me that no one would have imagined. Almost unbelievable. So who would know the difference between my fiction and my reality.”
“The liberty of man is not safe in the hands of any church. Wherever the Bible and sword are in partnership, man is a slave. All laws for the purpose of making man worship God, are born of the same spirit that kindled the fires of the auto da fe, and lovingly built the dungeons of the Inquisition. All laws defining and punishing blasphemy -- making it a crime to give your honest ideas about the Bible, or to laugh at the ignorance of the ancient Jews, or to enjoy yourself on the Sabbath, or to give your opinion of Jehovah, were passed by impudent bigots, and should be at once repealed by honest men. An infinite God ought to be able to protect himself, without going in partnership with State Legislatures. Certainly he ought not so to act that laws become necessary to keep him from being laughed at. No one thinks of protecting Shakespeare from ridicule, by the threat of fine and imprisonment. It strikes me that God might write a book that would not necessarily excite the laughter of his children. In fact, I think it would be safe to say that a real God could produce a work that would excite the admiration of mankind.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Executing ideas is as simple as taking the first step.”
“The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God's love for us does not.”
“I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, He will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather He will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?”
“Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“We are subject to a society that bombards us with temptation to buy the latest gizmos and gadgets to appease our social circle. Stop living to impress others.”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“It’s not what happens to you but how you respond to it that matters.”
“Hope gives us a reason to live and to make plans for our future. But common sense gives us knowledge that God has control over our life. Life is a journey. We hope and plan our future as we travel each day.”
“We can be beacons of light”
“Every cruelty is a form of weakness.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“Your status has changed. Your Name is changed! You are a new creation.”
“You think this mountains is bigger than God? Think again!”
“I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)  'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.']  two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]'  I can see that he's excited. [narrator]'  Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho   Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!”
“You don't understand how powerful love is until it changes everything you stand for and who you are.”
“Action is the universal language of success.”
“One tends to look at life a whole lot differently when one realises they may lose it soon. -Emit Eht”
“Your time frame to succeed is different from others. Don't rush the process, trust God.”
“When inspiration is silent reason tires quickly.”
“Where there is grief, there once was love, where the barren fields stand, there once was a river that ran, where the drought remains, there once was, a tender stream that flowed ..”
“It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.”
“Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.”
“Everyone gets few chances in their lifetime to mess up their life. Sorted heads cruise through those muddy patches unaffected.”
“Again, we are reminded that life is precious… fleeting. Let’s endeavor to live this amazing life to the fullest. Let’s have the courage to pursue our dreams…To unapologetically cultivate a personal environment conducive to our growth, by nourishing healthy relationships and starving the toxic ones. Let’s laugh at the little nonsense that used to anger us and let go of the grudges that used to weigh us down. Let’s help each other. Let’s show our unquestionable love to the special people in our lives. Let’s squeeze this experience for all it’s worth. We are so blessed to be here, NOW… Let's not throw away another day of this beautiful precious life.”
“The most common reason why startups fail is that they don't start.”
“Who you are is defined by your deepest driving desire.”
“The future is today, the past is today's outcome”
“We don't need to make longer regret lists. We don't need people that are very very smart and yet do nothing. We need people that do the things they already know how to do. Stop learning and start doing. Motivation, not education.”
“Mary Queen of Scots had a little dog, a Skye terrier, that was devoted to her. Moments after Mary was beheaded, the people who were watching saw her skirts moving about and they thought her headless body was trying to get itself to its feet. But the movement turned out to be her dog, which she had carried to the block with her, hidden in her skirts. Mary Stuart is supposed to have faced her execution with grace and courage (she wore a scarlet chemise to suggest she was being martyred), but I don’t think she could have been so brave if she had not secretly been holding tight to her Skye terrier, feeling his warm, silky fur against her trembling skin.”
“Skinny doesn’t make for happy, folks. The big, elusive promise of achieving some kind of skin-and-bones victory over ourselves is a lie.”
“The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just.”
“Comfort is the goal of the man with no vision.”
“Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.”
“The prettiest flowers earn their honor in the ugliest dirt.”
“Inspiration dances on the tip of your tongue, waiting to leap into existence through the magic of language.”
“And so must learn to love with our mouths and voices, as well as with our eyes, flesh, heart, brains, and with everything we have, right down to our toenails. There is not anything about us that cannot love, and that is not called to love, and that is not destined to be turned, conformed, and reduced to pure love. It  is the priceless deposit left by the burning away of selfishness.”
“I think music is what language once aspired to be. Music allows us to face God on our own terms because it reaches beyond life.”
“Determine what your motivation is once you discover that driving force than you'll become focused on the process.”
“We are told that talent creates its own opportunities. But it sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities but its own talents.”
“The best way to receive abundance is to believe abundance is already present.”
“Make your life like toilet paper. Long and usefull.”
“As long as you do things for God, you are a Hall of Famer in heaven's list.”
“I choose to live a wealthy and full life that encompasses adventure, traveling, and financial freedom.”
“No lake so still but it has its wave. No circle so perfect but that it has its blur. I would change things for you if I could; As I can't you must take them as they are.”
“If you have a painting in you, paint. If you have a song to sing, sing. Don’t judge your creation. Just create it. Banish doubt and fear and step out of your own way if you have to. Write if you’re a writer and invent if you’re an inventor. Do what you were born to do. Only then will you know a remarkable life.”
“Your conscious mind is the captain and the master of your ship—your body, your environment, and all your affairs. Your subconscious mind takes the orders you give it, based upon what your conscious mind believes and accepts as true.”
“I love travelling to places far from civilization. I always feel more civilized when I return.”
“When we mentally give a person, place, or point in time more credit than ourselves, we create a fictitious ceiling. A restriction over the expectations that we have over our own performance in that moment. We get tense. We focus on the outcome instead of the activity and we miss the doing of the deed. We either think the world depends on the result or it's too good to be true. But it doesn't and it isn't. And it's not our right to believe it does or is. Don't create imaginary constraints. A leading role, a blue ribbon, a winning score, a great idea, the love of our life, euphoric bliss  Who are we to think we don't deserve these fortunes when they're in our grasp? Who are we to think we haven't earned them? If we stay and process within ourselves, in the joy of the doing, we will never choke at the finish line. Why? Because we're not thinking of the finish line. We're not looking at the clock. We’re not watching ourselves on the Jumbotron performing. We are performing in real time where the approach is the destination.”
“A persons limitations are only measured by their drive to succeed”
“Sand lines my soul which is filled with the breath of the ocean.”
“The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.”
“Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“My orders are to fight; Then if I bleed, or fail, Or strongly win, what matters it? God only doth prevail. The servant craveth naught Except to serve with might. I was not told to win or lose,– My orders are to fight.”
“It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!”
“At such times the universe gets a little closer to us. They are strange times, times of beginnings and endings. Dangerous and powerful. And we feel it even if we don't know what it is. These times are not necessarily good, and not necessarily bad. In fact, what they are depends on what *we* are.”
“If careful attention is paid to the reality, we will see clearly, the real shortage is of the right skills, rather than of jobs. If the right skills are developed, the right start-ups and other enterprises will emerge and provide the jobs needed. It’s always the horse before the cart, not the other way round. At a personal level, it will require the realisation of the need for the acquisition of required skills, the discipline to pursue it and the commitment to push through. These will require a great deal of personal courage and effort. But then, the benefit will be immeasurable.”
“Fly time never comes again in life, but the process can be reversible for a new and fresh start so life is just like an hourglass it can turn upside down to start another beginning.”
“Way of dealing with craving it to direct it in a right way when I say right way I mean healthy eating or doing right things that you'll not regret late that you'll benefits with I'll talk about different crave, eating, doing and more I'll answer all it here.”
“So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.”
“We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.”
“If we become complacent with our daily responsibilities, it can become more difficult to branch out and seek areas of personal growth.”
“Day, the champion of the people, the one who can't bear to see those around him suffer on his behalf, who would gladly give his life for those he loves.”
“Patience is a virtue not a vice.”
“Life is a split second away from death. While you still have yours, live it to the fullest.”
“What you have to decide  is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.”
“Listening to others can be hard. It is even harder if we don’t learn to listen to ourselves”
“The Prince is the only option to a better living. His arm is reliable and dependable. Get to Him, stay glued and remain on Top!”
“No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.”
“About writing:The trick is to make sure you love what you've produced--to Believe..in order to convince.”
“Not everyone has to be the Chosen One. Not everyone has to be the guy who saves the world. Most people just have to live their lives the best they can, doing things that are great for them , having great friends, trying to make their lives better, loving people properly. All the while knowing that the world makes no sense but trying to find a way to be happy anyway.”
“There are times when solitude is better than society, and silence is wiser than speech. We should be better Christians if we were more alone, waiting upon God, and gathering through meditation on His Word spiritual strength for labour in his service. We ought to muse upon the things of God, because we thus get the real nutriment out of them. . . . Why is it that some Christians, although they hear many sermons, make but slow advances in the divine life? Because they neglect their closets, and do not thoughtfully meditate on God's Word. They love the wheat, but they do not grind it; they would have the corn, but they will not go forth into the fields to gather it; the fruit hangs upon the tree, but they will not pluck it; the water flows at their feet, but they will not stoop to drink it. From such folly deliver us, O Lord. . . .”
“Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.”
“Acumen binds individuals in tangles and danger, but love breaks all boundaries and dangers.”
“A woman of peace will always endorse peace wherever she goes, because she understands its true meaning.”
“Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day…and treat Life as the ULTIMATE Gift . Because IT IS :)”
“The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy ”
“I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.”
“I am only uncomfortable when I find myself comfortable. I literally hate comfort. It is where all dreams go to die.”
“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed. Light flooded in. And with it, hope.”
“To become, you must first believe.”
“I believe the first draft of a book — even a long one — should take no more than three months…Any longer and — for me, at least — the story begins to take on an odd foreign feel, like a dispatch from the Romanian Department of Public Affairs, or something broadcast on high-band shortwave duiring a period of severe sunspot activity.”
“The secret to getting results that last is to never stop making improvements. It's remarkable what you can build if you just don't stop. It's remarkable the business you can build if you don't stop working. It's remarkable the body you can build if you don't stop training. It's remarkable the knowledge you can build if you don't stop learning. It's remarkable the fortune you can build if you don't stop saving. It's remarkable the friendships you can build if you don't stop caring. Small habits don't add up. They compound.”
“The greatest person that ever lived is not one that made so much fortune, but one that finished his life assignment before he/she dies.”
“A civilization can easily drown in what it knows as in what doesn't know. Consider,' he continued, Gotho's Folly. Gotho's curse was in being too aware - of everything. Every permutation, every potential. Enough to poison every scan he cast on the world. It availed him naught, and worse, he was aware of even that.”
“The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.”
“We can all strive to leave behind a legacy of kindness that will bring warmth and light to the world. Be kind always." ~Luz Reyes Luna”
“Making the news anchor resemble a puppet, if the puppeteer sucks at his job.”
“When people or things hurt you, have some strength to continue living your life.”
“You don't go walking into the proverbial lion's den lightly. You start with a good breakfast.”
“The general theme of those who live and create from within their Comfort Zone is: Life is intelligently designed, and everything is always working out for my highest good. All I need to do to be successful is to be myself and follow my own internal guidance. If I can dream it and claim it, I can receive it.”
“A kind thought, word, or action creates infinite ripples of caring, consideration, and peace.”
“Life becomes a moment to moment ecstasy when you stay connected to your spirit as you learn to live by what binds you to your soul even a speck of dust will turn to a glittered star folding your despair while unfolding your dreams ..”
“Tonight I saw Jesus with the eyes on my face. He looks half lion and half man. But not more like a lion and not more like a man, rather the same, I have never seen anything like the face of Jesus before, %100 one thing but %100 another thing: a lion man!” “Where did you see Him at?” “On the surface of my blanket as I lay in bed. He was suddenly drawn onto it, like a sketch, and that same moment I knew He was showing His face to me, finally.” “Why do you think He did that?” “I think He thought it was about time.”
“When you’re faced with a choice, choose to inspire, choose to empower, choose to stand for those who have lost the will to stand for themselves.”
“If you have a broken heart or a sorrowful soul, dance will bring you joy once more.”
“It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.”
“Pursuing an escapist mode of living where we chase the false pretense of constant enjoyment will only further drive us into a state of distress.”
“If you get stuck, get away from your desk. Take a walk, take a bath, go to sleep, make a pie, draw, listen to ­music, meditate, exercise; whatever you do, don't just stick there scowling at the problem. But don't make telephone calls or go to a party; if you do, other people's words will pour in where your lost words should be. Open a gap for them, create a space. Be patient.”
“Wisdom is found in nature only by mining a lot of rock.”
“The best knowledge is knowing yourself and your inner being.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?”
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.”
“God has given us such a unique relationship with Him that can be better understood through clay.”
“You are bound to incur struggle and heartache on the path to achieving success.”
“We have to live a life that is more revolutionary than that of the revolutionaries.”
“Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.”
“The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.”
“Completeness is in Christ.”
“Freedom is in the Now”
“Eating is important for your survival. But eating as a passion is a matter of a choice.”
“Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.”
“It's never too late to be what you might have been."--”
“Dream like Joseph, then wait for God to execute it. A man with God-given dreams.”
“The Poetry of Love We see the world with the eyes of a small child. We visualize the beauty of the world with an unique magic sense,and unfold our deeper feelings and expectations diffusing the seizing negative forces that stretch out their threatening tentacles. We give blow and shape in our dreams. We seek for Love through unfamiliar new people and new experiences. Love is a vivid spirit, a big breath that touches upon each piece of our existence, our each cell… Love affiliates a lot of forms, exists and fits everywhere. Each flight of a small bird, the flutter of an incredible beauty butterfly, the stones wetted by waters of Aquamarine River, the branches of the trees that dally with the blow of wind, all these is the Spirit of Love. When you love in a genuine way, love everything. You are not bothered by the babble of Nature and the strange reactions of people. You hear the sounds of everyday routine with bigger consequence. Overtakes the meanness consequently and with courage. You seek truth in small things. You live the each moment as if it's unique. Love for nature. Love for life. Love for people.”
“When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.”
“Do not ignore you gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute BEST with the LEAST amount of effort."~Steve Harvey”
“If you have a destination in mind. Start taking minor steps everyday.Leaving too much distance to cover before the deadline will leave you grasping for breath and neither here nor there.”
“Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!”
“You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.”
“You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.”
“She glanced around at the tombstones. “You’re surrounded by death here. Way too depressing. You really might want to think about getting another job.” “You see death and sadness in these sunken patches of dirt, I see lives lived fully and the good deeds of past generations influencing the future ones.”
“Inspiration is external and motivation is internal. It is up to me to provide the switch and you to flip it on!”
“The state of your mind is in your hands. You can choose to make it a place of hell or heaven, suffering or happiness, loneliness or solitude.”
“Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”
“If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.”
“There will be days that we openly acknowledge that progress or performance were subpar. Do whatever you can to move forward, even if it is for a single step.”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“Learn to mock your influence on the world or wait for the world to do it for you; you won’t have to wait long.”
“When the world shakes you up, stay grounded; and when the world tries to ground you, shake the world up!”
“Recognizing Your Strengths The strengths you have inside your core represent the self in the world through the internal strengths that shine within you showering the world. The values you stand behind the virtues of living a meaningful life. Your values lead the path for you to be recognized in the world by the action you take. The kindness you have helped bonding the world. The love you spread, nurturing the world. The forgiveness you have, begins healing in the world. The humility inside you representing you bringing out the best of you. The fairness you treat the world, you are showing a leader in the world. The love of learning you practice doing, you are bringing light in the world. The spirituality you practice, you are making peace in the world. The talents you have mattered in this world. Artistic gift of yours, creates a colorful world. Literary gift of yours, inspires the world. Engineering gift of yours, advance the world. Athletic gift of yours, impresses the world. All the strengths you have mean everything to us all. Recognizing your strengths is a beginning of all. No talent is too small or too rare that cannot be used in this intricate world to favor the world. Working hard in nurturing your strengths you are helping us all. One day we all can reap your fruit feeding us all.”
“All peace ends from talking about others. All peace starts from stop talking about others. So choose peace.”
“If a man is to be bold, he must first believe in his Maker.”
“Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.”
“When you want something, he entire universe conspires to help you achieve it.”
“You need to trust everything you are feeling is real, even if you are scared and don't quite understand it. The key is to move through it not run away from it!”
“Ironically, we sell our time to earn comforts — comforts that we do not get time to enjoy”
“You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.”
“I matter. I fly lone, apart from the flock, on long journeys through storm and clear skies to another summer. Hear me!”
“I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.”
“May your fire burn brightly and show you the way. May the earth be soft and fertile beneath your feet. May your water flow freely and quench your thirst. May the winds lift you through the air to the place beyond time. And may the rays of the sun warm your heart and illuminate your soul.”
“Feed your self-esteem; not your ego!”
“A heroic woman cannot walk away without checking how she can be of help to someone, because she yearns to help those in need.”
“Everyday of your life is a another lesson. If you learn the lesson well and apply it; whether positive or negative, you determine what happens in your tomorrow.”
“You are the master of your destiny. You can influence, direct and control your own environment. You can make your life what you want it to be.”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“Wrong key never open the lock similarly wrong path will never help to get right destination..”
“Maybe I made a mistake yesterday, but yesterday’s me is still me. I am who I am today, with all my faults. Tomorrow I might be a tiny bit wiser, and that’s me, too. These faults and mistakes are what I am, making up the brightest stars in the constellation of my life. I have come to love myself for who I was, who I am, and who I hope to become.”
“It’s better to do something badly than to not do it at all.”
“Pivoting does not mean changing your goal but rather changing your strategy to realize that goal.”
“According to Aristophanes in Plato's The Banquet, in the ancient world of legend there were three types of people. In ancient times people weren't simply male or female, but one of three types : male/male, male/female or female/female. In other words, each person was made out of the components of two people. Everyone was happy with this arrangment and never really gave it much thought. But then God took a knife and cut everyone in half, right down the middle. So after that the world was divided just into male and female, the upshot being that people spend their time running around trying to locate their missing half.”
“The thorny question remains, who wrote it? The thorny question remains, who wrote it? All I remember was my decision to write something, my hand, my fingers, and even my mind, were just tools of writing and expression, like the computer I used. As for the writer, it was something or someone I did not know, sitting inside my body fighting me to get out of its prison, forcing me to bargain it for a few words that express it. I was like a lost visual artist whose empty painting was in front of him and his brush was in his hand but his thoughts were scattered, he did not know how to connect them or how to begin, but his senses began to weave the fabric of the thoughts of that deep thing inside, as they translate them, to create the most meaningful paintings. Every line I wrote I knew nothing of what was to come. I was even surprised by some of the chapters and reacted to them, just as you would react. They were as new to me as they are to you, and sometimes I was standing astonished to realize what I had written, or to understand the connection I had just discovered between the characters. This novel, inevitably, was already accomplished in me, as it was written in one go. It already existed. As for transcribing it on paper, it took me some time. It is a novel that expresses a part of an exception that I think I have had in my life. I cannot confirm or deny its events, even though they may have happened, in every detail, what is certain is the perspective of your understanding of the truth, they may be completely true, and from another perspective, they may be just delusions or dreamy fantasies, this depends on what truth means to you, or what it will be… I appreciate your valuable time. Believe me, I am the best to know. That is why I was careful that this was not just a classic, casual novel for fun while you are drinking your morning cup of coffee. Perhaps by it, I want to stir up that madness within you, who you have always been told, would be the cause of your ostracism, and your expulsion, out of the herd.”
“Death is nothing at all. It does not count. I have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was. I am I, and you are you, and the old life that we lived so fondly together is untouched, unchanged. Whatever we were to each other, that we are still. Call me by the old familiar name. Speak of me in the easy way which you always used. Put no difference into your tone. Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrow. Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes that we enjoyed together. Play, smile, think of me, pray for me. Let my name be ever the household word that it always was. Let it be spoken without an effort, without the ghost of a shadow upon it. Life means all that it ever meant. It is the same as it ever was. There is absolute and unbroken continuity. What is this death but a negligible accident? Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight? I am but waiting for you, for an interval, somewhere very near, just round the corner. All is well. Nothing is hurt; nothing is lost. One brief moment and all will be as it was before. How we shall laugh at the trouble of parting when we meet again!”
“we are not leaving anyone behind we have to stick togheter in order to stay safe.”
“We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.”
“To every problem, there is a most simple solution.”
“Still trust in God, even if the going gets tough.”
“you are you when you are true”
“Language is the key that unlocks the door to inspiration, allowing us to explore the limitless depths of imagination.”
“Be open to learning new things.”
“In the human society, it is difficult to find all angels flapping there wings and all saints singing halleluya.”
“Don’t be afraid of what lies in the darkness, because sometimes, the things hidden in the dark are our greatest allies.”
“Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that ”
“Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians”
“God's language is empathy, compassion, kindness, and silence.”
“San Lang, things aren’t always that absolute. Sometimes, it’s not up to you to decide if the road is easy to walk.' Hua Cheng said softly, 'I might not be able to decide whether the road is easy or not, but whether I walk it is entirely up to me.”
“Grief seems like feeling unbroken one moment and breaking into pieces in another, walking away from places that bring back the memory of what once was there, who once lived there, swaying in rage, caught in a fog of depression, acceptance and denial, slow waning of interest, a desire to retreat in aloneness as if it is beyond the understanding of this world of your colossal loss, searching for that familiar face while walking down the streets ..”
“The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.”
“It’s weird, how you have no idea how far you’ve come until suddenly you can’t find the way back.”
“A good self-esteem level is mostly dependant on how we value ourselves without any bias.”
“One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.”
“God is not looking for beneficiaries; He's looking for sons and daughters”
“Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen and six , result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery”
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
“Your life is yours; the steering wheel of your life is in your hands; steer it in the direction that looks perfect for you; change it or shape it the way you want it.”
“You're better than this. Better than whatever it is you're going to do now.”
“Dominate in your domain; You can do it.”
“Self-respect. It would make me lovable. And it's the secret to good sex.”
“Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.”
“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
“Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative." "Which is?" "Not even trying." Now he did look at me, straight on. "Life's short, you know?”
“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”
“Dear Daughter, You can still be great. There is still hope for you today. Do not allow the past to seal your fate or invalidate your need to be great.”
“I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!”
“Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.”
“Problems are not so big which we think.”
“If the people around us are supportive, life becomes easy. If they’re toxic, life becomes hard. Easy or hard, life can change in a moment and that moment may come anytime. Change claws its way out, anyhow. Nothing is constant here.”
“They do not care about the truth. They care to fulfill their idea… They cover themselves and those they want to cover and enguilt their opponents. This is not fair. The system should change towards fairness not interests… No one can protect us from the lies.”
“Too much pride can be a source of conflict. If we treat people with humility and respect, conflicts can be avoided. It is often our pride that encourages us to stand up straight and wage a battle of wills. While fighting to determine who is right and who is wrong, we”
“Guilt provides far more effective motivation than greed. For greed, at times, can be satiated.”
“Do you frequently encounter days where you run out of the mental energy necessary to accomplish your goals?”
“Don’t only ask who will inspire you, but also ask how you can become a positive inspiration for others. If all people, or at least most people, embraced this attitude, our world would be a much more interesting and much less gloomy place.”
“You can recognize the people who live for others by the haunted look on the faces of the others. I would so much rather you wrote a book in order to entertain yourself than to help me. Or if your subject matter is darker and more serious, I would prefer that you made your art in order to save yourself or to relive yourself of some great psychic burden, rather than to save or relieve us.”
“Don't be afraid to transform, change, or express yourself as much as your soul feels called to. It isn't your job to fit into the narrative that others have conjured up for you. If you know you are the chameleon, then be that unapologetically.”
“Dreams link us to those who have already left this life.”
“There are still some wonderful people left in this world! They are diamonds in the rough, but they're around! You'll find them when you fall down– they're the ones who pick you up, who don't judge, and you had to fall down to see them! When you get up again, remember who your true friends are!”
“‎"What does it mean if you tried to get somewhere, and you didn't?" "Like what?" "Like if you were trying to get somewhere, but you couldn't find it? Does that mean something bad?" "No. It doesn't mean something bad. It just means you have a second chance to do it. And two chances is always better than just one.”
“We all have people whose selfless acts of goodwill have enriched our life. So, as you savour your own personal success, don’t forget to do what you can to better the lives of others.”
“Life is a journey a yearning for love.”
“A woman who knows how to fight on her knees can overcome any battle with ease.”
“You think I should stop feeling sorry for myself and go do something?" Blink. I gave a wan smile. "Direct and to the point.”
“But that initial, comet-blazing-across-the-sky, Big Idea is only the beginning. Each book is composed of a mosaic of thousands of little ideas, ideas that invariably come to me at two in the morning when my alarm is set for seven.”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“You're capable of pushing boundaries, taking risks, and looking beyond external validation. Dare to step into uncharted waters and be brave enough to realize the extraordinary potential within you!”
“I only drink champagne on two occasions, when I am in love and when I'm not.”
“We often have a variety of commitments competing for our time at any given moment.”
“The best way to succeed is to have a specific Intent, a clear Vision, a plan of Action, and the ability to maintain Clarity. Those are the Four Pillars of Success. It never fails!”
“ To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness ”
“The greatest risk in life is not taking any risks at all. Step outside your comfort zone and watch yourself soar.”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“I know you wanna ask me about fears,Oh my friend fears became history the moment I beaten left and right being hurt upside and down automatically gone pains push me to the edge of being bold, shortly that process reveal the real me I believe that what God wanted and planed about me the secret that I can tell you is I enjoy it a lot if you can ask me that if my past me come back Can I asept it? The answer is never! I feel like the new me were missing puzzle cause it rocks darling.I promise after testing this you'll fill the same I wish you to experience it”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“It is impossible to realize your incredible potential if you constantly try to be like everyone else without trying your own brand of originality. It is possible to discover your own beauty even in the littlest things, which makes life more enjoyable and meaningful.”
“Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.”
“Through building of habits, many decisions that previously involved active thinking and consideration become second nature.”
“My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.”
“Never let kindness be your weakness, never let your weaknesses be your downfal”
“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go  ..is found freedom. In the letting go  .. is found the flight!”
“You are beautiful, but you are empty. One could not die for you. To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like you --- the rose that belongs to me. But in herself alone she is more important than all the hundreds of you other roses: because it is she that I have watered; because it is she that I have put under the glass globe; because it is she that I have sheltered behind the screen; because it is for her that I have killed the caterpillars; because it is she that I have listened to, when she grumbled, or bloated, or even sometimes when she said nothing. Because she is my rose.”
“Twilight is the transition period between the end of the day and the beginning of the night. A time to let go of the past and embrace the unknown.”
“Be natural my children. For the writer that is natural has fulfilled all the rules of art." (Last words, according to Dickens's obituary in The Times .)”
“A confident woman does all she does without undermining herself, because she knows she is powerful.”
“When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I am going to believe that the best does. It has a fascination of its own, that bend, Marilla. I wonder how the road beyond it goes - what there is of green glory and soft, checkered light and shadows - what new landscapes - what new beauties - what curves and hills and valleys farther on.”
“When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.”
“you must understand that love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny.”
“It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.”
“Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.”
“You can climb the mountain with courage of concentration.”
“The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!”
“Life is a game of chess, where each move requires careful consideration and strategizing. Sometimes, the pieces fall into place, and other times, we are faced with obstacles that seem insurmountable. It is in those moments of adversity that our true character is revealed, and we are forced to make decisions that can ultimately determine the course of our lives.”
“Just as how making something for someone else blesses both the giver and receiver, so does praising God.”
“Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you  you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.”
“Can you identify the source preventing you from feeling good every single day, from loving yourself unconditionally and making your dreams come true? Is it a voice in your head or a gut wrenching ache that compromises your inner peace and doesn’t allow you to accept the love around you? Is there one thing, or maybe many things, keeping you from forgiving your past and moving forward, tormenting you with lies like “You don’t deserve real love so just settle for whatever you can get,” “You’re not smart enough to achieve your dream so don’t even try,” or “Look at your past… you should hate yourself way more than you actually do!”? Welcome to your Little Monster.”
“And if I'm alone in bed, I will go to the window, look up at the sky, and feel certain that loneliness is a lie, because the Universe is there to keep me company.”
“Celebrate the process! Let's face it - reaching our goals can be hard, and if we don't recognize and appreciate each small step along the way, we might not make it through. So instead of becoming overwhelmed by the big goal ahead, let's focus on each moment and celebrate every tiny success that brings us closer to where we want to be.”
“Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.”
“You are addressed by the way you dress. Your attire reflects your sense of value or taste and of course, your speech either makes or mars you.”
“When you are like the tree, there is oneness with the Earth, Sun and Moon, but still steadfast in your purpose.”
“Your creative outflows do not define, determine, or justify your value or significance; they simply reveal that it’s already there!”
“Because when we give too many fucks, when we choose to give a fuck about everything, then we feel as though we are perpetually entitled to feel comfortable and happy at all times, that’s when life fucks us.”
“ The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful. If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living . I am not speaking, of course, of the beauty which strikes the senses, of the beauty of qualities and appearances. I am far from despising this, but it has nothing to do with science. What I mean is that more intimate beauty which comes from the harmonious order of its parts, and which a pure intelligence can grasp.”
“All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.”
“I am unique I play by a different set of rules; I am not intimidated by anything.”
“A rich person who hates the poor should not forget that they are the creations of same creator who made him rich.”
“Understanding why you got success or failure is more important than any success or failure.”
“Books fall open, you fall in”
“God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.”
“We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”
“She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.”
“People with a negative outlook on life are miserable. Instead of being unhappy, decide to see the wonder and beauty in the world.”
“What motivates us? Challenge. What moves us? Challenge. What makes us better and stronger and more courageous? Challenge. Embrace the challenge, people!”
“Most times, you will realize that value is relative. Just as the rain is convenient to a farmer and convenient to a hunter, so is life. Some will like you; others will loathe you. Some will applaud you; others will criticize you. Some will stand with you, others will backstab you. Learn to accept these realities, and you will not be fazed by unfavourable conditions.”
“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
“Do you know what you are? You are a manuscript oƒ a divine letter. You are a mirror reflecting a noble face. This universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you are already that.”
“Making time to experience joy is the single most important thing you can do to heal your heart.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes, and mind to what lies behind; so you can focus on the now.”
“Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.”
“You Can Make the Call for You You can make the call for you to create peace in you, guiding you to a safe road, away from the destruction, the people who hurt you, away from distraction, the voice that put you down. Staying in the pathway to allow you to grow, where there is nourishment, surrounding by people who welcome you with kindness. Where there is light, enlightening you with knowledge. Where is safe to be, your wellbeing matters to those around you. Walking on a solid ground, supporting you in your walk of life. If you happen to fall, you can get up. Where still a clear path for you to walk all over again. Following your call to walk in the right path, where is suitable to live a life you can make it better, that you find peace living in.”
“A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.”
“If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.”
“You have to go the way your blood beats. If you don't live the only life you have, you won't live some other life, you won't live any life at all.”
“We become what we want to be by consistently being what we want to become each day.”
“You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.”
“Never ever forget that you enlisted in the ranks – you weren’t press ganged or drafted. Nobody owes you anything – least of all respect for your work – until you’ve earned it with what you put on the page.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“Nikolai had been told that hope was dangerous, had been warned of it many times. But he’d never believed that. Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home.”
“If you don't want to sink, then it's time to cut the negative anchors loose and start swimming!”
“Today, I will focus on the present and not worry about the future or how my story will end. The story will end when it is supposed to, and it will end with greatness because it will be a life well-lived.”
“Be adventurous in the way you approach personal development.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“The quest of one man is the quest of all mankind.”
“When brain stops, When heart stops, What is left of you? When eyes fail, When memory fails, What is left of you? When your last molecule has merged with nature, What is left of you? That's what you've really achieved - Testament to the fact that, there ever was a you.”
“Moonlight, the mystic smile of the night, can soothe the soul and calm the mind.”
“Be brave, follow dreams, say fuck you to everybody and fight for what you believe in.”
“In the east," she says after a time, her gaze still downcast, "there is a tradition known as kintsukuroi . It is the practice of mending broken ceramic pottery using lacquer dusted with gold and silver and other precious metals. It is meant to symbolize that things can be more beautiful for having been broken." "Why are you telling me this?" I ask. At last she looks at me. Her irises are polished obsidian in the moonlight. "Because I want you to know," she says, "that there is life after survival.”
“Sense of humour is just like philosophy, you can only participate in it with like minded people.”
“Do what you can while you can.”
“Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk. It's up to you.”
“Fear is what keeps the walls up, so open the gate and let what you want, in when you want”
“Never let anyone catch you with your head down, keep your head up. Be proud of yourself regardless of what you are going through in life.”
“The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!”
“Faith is the door to the full inner life of the Church, a life which includes not only access to an authoritative teaching but above all to a deep personal experience which is at once unique and yet shared by the whole Body of Christ, in the Spirit of Christ.”
“Be an evening general, content at manoeuvring the day’s skirmishes, and not a conscripted grunt griping about duty and suffering. At day’s end, plan tomorrow’s advances.”
“If life's an exercise in making memories, no one really goes away as long as they are remembered. (The many deaths of Laila Starr)”
“Your aim is not just what you train your eye on; it is how you train your eye.”
“When facing the battlefield, a woman of faith runs to her shield—God!”
“There were three things sought by invaders who crossed oceans to discover America. Those were gold, gospel, glory. There are four things sought by aliens who crossed heavens to discover planet earth. Those are gold, gospel, glory, gene.”
“Ideas of every kind are constantly galloping towards us, constantly passing through us, constantly trying to get our attention. Let them know you are available.”
“The way I see it, our natural human instinct is to fight or flee that which we perceive to be dangerous. Although this mechanism evolved to protect us, it serves as the single greatest limiting process to our growth. To put this process in perspective and not let it rule my life, I expect the unexpected; make the unfamiliar familiar; make the unknown known; make the uncomfortable comfortable; believe the unbelievable.”
“A new beginning is not just a chance to start over, but also an opportunity to create something better than before.”
“Writing is . being able to take something whole and fiercely alive that exists inside you in some unknowable combination of thought, feeling, physicality, and spirit, and to then store it like a genie in tense, tiny black symbols on a calm white page. If the wrong reader comes across the words, they will remain just words. But for the right readers, your vision blooms off the page and is absorbed into their minds like smoke, where it will re-form, whole and alive, fully adapted to its new environment.”
“No woman should be made to fear that she was not enough.”
“They are all coming now to see what part they played  Auditions are over. The Script is written and casting is closed.”
“You don't get time. You create time.”
“I am an optimist  I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.”
“Such is my relationship with God: on my gigantic canvass of life, I am the one throwing all of the brightly-colored paints, creating genuine splatters, authentic whirlpools of color, beautiful patterns, wonderful streaks and stains and wild accents; God is the one with the paintbrush who stands beside my canvass filling all the intricate and amazing details in between the whirlpools and the streaks! We're happy together!”
“The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”
“Your discipline will take you places your motivation won't and your obsession will take you places your discipline can't.”
“She whispered her secrets to the wind, hoping they would be carried away by the wind and never heard by anyone else.”
“Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.”
“It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.”
“If you are a dreamer come in”
“Know who is your competitor and who is your mentor. Most people fail because they get confused about who is who and they end up getting nowhere.”
“Pursue your goal. Opinions be damned.”
“Write the book you want to read.”
“As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.”
“Some battles don’t have a winner. Sometimes the best a good general can hope for is a ceasefire”
“In the end you should always do the right thing even if it's hard.”
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
“Responsibility to yourself means refusing to let others do your thinking, talking, and naming for you it means that you do not treat your body as a commodity with which to purchase superficial intimacy or economic security; for our bodies to be treated as objects, our minds are in mortal danger. It means insisting that those to whom you give your friendship and love are able to respect your mind. It means being able to say, with Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre: "I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all the extraneous delights should be withheld or offered only at a price I cannot afford to give. Responsibility to yourself means that you don't fall for shallow and easy solutions--predigested books and ideas marrying early as an escape from real decisions, getting pregnant as an evasion of already existing problems. It means that you refuse to sell your talents and aspirations short and this, in turn, means resisting the forces in society which say that women should be nice, play safe, have low professional expectations, drown in love and forget about work, live through others, and stay in the places assigned to us. It means that we insist on a life of meaningful work, insist that work be as meaningful as love and friendship in our lives. It means, therefore, the courage to be "different" The difference between a life lived actively, and a life of passive drifting and dispersal of energies, is an immense difference. Once we begin to feel committed to our lives, responsible to ourselves, we can never again be satisfied with the old, passive way.”
“Hurting others is a trait of ego. Do not injure in so far as you cannot correct it.”
“What would you say to yourself if you could actually meet a younger you?”
“What's most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty.”
“The sea of life is the same for everyone, sometimes it is calm and sometimes it is stormy, it is up to us to choose how to experience it”
“I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking”
“By overcoming obstacles in practice, you make your learning perfect and by overcoming the hardships you experience in life, you become complete in your life.”
“Stand at the top of a cliff and jump off and build your wings on the way down.”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“We will all be average in some things, above average in others, and below average in still others. But to aspire to be average is another thing entirely.”
“Once you carry your water, you will learn the value of every drop.”
“If you do not know your heart, you do not know your God.”
“The same wind blows on us all, winds of disaster, opportunity, change and zeal. However, it is not the blowing wind that determines our direction in life but the fundamental task of setting our sails.”
“When you try to live your most authentic life, some of your relationships will be put in jeopardy. Losing them is a risk worth bearing, Finding a way to keep them in your life is a challenge worth taking on.”
“Someone said that our goals keep us going, but it's our dreams that make us tick. So if you disconnect your goals from your dreams, don't be surprised if one morning you realize that your life is on autopilot.”
“People can cheer you even if you going on wrong place,why?they don't want to disappoint you!”
“If you can approach the world's complexities, both its glories and its horrors, with an attitude of humble curiosity, acknowledging that however deeply you have seen, you have only scratched the surface, you will find worlds within worlds, beauties you could not heretofore imagine, and your own mundane preoccupations will shrink to proper size, not all that important in the greater scheme of things.”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“Beliefs are our brain’s way of making sense of and explaining the world around us. They originate from our environment and the events we live through, but at the end of the day, every belief originates with a choice.”
“When something poses as obstacle to you,surmount it and use it as a miracle to move on to greater height.”
“I am so, so alive.”
“Students need a teacher who inspires them. When students view their teacher as inspirational, it increases their appetite for learning.”
“Choose to stay away from people who would not let you have your moment. They will talk about their moment in your moments. They will be like yeah you bought a car but my car. You have a house but my house. They don’t let you be and enjoy what you have without them comparing or mentioning what they have that is better than yours.”
“My goal is this: always to put myself in the place in which I am best able to serve, wherever my gifts and qualities find the best soil to grow, the widest field of action. There is no other goal.”
“We must be very deliberate in choosing what is meaningful to us and provide a stable path for long-term growth.”
“As you live your life in this world, some burdens may be too much to bear. Sometimes those you expect to have your back will stab you in the back, but when you trust the God who is just and fair, you will find the courage to rise beyond the moments of despair.”
“Shugyo is the way The goal: better, not perfect Practice and have fun [According to the author, noted earlier in this magnificent picture book, "shygyo" means "training like crazy."]”
“The sounds of music have dimmed into a self-censored silence. We pause, we gaze for far too long at the markets from a broken window where Kabul's finest orchestras weeks ago were still learning to play. We linger, remembering what used to be.”
“errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.”
“Life has no friend, my friend. Treat it well.”
“The strength of a praying woman does not come to an end because whenever she feels weak, she knows where to lean.”
“ictims of human rights abuses should not suffer in silence. Their voices deserve to be heard, recognized, accepted, and celebrated. They have the right to stand up for themselves and ensure that they have a better quality of life than what they have experienced. People who degrade those who have been oppressed are ignorant and foolish. They fail to consider that evil that is dismissed is given the opportunity to develop into a very serious problem that can affect the lives of many people, including their own life.”
“We follow the codes not because they bring gain, but because we loathe the people we would otherwise become.”
“Deep restlessness is far more important and powerful than simple ambition or raw intelligence. It is the foundation of resilience and self motivation.”
“When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.”
“When you love people you don't want to remember how they died. You want to remember how they lived. -Emit Eht”
“No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet introspection.”
“To engage in later thinking, one must let go of preconceived notions and consider novel concepts.”
“Let us all strive today in order to thrive tomorrow. For today's miles of efforts can be tomorrow's smiles of success.”
“Hello. I am dead, very dead. Yes, we write after we die. It seems the need to create had nothing to do with a desperation to understand oneself during our aliveness, but rather the discharge of natural, tiny volumes of our soul. Here comes six bubbles: there was a boy named andrei.”
“In the modern workplace, you gotta be a jack-of-all-trades. Mastering your career is all about being adaptable, versatile, and always learning.”
“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
“There is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life, just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. You are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else, too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!”
“If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.”
“It isn't the subjects we write about but the seriousness and subtlety of our expression that determines the worth of or effort.”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.”
“All young people, regardless of sexual orientation or identity, deserve a safe and supportive environment in which to achieve their full potential.”
“No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances.”
“If you find yourself in a funk or feeling unmotivated with life, make a small goal. Start with a small area of chaos in your life. Make a short list of two or three things and check them off. This may help you feel like you are progressing. Wash the dishes, clean the closet, sweep the porch, organize your food pantry, or clean out your car. You don’t need to go out and run a marathon. Instead, set a smaller goal. Walk 5,000 or 10,000 steps. In order to do that, you must start with one.”
“The more invested I am in my own ideas about reality, the more those experiences will feel like victimizations rather than the ups and downs of relating. Actually, I believe that the less I conceptualize things that way, the more likely it is that people will want to stay by me, because they will not feel burdened, consciously or unconsciously, by my projections, judgments, entitlements, or unrealistic expectations.”
“There's no point in wishing. We can't change anything about the past. We can only remember. We can only move forward.”
“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
“What we do comes out of who we believe we are.”
“It is my sincere wish that you have the support you require before you experience a serious wake-up call.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Don't confuse being kind and being played this is life not the game you must know the different before you regret.”
“The mountains may appear intimidating and insurmountable, but each step we take towards them teaches us more about our strength and fortitude.”
“If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.”
“It is better to have God over your shoulder, than carry the world alone on your back.”
“Try to revise your strategy before quitting something you've been working diligently at. Don't change the destination yet, because a different route may be the answer.”
“We stand at Armageddon and we battle for the Lord.”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“Remember to be kind with your words especially to yourself”
“We all have something redeemable in us, no matter how small." - Laura Armstrong, A Human Element”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.”
“There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.”
“What we achieve or don’t achieve in our lives depends on our decisions. While some decisions open doors, others push us down into a pit of problems.”
“Here is a universal law: that when it comes to negative and positive, you will always thrive more powerfully in the positive if you have first been immersed in, and have heroically overcome, the polar opposite negative of that thing. To abide in the positive existence of something, without having known and overcome it’s polar opposite— that is to be only a frame of the real structure. Easily toppled down and taken apart. True power is in the hands of the one who thrives in the positive, after having known and conquered the negative. Because when the demons come along, she will say to those demons: “I know you, I have owned you, but now you bow down to me.”
“Take the risk or lose the chance”
“An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.”
“Maybe the worst reason to do anything. I got scared.”
“He who aspires shall achieve great deeds.”
“The sharp jagged edges of memory are where both pain and motivation lie.”
“I think that the best kind of change, is the change that comes from the inside and begins it's way out until it emerges on the outside; a change that is born underneath then continues and spreads until it has reached the surface. That's a true change. A powerful change. And I have found that while we are emerging, changing into something glorious; it is actually us becoming who we really are. A water lily is born underneath the water, inside the soil at the bottom of the river or lake. And the water lily has always been a water lily for that whole time that it was sprouting out of the wet soil, reaching up through the dark water towards the sunlight, stretching and grasping for the surface; where it then buds and blooms on the outside in the sunshine. It doesn't bud and bloom on the surface and then try to reach down below into the soil.”
“It is not what we have that matters; what matters is what we give away with love.”
“To purify yourself, you must first learn to pray.”
“If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you.”
“A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.”
“One doesn't have to be religious to lead a moral life or attain wisdom.”
“The Cause that caused Fear need not appear again. Therefore not fear about Fear”
“the holiest place on earth is where an ancient hatred has become apresent love.”
“But if I'm it, the last of my kind, the last page of human history, like hell I'm going to let the story end this way. I may be the last one, but I am the one still standing. I am the one turning to face the faceless hunter in the woods on an abandoned highway. I am the one not running but facing. Because if I am the last one, then I am humanity. And if this is humanity's last war, then I am the battlefield.”
“In reality there are no limitations. They are vibrant and changeable to whatever form you want them to take to realise your goals.”
“In the same way there is much, much in all of us, but we do not know it. No one ever calls it out in us, unless we are lucky enough to know intelligent, imaginative, sympathetic people who love us and have the magnanimity to encourage us, to believe in us, by listening, by praise, by appreciation, by laughing. If you are going to write, you must become aware of this richness in you and come to believe in it and know it is there so that you can write opulently with with self-trust. Once you become aware of it, have faith in it, you will be all right. But it is like this: if you have a million dollars in the bank and don't know, it doesn't so you any good.”
“New Year Same Person New Motivations”
“It is possible to remake this world because you - the very deepest you - are its one and only Author, its sole Creator. But it - you - are not alone, because the deepest Self of this deepest you is looking out through the eyes of every sentient being alive, including all 9 billion humans on the planet. You can remake the world because you possess 18 billion hands, more than enough to reshape and refigure all that needs to be done. Feel the unimaginable creative power of this one and only I AMness, and know that anything is possible.”
“You are an artist and the masterpiece is your life.”
“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”
“When life is perpetually unfair in your favor, it is tempting to believe that you deserve it.”
“The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.”
“As your action is, so is your destiny.”
“Someone once asked Somerset Maugham if he wrote on a schedule or only when struck by inspiration. “I write only when inspiration strikes,” he replied. “Fortunately it strikes every morning at nine o’clock sharp." That's a pro.”
“I said to my soul, be still and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing; wait without love, for love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, but the faith and the love are all in the waiting. Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought: So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.”
“Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent. And don’t bother concealing your thievery - celebrate it if you feel like it. In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from - it’s where you take them to." [ MovieMaker Magazine #53 - Winter, January 22, 2004 ]”
“Talent is a faucet. When it is on, one must write. Inspiration is a farce that poets have invented to give themselves importance.”
“Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!”
“Kindness can save. Laughter can uplift. A word can infuse another with love. Your light can shine, for someone, the beam of the eternal dance of joy and peace.”
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
“Having the courage to stand up for what we believe in is our greatest glory, not winning every battle.”
“Talent is helpful in writing, but guts are absolutely essential.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“You will never improve in life if you’re always living on easy street. Strength and progress can be gained if only you just step outside of your comfort zone.”
“Am I weird?" "Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.”
“The journey of life looks differently for everyone.”
“Therefore it is unnecessary for a prince to have all the good qualities I have enumerated, but it is very necessary to appear to have them. And I shall dare to say this also, that to have them and always to observe them is injurious, and that to appear to have them is useful; to appear merciful, faithful, humane, religious, upright, and to be so, but with a mind so framed that should you require not to be so, you may be able and know how to change to the opposite.”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“While improvement in your habits and actions is a life-long process, the desire to achieve it can thus be sparked in a moment.”
“I gave myself permission to care, because there are a lot of people in this world who are afraid of caring, who are afraid of showing they care because it’s uncool. It’s uncool to have passion. It’s so much easier to lose when you’ve shown everyone how much you don’t care if you win or lose. It’s much harder to lose when you show that you care, but you’ll never win unless you also stand to lose. I’ve said it before. Don’t be afraid of your passion, give it free reign, and be honest and work hard and it will all turn out just fine.”
“Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action.”
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.”
“No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Surround yourself with leaders who have their own thoughts and opinions. This is an incredible way to sharpen your mind, learn from diverse perspectives, and merge genius ideas.”
“You have seen me fall; now see me rise.”
“It's a lie to think you're not good enough. It's a lie to think you're not worth anything.”
“No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope”
“Inspiration ignites the spark of magic. Creativity is magic.”
“A woman of virtue is not a weakling. Yes, she knows her weaknesses, yet she does not let them define her. She makes a difference in the world.”
“We don't learn from our experiences, we learn from reflecting on our experiences.”
“I don't have an attitude!! I have a personality you can't handle!!”
“Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.”
“Do Not let the crumbling of the dying Old World weigh down your Heart; For We Are here, To Create the New.”
“The biggest waste of time remains the time spent in thinking that people responsible for our misery will one day suffer the consequences; because it wrecks us more than them by constantly running in our mind, blocking entry to any positive thought.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“We habitually erect a barrier called blame that keeps us from communicating genuinely with others, and we fortify it with our concepts of who's right and who's wrong. We do that with the people who are closest to us and we do it with political systems, with all kinds of things that we don't like about our associates or our society. It is a very common, ancient, well-perfected device for trying to feel better. Blame others .Blaming is a way to protect your heart, trying to protect what is soft and open and tender in yourself. Rather than own that pain, we scramble to find some comfortable ground.”
“Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.”
“One more dance along the razor's edge finished. Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today.”
“What endures in states of extreme suffering and euphoria? Meaning.”
“You are beautiful. Know this. Anyone who tells you otherwise is simply lying. You are beautiful.”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?”
“She had become accustomed to being lonely. She was used to walking alone and to being considered 'different.' She did not suffer too much.”
“Imagining yourself to be in the place of a person who failed in handling a problem in his life and thinking that you could have done it better in his place is bullsh*t.”
“The power of love can spread magic to the world like nothing else.”
“Your attitude determines your happiness, not your circumstances." - by Sri Guru Vyas”
“Live joy. Be kind. Love unconditionally.”
“Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.”
“Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.”
“You took life by the horns and tried to hold on tight, for fear of being ripped to shreds, left bloodied and battered.”
“I channeled the people's choices with my every move and desire, so everything I did was righteous.”
“Those who do not know the value of freedom or who think that something is more important than their freedom, they commit crimes.”
“Grace isn't a little prayer you chant before receiving a meal. It's a way to live.”
“When someone wrongs us, the appropriate reaction is to acknowledge the wrongdoing and offer the offending party forgiveness.”
“Trust issues don't always come from bad relationships. They come from trusting the people you love the most. Being betrayed by the people you gave the most to. Believing their love was unconditional only to end up so scarred from a complete misinterpretation of what they thought love was meant to be.”
“Because captains aren't like poets they don't make metaphors between the sea and the sky. And as I thought that to myself I realized - that's why I write.”
“Success is the result of consistent action, fueled by passion and guided by purpose. It's not about being the best, but about being better than you were yesterday. So strive for progress, not perfection, and trust the process, for the journey is just as important as the destination.”
“Finish every day and be done with it. For manners and for wise living it is a vice to remember. You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it well and serenely, and with too high a spirit to be cumbered with your old nonsense. This day for all that is good and fair. It is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the rotten yesterdays.”
“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
“The only difference between you and God is that you have forgotten you are divine.”
“The average passenger eats enough calories to keep them weight gain a year old for a week, a week and a half.”
“This night is young, made of many stars, and unravels destiny only when you dance.”
“The first gift is Strength. May you remember to call upon it whenever you need it.”
“People would rather believe than know.”
“It is a serious thing to live in a society of possible gods and goddesses, to remember that the dullest most uninteresting person you can talk to may one day be a creature which,if you saw it now, you would be strongly tempted to worship, or else a horror and a corruption such as you now meet, if at all, only in a nightmare. All day long we are, in some degree helping each other to one or the other of these destinations. It is in the light of these overwhelming possibilities, it is with the awe and the circumspection proper to them, that we should conduct all of our dealings with one another, all friendships, all loves, all play, all politics. There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub, and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors.”
“For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.”
“No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet.”
“The sky is the limit  for some people aim higher nothing is impossible.”
“When life gives us challenges, they are opportunities to grow, just like storms feed the plants and give us rainbows.”
“Arrange whatever pieces come your way.”
“The future owes us nothing.”
“You are a sum product of every thought you've ever had, every belief you've ever held, and every decision you have ever taken. Don't be fooled; whatever's going on in your mind at this very moment is either hindering you or advancing your progress. Take care of your thoughts.”
“Death is more uni­ver­sal than life; everyone dies but not every­one lives.”
“Yesterday's unsuccessful people who never give up are successful today”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“Dear Superwoman, I do not know how you do it, but I salute you. You are smart. You are brave, and you will forever rise!”
“God works through people who have their feet firmly planted on the ground”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality ”
“Changing our perception can change the polarity of our energy.”
“Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.”
“Words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain. The best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak.”
“Don’t just live. Dig deep and enjoy the thrill.”
“The king was silent. "Ents!" he said at length. "Out of the shadows of legend I begin a little to understand the marvel of the trees, I think. I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of the strange places, and walk visible under the Sun." "You should be glad," Théoden King," said Gandalf. "For not only the little life of Men is now endangered, but the life also of those thing which you have deemed the matter of legend. You are not without allies, even if you know them not." "Yet also I should be sad," said Théoden. "For however the fortune of war shall go, may it not so end that much that was fair and wonderful shall pass for ever out of Middle-earth?”
“You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it”
“Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.”
“It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!”
“The best way to respond to Hatred is to trigger Love. The one who Loves is the Greatest”
“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably become as ordinary as they expect you to be.”
“Success is no accident . It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all  love of what you are doing . Tribute to the legend Pele”
“You were created for more than to bear the weight of your shadows - but you have to choose to no longer let them define you. You have to choose to let the light shine through the shattered pieces.”
“Whatever life throws at you, what you make of it is entirely up to you.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life. No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today. Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it! This life makes no room for cowards.”
“There are two wolves in every human. A white wolf and a black wolf. The white wolf is symbolic of all your good deeds, where-as the black wolf is symbolic of all your bad deeds. I ask you then, which wolf wins the fight? The wolf you choose to feed of course. But beware for a hungry wolf is a ruthless wolf and will fight harder then they ever have before. However on that 33rd fight, the wolf you refused to feed won't even be able to show up.”
“Everyone who got to where they are had to begin where they were.”
“You have a masterpiece inside you, you know. One unlike any that has ever been created, or ever will be. If you go to your grave without painting your masterpiece, it will not get painted. No one else can paint it. Only you.”
“It dangerous to be comfortable in people's praises will make you expect it in wrong place and time.”
“The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.”
“We don't have to defeat any individual but our own self.”
“I’m a rebel in the game of chance I have learned to enjoy the spiritual dance I have yearned to speak the language of truth I have the power to inspire our youth”
“Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.”
“May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.”
“If obstacles are large, jump higher.”
“Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.”
“What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.”
“Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.”
“The existence of stars can be seen in the dark; Sometimes you may experience darkness in your life, consider it a blessing to prove your existence.”
“The only difference between money and blank paper is that I can use blank paper for campfire” - Anuj Jasani”
“‎Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“The easiest way to do anything is properly.”
“A cup, as in life, should not be over filled for it is a waste. Should there be too little, you will be left thirsty and never quench your thirst. Yet a cup, which is almost filled, will let you drink and yet you may still leave some for later.”
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.”
“Be a go-getter.”
“Being able to Read and Write is a massive Blessing Bestowed upon us, use it to help those who cannot!”
“Wish it need not have happened in my time,” said Frodo. “So do I,” said Gandalf, “and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring.”
“Question why we have certain attitudes towards professions/moods: 1) Corrupt politician 2) Vain movie star 3) Disgruntled employee 4) Mean classmate 5) Greedy banker 6) Deep writer 7) Sad poet Why do we apply these moods to people from these occupations? Where does this desire to criticize stem from? Why are we more critical of some occupations more than others? Since when have stereotypes existed? Why do we typically utilize them in a negative manner?”
“Every thought arises from experience & observation, always take it for inspiration, motivation & direction only. Never compare your situation with any thought. Other's thought can correlate with your situation but situational decisions must be always yours.”
“The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.”
“Want to know a secret? You can be happy! You can choose to be happy, and in the vast majority of circumstances there’s no one who can stop YOU except yourself!”
“You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear; you will reach your destination.”
“A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. ”
“Deep silence is the soul's language, where words are unnecessary, and the heart speaks the truth.”
“For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people. For a slim figure, share your food with the hungry. For beautiful hair, let a child run his fingers through it once a day. For poise, walk with the knowledge you’ll never walk alone.   We leave you a tradition with a future. The tender loving care of human beings will never become obsolete. People even more than things have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed and redeemed and redeemed and redeemed. Never throw out anybody. Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, you’ll find one at the end of your arm. As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands: one for helping yourself, the other for helping others. Your “good old days” are still ahead of you, may you have many of them.”
“Love has neither aversion to pain nor attraction to bliss. Love is just fully itself in both.”
“The soul is healed by being with children.”
“Stay close, don't go far, hold hands as dance heals all the scars.”
“Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.”
“No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.”
“Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.”
“Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“Love is the opposite of fear and it lights the flames of a million hearts.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Be that woman who stands out. Even if it means spending sleepless nights, do it. As long as it is the right thing to do. Do not settle for being where you were in the past. So, you can waltz towards a better future.”
“There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.”
“A sustainable future is not an option; it is an imperative if we wish to inherit a world worth living in.”
“Your guardian angel never, ever stops communicating with you. I feel that at times they should be frustrated with us but they seem to have endless patience and they never ever give up on us. ”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely”
“Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no “Other.” There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.”
“Stop trying to explain yourself. People only understand things from their level of perception; within the parameters of their agreement with reality. Save your energy.”
“It matters not how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus. Our bodies are our gardens, to the which our wills are gardeners: so that if we will plant nettles, or sow lettuce, set hyssop and weed up thyme, supply it with one gender of herbs, or distract it with many, either to have it sterile with idleness, or manured with industry, why, the power and corrigible authority of this lies in our wills. If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most preposterous conclusions: but we have reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts, whereof I take this that you call love to be a sect or scion.”
“Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind.”
“I wish I could dance in real life like I dance in my head.”
“In a world chasing trends, find solace in the everlasting embrace of authenticity and pure happiness.”
“When you learn to smile in the face of adversity it begins to feel much less like adversity and more like a challenge.”
“Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four Cs. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.”
“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”
“The purpose of life is not to be happy—but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.”
“If a nation has not God that nation must fall, but if a nation has God then all the powers of evil, and all the armies, cannot shake its foundations; no, not even if the whole world is arrayed against it.”
“In the pull of unknown I sense my thirst .and so I wander the way wild winds do .the way the tides long for the shores the way the stars through darkness meander .like the ships adrift at sea .the way the robins flutter in the winds the way the sea lulls itself to sleep .and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .”
“Fairness does not mean everyone gets the same. Fairness means everyone gets what they need.”
“And in that glorious burst of energy and speed, Ceridwen whispered the word once more. Onward. Fate. Battle cry. And occasionally, a prayer.”
“speak quietly to yourself & promise there will be better days. whisper gently to yourself and provide assurance that you really are extending your best effort. console your bruised and tender spirit with reminders of many other successes. offer comfort in practical and tangible ways - as if you were encouraging your dearest friend. recognize that on certain days the greatest grace is that the day is over and you get to close your eyes. tomorrow comes more brightly ”
“Life is not a bowl of free custard and jelly. It can be a very challenging journey; be that as it may, find reasons to be jolly.”
“The day you will start loving yourself, No one else's love will be needed that day!”
“Each of us has a vulnerability like Edmund's that Satan is eager to exploit. It may be something addictive like drugs or alcohol, or it may be something seemingly harmless and perhaps even good like food, friendship, or work.”
“The rainbow is the pot of gold to those who observe.”
“The calling of an author is more than just to entertain, but also to share ones experiences with the world.”
“At times you’ve no one around to be blamed for all the shit you have to go through in life. It’s not always the mistake of the people of the world that you were not granted something you wished so bad to have. It’s just not written for you. It’s not as easy to feel as it sounds to hear this fact from your loved ones who’re trying to console you or read anywhere on a paper, unless and until you’re in those circumstances experiencing the thing you loved the most taken away from your hands. Every second feels like torture that you’ve never heard, never encountered, or experienced before.”
“If love does not arrive, sing and dance with melodies by your side.”
“One who has loved truly, can never lose entirely. Love is whimsical and temperamental. Its nature is ephemeral, and transitory. It comes when it pleases,and goes away without warning. Accept and enjoy it while it remains, but spend no time worrying about its departure. Worry will never bring it back.”
“Strength is found in the calmness of not reacting instantly. Taking a moment and thinking calmly will bring clarity.”
“Give your weakness to one who helps.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“My smile is big and speaks of love I carry it around like a silky glove When you turn and look at me What do you see, what do you see”
“I have seen the smartest people die with zero achievement because of their endless emotions”
“Success is a decision, not a gift.”
“Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own.”
“I don’t believe in lowering the pitch of a woman's voice so she can be heard on a microphone that was made for a man. I don't believe that the natural sound of a woman's voice makes her sound 'annoying' or 'unintelligent.' I do believe that all women are capable, by making small, specific changes, to speak in a way that both reflects who she is and commands a room.”
“He ran as he'd never run before, with neither hope nor despair. He ran because the world was divided into opposites and his side had already been chosen for him, his only choice being whether or not to play his part with heart and courage. He ran because fate had placed him in a position of responsibility and he had accepted the burden. He ran because his self-respect required it. He ran because he loved his friends and this was the only thing he could do to end the madness that was killing and maiming them.”
“May you live every day of your life.”
“Learn to allow some chapters in your life to close so you can start new, beautiful chapters.”
“To write a book is for all the world like humming a song—be but in tune with yourself, madam, 'tis no matter how high or how low you take it.”
“God is subtle but he is not malicious.”
“The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.”
“Everything is within your power, and your power is within you.”
“We are all interconnected, like particles of dust and ashes, a reminder that our actions ripple through time and affect the world around us.”
“Desires are the materialistic illusions of happiness. Reduce the flame of desire to control your anger.”
“Her gifts usher her to places she has never been. The work of her own hands opened doors she had never seen. She is a gifted woman.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“What you have learned from experience is worth much more than gold. If you have a house it may burn down. Any kind of possession can be lost, but your experience is yours forever. Keep it and find a way to use it.”
“It matters not how fast light may travel, darkness shall always be there awaiting its arrival.”
“Even very good activities can become very exhausting activities when we do them to convince ourselves and others that we are worthy of being loved.”
“None of us want to be pushed or forced. Instead, we want to be inspired, gently coaxed, and encouraged to achieve our targets, attain high ideals, and turn the impossible into the possible. Inspirations and motivations do the work of coaxing, encouraging, stimulating, uplifting or cheering on.”
“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
“Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.”
“Be bold. Don't be shy to say no to the future you don't like”
“They looked to each other for support, for strength, and at times, motivation, to remember why and for whom they lived.”
“Second Confrontation With The Limp. Today while ascending the escalators, In the crowd of thousands of spectators, The limp appeared once again, With similar signature of pain and strain, And the drag with which he pulled his right foot, Today seemed shorter than half a foot, He appeared to be moving in a definite direction, Without any doubts or dereliction, As I was ascending the escalator, He was descending the stairs one at a time , like a helpless procrastinator, And there I caught a glimpse of human emotion, A feeling of surging and pristinely humane sensation, A man who must have been in his mid sixties and ascending the escalator beside me, With side parted grey hair and a composed look that even skies longed to see, Caught the sight of the limp holding his bag in his left hand, While he held his right leg with his right hand and pushed it to the next step, to maintain balance and anyhow stand, He descended the stairs with caution, one step at a time, And the left leg, was in complete denial to rhyme, With the floundering right foot supported by his ankle high shoes, But there was nothing to cover or hide his face bearing the painful blues, The man looked at him and turned to see him again and again, Then without making it obvious, he removed his spectacles and cleared his tears, as he revived his look simple and plain, But it seemed he missed a heart beat when he saw the man limping in the crowd, A rush of emotion crossed him and surged his existence and for anyone equally sensitive, it was silent yet very loud, His feelings of sympathy were displayed all over his face, The sadness that he managed to hide with a synthetic grace, Failed in preventing him to constantly turn his head and look at the limping man, Perhaps it reminded him of someone dear or he felt a fellow human beings pain culminating in the form of the limping man, And he quietly wept and maybe felt deeply sorry for the limp and his relentless dragging, For whatever reason the limp too turned and looked back, and both were locked in a momentary emotional tugging, Where the limp gently smiled and bowed a bit, The man tried to smile too but he couldn't, so he lifted his hand slowly and waved it at him, as if to tell him, keep walking, never stop or sit, And then both pursued, rather were lured by their destinies, One ascending, the other one descending, with their own dreams, own hopes and a bunch of certainties, The man must be where he ought to be, the limp too might be at his destination now, But today both of them conquered their destinies with that humbling and simple bow!”
“By accepting that no two perceptions in the world could ever be identical, we can avoid so many arguments, debates, fights, lives, and relationships every day.”
“Victims of human rights abuses should not suffer in silence. Their voices deserve to be heard, recognized, accepted, and celebrated. They have the right to stand up for themselves and ensure that they have a better quality of life than what they have experienced. People who degrade those who have been oppressed are ignorant and foolish. They fail to consider that evil that is dismissed is given the opportunity to develop into a very serious problem that can affect the lives of many people, including their own life.”
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“being afraid to take chances is scarier than actually doing things that challenge you.”
“I cannot pretend I am without fear. But my predominant feeling is one of gratitude. I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return; I have read and traveled and thought and written. I have had an intercourse with the world, the special intercourse of writers and readers. Above all, I have been a sentient being, a thinking animal, on this beautiful planet, and that in itself has been an enormous privilege and adventure.”
“Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.”
“Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.”
“Motivation is the fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.”
“But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.”
“We are born alone, live alone, and die alone. We create the illusion of relationship, love, and friendship during the intermittent. A Maya who makes us feel like we're not alone.”
“A bad day doesn't mean a bad week or a bad month or a bad year.”
“Ako se danas ne boriš, sutra nemoj da plačeš.”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success ”
“Loud is an attitude as much as it is volume.”
“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
“True comfort cannot be bought with fame and luxury, it must be earned through personal growth and self-acceptance”
“In sport, there are champions and there are heroes. Champions win because they are good at what they do and take particular advantage of their victories. Heroes win when least expected, overcome their own limits, and when they receive their laurels they share their victories with an entire nation.”
“Never confuse someone else's inability to do something with its inability to be done.”
“I have learned, that the person I have to ask for forgiveness from the most is: myself. You must love yourself. You have to forgive yourself, everyday, whenever you remember a shortcoming, a flaw, you have to tell yourself "That's just fine". You have to forgive yourself so much, until you don't even see those things anymore. Because that's what love is like.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“Treasure every moment as a miracle.”
“Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?”
“The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.”
“There’s nothing more tedious than pretending happiness when your world is upside down. Don’t pretend. It’s ok not to smile when anxiety is controlling your life. But don’t let the misery envelop you. Take a deep breath and try to fix your world though it may take some time. Remember, there is a way out of despair. You are that way.”
“Have nuts and be nuts.”
“Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.”
“No one has a perfect life; that is the bottom line.”
“Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”
“During the crash and burn, I began to burn from cranial crown to flat sole, for meaning and understanding. Every concept, psychological perceptions with hardened pathways, everything that registered as inherited from the communal was starting to dissolve into meaninglessness. The foundational tenets, the pre-established belief systems, instilled sustenance systems tended by both family and extended communal began to dissolve, first as trivial, and then as untenable to my being without validation from me. If my life was worth anything, I choose to live the best life for me. So I entered what I call The Blank State.”
“Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.”
“Why be shy? Even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out?”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“A story meant to motivate all and sundry irrespective of their circumstances”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“The easiest way to complicate things is to overthink”
“At times, it can be difficult to even set aside moments for relaxation, let alone opportunities to pursue personal development.”
“One of the great liabilities of history is that all too many people fail to remain awake through great periods of social change. Every society has its protectors of status quo and its fraternities of the indifferent who are notorious for sleeping through revolutions. Today, our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake, to adjust to new ideas, to remain vigilant and to face the challenge of change.”
“You can't change the wind but you can set your sails.”
“The Dalai Lama, when asked what surprised him most about humanity, answered "Man! Because he sacrifices his health in order to make money. Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation." "I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.”
“Becoming isn't about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim. I see it instead as a forward motion, a means of evolving. A way to reach continuously toward a better self. The journey doesn't end.”
“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
“Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.”
“If it’s going to be a world with no time for sentiment, it’s not a world that I want to live in.”
“Some people will walk into your life when you need them most, some will walk out when you need them most, and some will walk with you every step of your journey. They all make your life truly rich.”
“Shit´s already broken, so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t, at least now you know how to take it apart”
“The consequences of every act are included in the act itself.”
“If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.”
“Behind every triumph there's a thousand tragedies.”
“The best things in life come from stepping outside your comfort zone.”
“A woman of prayer fights battles and wins. She is not afraid of the battlefield. She knows how to be still and still win.”
“We all have a list of things that we failed at. This list is not kept in our mind to remind us of the failure, but it's there so we remember that we cannot let that be the thing we are known for. We must try again - this time, we will not fail”
“The harsh reality of our existence is that we will forever face times where we will need to partake in both enjoyable and unenjoyable activity.”
“Everyone and Everything you love becomes a part of who you are. You just never realize how much until they are gone.”
“Shouldn’t plans be constantly under review?”
“The strong man is not one who is good at wrestling, but the strong man is one who controls himself in a fit of rage.”
“A dumb idea isn't dumb if it works so you might as well just try it out”
“Writers are the custodians of memory ”
“Positive Thinking will help you maintain a healty mindset and achieve a new perspective in your daily life. How? Well, did you know that you can increase your chances of succeeding in anything you do by just thinking positively? In order for your life to be fulfilling and happy, you have to be optimistic and develop good idn live vibes. In fact, most psychologists recommend positive thinking for good mental health. You may have probably heard of this idea but dismissed it. Truth is, it holds water. Besides helping improve your mental health and general wellness, positive thinking helps boost your confidence and improves the relationships you have with other people. There are many ways to improve your mindset. One way is to associate with positive people or others who carry good attitudes, and who will keep encouraging you even when you fail. You can also maintain positivity by being enthusiastic even when you feel dull. Additionally, reading uplifting quotes can inspire you to be optimistic. In that respect, below are some inspiring positive thinking quotes and proverbs to help you achieve a new perspective.”
“One bird is still singing.”
“Oh, I see you think to be half necked on your gorgeous or killer outfit is rocking or cool that's not law of fashion and it out of style.”
“Embrace the unknown and let life's unpredictability lead you to extraordinary experiences.”
“The fastest way to get over anything in your life is by revisiting it and giving it a different meaning”
“Stop giving your life away to other people.”
“remember that trying is eighty percent of doing something. So try and don't give up, because not giving up is the other twenty percent.”
“Let yourself be enchanted in small ways.”
“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
“There is no failure except in no longer trying.”
“The writer's only responsibility is to his art. He will be completely ruthless if he is a good one. He has a dream. It anguishes him so much he must get rid of it. He has no peace until then. Everything goes by the board: honor, pride, decency, security, happiness, all, to get the book written. If a writer has to rob his mother, he will not hesitate; the 'Ode on a Grecian Urn' is worth any number of old ladies.”
“I may be a idiot, but most of the time, anyway, I tried to do the right thing, an dreams is just dreams, ain’t they? So whatever else has happened, I am figgerin this: I can always look back an say, at least I ain’t led no hum-drum life.”
“Hate looks like everybody else until it smiles”
“Life can never be a dress rehearsal. It is real. Value your time and put no value on people or things that add no value to your life.”
“Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.”
“Dumbledore will only leave from Hogwarts when there are none loyal to him!”
“Proper training is key, it allows one to accomplish a great deal."" Queen Elizabeth II”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding and keep winning.”
“You are 100 percent responsible for taking control of your health. Learn about nutrition, healthy eating, and how to fuel your body the right way.”
“I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.”
“Quiet people have the loudest minds.”
“One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.”
“Our thoughts have the energy to light the candle and burn the hand. It all depends on how we handle them.”
“Happiness is not how many things you do, but how well you do them. More is not better. Happiness is not experiencing something else; it's continually experiencing what you already have in new and different ways.”
“Life is fragile and temporary. The faces of today quickly become the faces of the past. Sorrow, pain, and anger  it all fades- except love. Love is forever and there after, even when we've fallen to our graves.”
“Have no room for people who set you back.”
“Ish #211 "Your child is your parental obligation, not friend.”
“When the darkness closes all around, beauty is st I’ll there just waiting to be found.”
“What is inspiration? The word “inspire” comes from the Latin word “inspirare,” which means “to breathe upon or to breathe into.” Breath is life. To inspire, therefore, is to breathe life into. Inspiration breathes life into us. Success may be “ninety-nine percent perspiration” and only one percent inspiration. But remember this: It is the one percent inspiration that starts your engines. It is that one percent that ignites the dormant fires within you. Once you have inspired yourself, then you must perspire. Perspire profusely in body and mind, and keep the fires of inspiration burning. If you don’t do that, then those burning fires will become dormant ashes forever”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Illegal arrest, illegal warrants and seizure are a bit more than an issue.”
“whatever you do be gentle with yourself. you don’t just live in this world or your home or your skin. you also live in someone’s eyes.”
“Forget yourself, and you may just find what you were made to be and do.”
“One should measure their life by the faith they embrace and the relationships they cherish”
“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”
“If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.”
“Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!”
“Curiosity is the single most important attribute with which humans are born. More than a simple desire to discover or know things, curiosity is a powerful tool, like a scalpel or a searchlight. Curiosity changes us. It is also a way to effect change, perhaps even on a global level.”
“Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.”
“Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!”
“We are raised under the watchful eyes of guardians, who embed their own hopes and aspirations within us.”
“A positive attitude acts like a fork in the road, which effectively alters the course of your life for the better.”
“Trying doesn't end although it seems like time ran out and you think about there's no need to activate your body hold time by doing it will help your heart to join marathon of heathy living.”
“Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!”
“Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.”
“Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.”
“It is impossible to discourage the real writers - they don't give a damn what you say, they're going to write.”
“Education empowers whoever wishes to learn.”
“Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.”
“When you travel mentally from a low point to a high point, the ensuing inspiration eclipses the negativity of the initial downfall.”
“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
“Love is the Answer, God is the Cure!”
“If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.”
“Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.”
“Sometimes, the journey of life can be difficult, but remember, this is your race to run; no one can do it on your behalf.”
“Someone needs to tell those tales. When the battles are fought and won and lost, when the pirates find their treasure and the dragons eat their foes for breakfast with a nice cup of Lapsang souchong, someone needs to tell their bits of overlapping narrative. There's magic in that. It's in the listener, and for each and every ear it will be different, and it will effect them in ways they can never predict.”
“When you focus on the good, the good gets better.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!”
“Wizards are always hungry.”
“The smile on a child's face is the most priceless thing in the world. Never let the child inside of you die, and make sure to look after it whenever it needs something. You would improve everything if you had a kinder heart. Happy Children's Day!”
“I have been driven to desperation more times than I can count. But it is here that I have been driven to the greatest inspiration that I can contain.”
“Our differences are special. They're our gifts to be shared. They shouldn't be shameful or a reason to be scared. Of everything you could be and everything you do, the greatest thing of all, Henri, is simply to be you.”
“For what it's worth, I think happiness is a fleeting condition, not a permanent state of goddamn mind. I've learned that if you chase after moments of bliss here and there, sometimes those moments will sustain you through the shit.”
“It's a New Year New Goals New Aspiration New Affirmations I'm motivated I'm Driven”
“Mistakes are not bad; excuses are.”
“The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.”
“We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.”
“Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.”
“Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude even than by mental capabilities.”
“Trying to live up to yourself is the most trying thing.”
“I dont just have to be perfect I have to be me”
“Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.”
“Let go of the past, wash away your pain, anger, and hatred, and emerge refreshed, renewed, and pure like the waterfall.”
“I have to be a nobody; in order to bless the world with my music, my music; it is my gifts to this world. -Great MillYentei D.Y”
“Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
“The clay doesn't know what temperature it needs to be fired to; that is the potter's job. We don't know what kinds of trials we need to undergo to become the person God wants us to be, but He does!”
“The creative strength is good enough and deep enough to bring itself to flower and to grow in spite of this sickness.”
“In the end, we have to understand that being progressive means that you are leading from the front, not pushing from the back. You cannot worry about what people say and do if you truly want to make a real impact. You may never see your impact directly, but if you fight to make it happen you will have a chance at success.”
“May you find the courage to rise above any circumstance.”
“Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.”
“We are all from small towns. But we dream big!”
“Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today.”
“But what if Shakespeareand Hamletwere asking the wrong question? What if the real question is not whether to be, but how to be?”
“Look forward to the future you desire and not backward at the past you did not want to have.”
“If I don't eat junk, I don't gain weight.”
“Suffering is power.”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself…”
“To pray to seek to be in God's presence.”
“Maybe your country is only a place you make up in your own mind. Something you dream about and sing about. Maybe it's not a place on the map at all, but just a story full of people you meet and places you visit, full of books and films you've been to. I'm not afraid of being homesick and having no language to live in. I don't have to be like anyone else. I'm walking on the wall and nobody can stop me.”
“The truth may upset you for a night, but you will never need a sleeping pill thereafter, so guess what I will always do? ~ Peter Ojo”
“So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.”
“Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”
“You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.”
“Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.” "Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.”
“Moments of life become a magical storyline when you take the stance of dance.”
“Working for your dreams always makes you feel like you're not working at all”
“Defiance and acceptance come together well in the following principle: There is always a countermove, always an escape of way through, so there is now reason to get worked up. No one said it would be easy and, of course, the stakes are high, but the path is there for those ready to take it.”
“My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.”
“Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.”
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
“Long before we even lose our lives, we lose our souls. Tragic but true. Some carry on—willing to make the sacrifices, putting what is perceived as important before anything else. Some tread into the dark—wasting moments of grace, letting themselves suffer from their own decisions or the other’s domination. Some continue to love, give too much, and not leave even a little love for themselves.”
“Blindness separates people from things; deafness separates people from people.”
“The journey of life is not about arriving at a destination, but about discovering the beauty and meaning along the way.”
“Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.”
“You help yourself when helping another; continue to serve; you shall soon receive the glory you deserve, and all your blessings, which have been in reserve.”
“I wanted feeling to guide us in life, and not life to be the guide to feeling.”
“Get Inspired, Be inspiring”
“If you are too busy to pray, you are busier than God wants you to be.”
“The only business I pride myself in minding are the ones that put money in my pocket. If it doesn't put money in my pocket it's non of my Businesses.”
“Life's great happiness is to be convinced we are loved.”
“Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall trouble or hardship or persecution or famine or nakedness or danger or sword? 36 As it is written: "For your sake we face death all day long; we are considered as sheep to be slaughtered." 37 No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. 38 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, 39 neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.”
“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
“Don't judge your success by what people think of you. You are your own success.Your determination and perserverence is what matters.”
“Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.”
“To be distracted by the agendas or opinions of others is to keep us at a distance from our dreams.”
“People live miserably without loving well and people love miserably without living well.”
“Life moves on, whether we act as cowards or heroes. Life has no other discipline to impose, if we would but realize it, than to accept life unquestioningly. Everything we shut our eyes to, everything we run away from, everything we deny, denigrate or despise, serves to defeat us in the end. What seems nasty, painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength, if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such”
“Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.”
“Heart-flow means listening to your intuition and hunches and following your heart. How can you let your heart lead today?”
“But I think there's something inside of us, something that blooms in us in adolescence and never leaves and it's just *want*. [ ] Some people work to minimize it with mindfulness and meditation; some people let it grow and run free and take over their lives. But some people, and I consider myself one of them, study their want, refine it, and build an engine that burns it. Even if their want pushes all in one direction, they can tack against it like a sailboat, getting somewhere better than where they *wanted* to be.”
“A dead end is the sunrise of new opportunities”
“He was talking about the sign that said 'THE COMPLICATED FUTILITY OF IGNORANCE.' 'All knew was that I didn't want my daughter or anybody's child to see a message that negative every time she comes into the library,' he said. 'And then I found out it was you who was responsible for it.' 'What's so negative about it?' I said. 'What could be a more negative word than "futility"?' he said. '"Ignorance,"' I said.”
“Time is limited and everything else is unlimited, achieving the unlimited in the limited is the real success”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.”
“Why sadness was created? So we could rest from laughing.”
“A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.”
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“you must be careful never to allow doubt to paralyze you. always take the decisions you need to take, even if you're not sure you're doing the right thing. You'll never go wrong if, when you make a decision, you keep in mind an old German proverb: 'The devil is in the detail.' Remember that proverb and you'll always be able to turn a wrong decision into a right one.”
“I have been swimming inward and no longer drowning; I have been seeking the answers within myself.”
“It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all”
“We can’t simultaneously think of two things.”
“The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.”
“The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.”
“There's more to life than love.”
“Thou must gather thine own sunshine.”
“No one motivates like a mentor.”
“Belief, like fear or love, is a force to be understood as we understand the theory of relativity and principals of uncertainty. Phenomena that determine the course of our lives. Yesterday, my life was headed in one direction. Today, it is headed in another. Yesterday, I believe I would never have done what I did today. These forces that often remake time and space, that can shape and alter who we imagine ourselves to be, begin long before we are born and continue after we perish. Our lives and our choices, like quantum trajectories, are understood moment to moment. That each point of intersection, each encounter, suggest a new potential direction. Proposition, I have fallen in love with Luisa Rey. Is this possible? I just met her and yet, I feel like something important has happened to me.”
“Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.”
“Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.”
“It's not about the obstacles but your discipline to stay focused on your goal till you win.”
“Sometimes nothing happens for centuries; sometime so much happens in a few seconds.Sometimes nothing changes all your life; sometimes one moment changes your whole existence.Sometimes a lifetime of love fails to suffice; sometimes just a word is enough ! -Emit Eht”
“Be like the flower that gives its fragrance to even the hand that crushes it.”
“Believe that life is taking you down a wonderful path!”
“I don't dream at night, I dream at day, I dream all day; I'm dreaming for living.”
“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
“Be noble like the sun; let even those who resent you for shinning benefit from your warmth.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.”
“Failure is not when you fail once, but when you refuse to learn from your mistake.”
“When I was a boy of seven or eight I read a novel untitled "Abafi" — The Son of Aba — a Servian translation from the Hungarian of Josika, a writer of renown. The lessons it teaches are much like those of "Ben Hur," and in this respect it might be viewed as anticipatory of the work of Wallace. The possibilities of will-power and self-control appealed tremendously to my vivid imagination, and I began to discipline myself. Had I a sweet cake or a juicy apple which I was dying to eat I would give it to another boy and go through the tortures of Tantalus, pained but satisfied. Had I some difficult task before me which was exhausting I would attack it again and again until it was done. So I practiced day by day from morning till night. At first it called for a vigorous mental effort directed against disposition and desire, but as years went by the conflict lessened and finally my will and wish became identical.”
“Life is good, but sometimes you can go through bad times. When bad times show up in your path, choose to remain good to others.”
“Don't be pressured by the society, because no matter what you do, you won't be perfect. Why not just be yourself.”
“Losing faith in progress and skipping days only slows the progress of growth.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Realize this – your anger with God does not drive a wedge between you and Him. It is your silence that drives the wedge. - Prodigal Life”
“You can't keep dancing with the devil and ask why you're still in hell.”
“The pain you feel Today will build you into a better person Tomorrow. Don't breakdown when you face any challenge in life, it will pass.”
“Women belong in all places where decisions are being made. It shouldn't be that women are the exception.”
“Wherever the art of Medicine is loved, there is also a love of Humanity. ”
“You don't have the right to complain about your life if you're not willing to change it”
“Take your time. Stay away from the easy going. Never take the same way twice. Gunny Arndt's rules for successful reconnaissance; Guadalcanal 1942”
“To love is to be brave. To love is to operate in your natural state.”
“What difference do it make if the thing you scared of is real or not?”
“While we do not choose the circumstances of birth, we have the power to choose our destiny by building a unique and compelling personal brand to enhance our value and change the trajectory of our success.”
“I was in awe at how many people told me that they needed to hear those words. Everytime I feel I want to give up writing and performing, I find new meaning. The poem "I Love Me" is about self acceptance, awareness, respect, care, healing and discovery of self. Look in the mirror today & say I Love Me . and mean it. Self Love is a celebration because you are the only one doing the validating.”
“Focus on one thing and be blind for everything else so that the whole world can see you shining.”
“I believe that what we get out of life is what we've set ourselves up to get, so there's no such thing as an inconsequential decision. Our destinies are the culmination of all the choices we've made along the way, which is why it's imperative to listen hard to your inner voice when it speaks up. Don't let anyone else's noise drown it out.”
“I have so much love to give because I love myself so much.”
“The book was turned to the page with Anne Frank's name, but what got me about it was the fact that right beneath her name there were four Aron Franks. FOUR. Four Aron Franks without museums, without historical markers, without anyone to mourn them. I silently resolved to remember and pray for the four Aron Franks as long as I was around.”
“Help" is a prayer that is always answered. It doesn't matter how you pray--with your head bowed in silence, or crying out in grief, or dancing. Churches are good for prayer, but so are garages and cars and mountains and showers and dance floors. Years ago I wrote an essay that began, "Some people think that God is in the details, but I have come to believe that God is in the bathroom.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“If you are critical about the flaws of others, then make sure you are not blind of your own.”
“It takes strength to let go of the past, but the power to forget it brings true liberation.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.”
“This is the story of how Dad lived with his lung cancer. But it is much more. Through his illness and the miracles we experienced, I came to see that Dad's was not just a journey. It was a journey home. Home to God. ”
“Avoid is the only thing which helps to regain yourselves”
“Extend your hand to those who express Gratitude not Attitude.”
“You may be disfigured, may be traumatized, may be depressed, may be bitter, but there is hope in every situation, there is power inside of you, there is resilience inside of you, there is open space where you can jump and rejoice. Your mind is waiting to forgive and let go of all injustices, all hurts, all traumas. To top it off, you are the absolute commander of your mind, and it's waiting for your commands.”
“Hold on; carry on; troubles shall disappear when you dance to your favorite tune.”
“Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.”
“Social and Spiritual Entrepreneurship is the Future of Entrepreneurship.”
“Life is grateful for those who have the courage to change, And if you have courage, and do things with love and a little daring, you will see that it is possible to make even the sweetest of dreams come true.”
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”
“Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.”
“Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.”
“There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.”
“Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!”
“Any new life skill is worthy learning as you do not have an idea when it will make a big difference.”
“I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots. I believe that this life is not all; neither the beginning nor the end. I believe while I tremble; I trust while I weep.”
“Other people are only aspects of our own greater being.”
“Work is a blessing. God has so arranged the world that work is necessary, and He gives us hands and strength to do it. The enjoyment of leisure would be nothing if we had only leisure. It is the joy of work well done that enables us to enjoy rest, just as it is the experiences of hunger and thirst that make food and drink such pleasures.”
“And every time I've set out to meet life, I've met and embraced death. I've collected all my skeletons and bones from each of those moments and have stored them inside the closet that I own. The bones that the death wouldn't touch. And I guess now I have enough of them with me to build a bridge to the paradise in which life lives.”
“Don't have HOPE that the situation will be better. Have HOPE that your savior will be nearer.”
“Non-fiction can distort; facts can be realigned. But fiction never lies.”
“Consistency is when you practise your discipline”
“As our energy levels drop, our comfort zones become smaller”
“Only a man who knows what he's missing can appreciate what makes him complete.”
“Love is more about what you are willing to give and receive. If your MARRIAGE is based on love alone, you may become HELPLESS. Marriage should be based on a partnership that empowers both, and LOVE becomes a GIVEN.”
“A thousand words leave not the same deep impression as does a single deed.”
“Just go with it', he thought. 'You won't figure out anything if you give in to fear'.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!”
“For a moment everything was clear, and when that happens you see that the world is barely there at all. Don't we all secretly know this? It's a perfectly balanced mechanism of shouts and echoes pretending to be wheels and cogs, a dreamclock chiming beneath a mystery-glass we call life. Behind it? Below it and around it? Chaos, storms. Men with hammers, men with knives, men with guns. Women who twist what they cannot dominate and belittle what they cannot understand. A universe of horror and loss surrounding a single lighted stage where mortals dance in defiance of the dark.”
“I can be both nice and bad, you get the side you deserve.”
“Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.”
“I didn’t know exactly what would come next—lately, I’d allowed myself to imagine running a dance company of my own, composed entirely of women. The idea was terrifying, exhilarating, transfixing. I knew now, finally, that those feelings were hard to come by. You had to pay attention when they showed up.”
“I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone…”
“If we knew what we do not know, then we most probably would not fear it.”
“The works of a significant woman remind the world about the significance of her existence.”
“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
“I am content, relaxed, creating, and focused on watering my own garden.”
“You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.”
“I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.”
“Your success cannot lie in something so tedious as whether you’re liked.”
“Even a king must submit to great art.”
“There is no human right to sin, nor is there any freedom for immorality.”
“Contradictory little pieces of truth are a fact of life. But when we are willing to embrace and piece them together, we instantly discern them as different perspectives of the same enduring wisdom.”
“No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.”
“And life is a good thing for a writer. It's where we get our raw material, for a start. We quite like to stop and watch it.”
“Kindness and caring are ambrosia for the soul.”
“The first step toward new experiences is to understand the ‘holding patterns’ within your life. Do not uphold habits for the sake of habits.”
“Even when muddy your wings sparkle bright wonders that heal broken worlds.”
“I am a broken person. And I know exactly where my cracks are and how deep they run. I don't pretend to not be a broken person and therein lies the big difference. Because the truth is, we are all broken in places, but it is those who know exactly where and how they are broken, who also know exactly where and how they are whole! And we may not be whole in all places and in all ways, but we take whatever wholeness that we do have, and we make good of it. And we try hard to work on the broken parts, and we ask for help when we need it.”
“No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”
“When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”
“The legacy we leave behind is not measured by our wealth but by how well we have nurtured and protected our environment.”
“Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation.”
“You cut me into pieces millions of times in millions of years, I will rebuild West Papua with these pieces a million times over again.”
“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
“Regular practice, consistency and self-confidence can only help you becoming a great player.”
“The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.”
“Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.”
“Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE !”
“The less you reveal, the more people can wonder.”
“Just being on the right track isn't enough to guarantee success. You must keep moving forward and taking action, or you'll get left behind.”
“An inspirational woman may not have much, but whatever she does inspires others.”
“Life is easy, but sometimes people complicate it by trying to complicate the lives of others.”
“If it makes you nervous, you’re doing it right.”
“Be careful of people who have no regard for the sensual life. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“Adversity is the wind beneath your wings, propelling you higher than you ever imagined. Accept the storm as the catalyst for your ascension.”
“Tomorrow is another opportunity to improve yourself”
“How will you start performing self-love as a habit in your daily life?”
“Use the strutegy of matching as I'm continue with beauty makeover or make up if you prepare yourself for some event the way you look must match the event that you going to exemple if you going to the church the way you look must tell or night event us shine color to intertain the moment or match the event and time cause the way you look explain you and avoid the issue of gossiping about you or being one off in that crowd.”
“It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous”
“Embrace what life gives you, for even the unexpected can hold hidden blessings and opportunities.”
“Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.”
“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”
“Train your mind to see the good in everything.”
“Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.”
“Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.”
“If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.”
“Some people say they will not believe in anything they can't see. What a catastrophe to not have any faith at all! You live only less than a half of life, if you will only believe in the things that you can see. Life is lived by those who have much faith and believe in many unseen things. If you believe in nothing that you cannot see, think about how much there is that you choose to turn your face away from! You can't see your soul and you cannot prove that it exists, therefore if you call yourself one who believes in nothing unseen, then you will forever deny your soul its existence, for the existence of the soul dwells in love, trust, anger, passion, faith, belief, strength; the soul is forever nourished by things that are unseen! And so we have too many empty bodies walking around! Bodies with souls inside that are half-dead and dying.”
“In my 12th / Intermediate Level in Ravenshaw College, I read the novel "Train to Pakistan" by the great writer Khushwant Singh. I read the struggles and sadness of the people from both sides of the border in the partition that happened in 1947. I am poet and I only believe in love and peace. We the homo sapiens are capable of great things, but let us not get narrow minded and hate each other. Our world needs more loving hearts.”
“There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?”
“Failure is when you give up. A real winner is someone that doesn't give up, even when it feels like they are losing.”
“Greatness and nearsightedness are incompatible. Meaningful achievement depends on lifting one's sights and pushing toward the horizon.”
“Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me  Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
“There is no such thing as a child who hates to read; there are only children who have not found the right book.”
“ Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.”
“I have a picture of the Pont Neuf on a wall in my apartment, but i know that Paris is really on the closet shelf, in the box next to the sleeping bag, with the rest of my diaries.”
“There is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with dancing steps.”
“Great leaders understand that it is impossible to compartmentalize elements of life, so they create opportunities for people to grow in every area.”
“In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.”
“We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.”
“Emotions are like muscles. Most of them go highly unattended, it's usually the weaker, undefined ones that cause injury to the rest, and there is most certainly memory response in play.”
“Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.”
“To save all we must risk all.”
“Don't trust on anyone except yourselves”
“All great achievements require time.”
“Dance is the language that all souls speak, connecting them as one humanity.”
“Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.”
“The LORD was with them, there was no misery nor misfortune.”
“Think it. Write it. Sell it.”
“You have to find your own shtick. A Picasso always looks like Picasso painted it. Hemingway always sounds like Hemingway. A Beethoven symphony always sounds like a Beethoven symphony. Part of being a master is learning how to sing in nobody else's voice but your own.”
“If you are not working for your dreams today, make sure you are working for something better than your dreams”
“The best time to save our environment and secure our future is today, for tomorrow may be too late.”
“Just imagine, life to be a dance with different kind of rhythms depending on what music is playing in the background. Sometimes we may dance alone and that’s OK, as some songs are simply meant to be danced like that. Practice! Don’t stop! It’s your dance! ”
“The graveyard is the richest place on earth, because it is here that you will find all the hopes and dreams that were never fulfilled, the books that were never written, the songs that were never sung, the inventions that were never shared, the cures that were never discovered, all because someone was too afraid to take that first step, keep with the problem, or determined to carry out their dream.”
“To write is to re-create something as you'd like it to be.”
“Children move stones with their feet. Men move rocks with their hands. Women move mountains with their hearts.”
“With a narrow and open focus of altered states, many impossibles of yesterday have become possibles of today. Many technological and scientific inventions, innovations, and mathematical equations are products of altered states of mind.”
“Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.”
“Before you wake up, your seriousness that never lets you sleep peacefully, starts building up your strengths with your efforts after you wake up.”
“Dreaming is the fuel in the car of dedication!”
“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
“Who are you? You are your aim. You are a seeker of whatever you seek.”
“You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.”
“The Moon and the Stars Shine  Even when, the Clouds hide the Sunbeams ”
“I embrace and celebrate the color of my skin. Why should I reject the skin color that reflects the work my ancestors did tending to their harvests, creating homes for their families and protecting their lands?”
“The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.”
“Pressure from society and our guardians might prompt us to set our aspirations aside in favor of a path that is not our own.”
“For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.”
“fight for what you believe in, for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”
“Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.”
“Despite an overwhelming assertion of self-knowledge, we will find ourselves cyclically falling victim to our own devices.”
“People just read about time management and think about time management but execution is a completely different experience that I can't describe in words”
“Acceptance makes an incredible fertile soil for the seeds of change.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“The darkness of the night does not mean that there is no sun in this universe; Sadness does not mean that there is no happiness in your life: Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“How we relate with other people is dependent on how we rate ourselves and what we think about ourselves.”
“Try it before you doubt it, because it might just be for you”
“From what we get, we can make a living. What we give; however, makes a life.”
“Times will change for the better when you change.”
“A man on fire is a man of faith.”
“F*** these men who don’t think we’re beautiful, because there are men who love us big babies!”
“Take each day in your open palms and close your fists around it. This life is not done with you yet.”
“To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.”
“It’s important to focus on healing, not fighting, battling, or conquering. The language we use creates our reality”
“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
“Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.”
“People who believe they have bad luck create bad luck. Those who believe they are very fortunate, that the world is a generous place filled with trustworthy people, live in exactly that kind of world.”
“A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid. ”
“I wanted to thank you," I said. She wrinkled her nose and squinted like I'd said something funny. "Thank me for what?" she said. "You give me strength I didn't know I had,"; I said. "You make me better.”
“Do you really want to be happy? You can begin by being appreciative of who you are and what you've got.”
“Writing is the thing that props me up.”
“The penalty for procrastination is the loss of hopes and dreams.”
“I know it is hard for you young mothers to believe that almost before you can turn around the children will be gone and you will be alone with your husband. You had better be sure you are developing the kind of love and friendship that will be delightful and enduring. Let the children learn from your attitude that he is important. Encourage him. Be kind. It is a rough world, and he, like everyone else, is fighting to survive. Be cheerful. Don't be a whiner.”
“It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.”
“No one in this world can change your habits, but only you can .. so, MOst powerfull person of this world is you..!   .keep that in your mind!”
“Revenge can feel so good in the moment, but the price is often long-term pain. To be wise is to always be alert to the perils of chasing instant blissful feelings that come from getting even with someone.”
“No boat moves an inch if the sailor has not will to paddle.”
“If you're early, you're on time. If you're on time, you're late.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“Not giving up is like continuous practice ꓽ you get better in the end.”
“A changed soul, a forgiven heart, a journey of transformation.”
“If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“Inspirations never go in for long engagements; they demand immediate marriage to action.”
“We may become so entangled in our web of pressures and expectations that we may forget the role we play in dictating how we feel on any given day.”
“If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.”
“No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it”
“The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.”
“Let today be the day that you become committed in being, in doing, in getting, achieving, in experiencing. Let today be the day that you are committed to being the change you wish to see and living the life you wish to live.”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“The realisation has to come from within you. That’s how it becomes self-realisation. So does motivation.”
“The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.”
“Why Not You? Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you? Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you? Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you? Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you? Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you? Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you? Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you? Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you? Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you? Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you? Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you? Today is a new day! Many will seize this day. Many will live it to the fullest. Why not you?”
“Be grateful for pain. Don’t ignore it or deny it. Don’t anesthetize yourself from it. Swallow it and make it a part of you.”
“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
“There is no shortcut to success - it takes hard work and dedication but with perseverance, you can become a leader who draws in quality people.”
“Wrong will be right, when Aslan comes in sight, At the sound of his roar, sorrows will be no more, When he bares his teeth, winter meets its death, And when he shakes his mane, we shall have spring again.”
“Not only are we all unique, we're also all connected. Therefore, it makes no sense that you could ever be rejected.”
“Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.”
“If you're not prepared enough to face criticism from every single person you meet, then entrepreneurship isn't for you”
“Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and transformation.”
“I have learned only one thing by using my emotions and that is not to use emotions at all”
“You are an Universe of Universes and your soul a source of songs.”
“You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.”
“When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.”
“Do you want to make a change? Do you want this change? Then let's move at God`s pace.”
“This first glance of a soul which does not yet know itself is like dawn in the heavens; it is the awakening of something radiant and unknown.”
“Anyone can smile on their best day. I like to meet a man who can smile on his WORST.”
“Success is not a question of how much power or money you have acquired. It is a question of how satisfied you are with WHO YOU ARE.”
“6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break: 1. Stop stressing 2. Stop worrying 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down 4. Lighten up 5. Forgive yourself 6. Forgive others”
“Sometimes we tolerate unacceptable behavior from others because we don't know we deserve better.”
“The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.”
“The road to success is always under construction.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“You want change? You have to BE the change. You have to widen the range. Your ideas have to be original and strange!”
“There is no reason to be alive if you can't do deadlift.”
“May today there be peace within. May you trust God that you are exactly where you are meant to be. May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith. May you use those gifts that you have received, and pass on the love that has been given to you. May you be content knowing you are a child of God. Let this presence settle into your bones, and allow your soul the freedom to sing, dance, praise and love. It is there for each and every one of us.”
“In times of profound silence, we find the stillness to hear our inner voice and the strength to heed it.”
“WALKING IS GOOD FOR YOUR SOUL!”
“Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game the I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do . If I lose. I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.”
“The Legend of the Firefish,first in the Trophy Chase Trilogy by George Bryan Polivka, is a winner .filled with action,adventure, danger, intrigue,surprise,suspense .The characters Polivka created are fresh and interesting .A must read for fantasy lovers, and a highly recommended drating for others who want a good story. Rebecca LuElla Miller A Christian Worldview of Fiction Website”
“I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.”
“The realisation that limitations are imaginary will make you strong and overpowering.”
“You kick ass Sam. And don't forget it”
“Reminds us that greatness lies even in the smallest of moments, in the humblest of hearts, and we shall, each of us, be called to greatness. Whether we shall rise to meet it or let it slip away is the challenge put before us all.”
“I guess I came up from a middle class background  more or less. Get through school, find a job you can tolerate, do your work. Don't rock the boat. But then I watched that Jack Canfield movie. And he said I can have anything. ANYTHING! Just put it on the vision board. Ask, believe, receive. I started to drink in college, and eventually it was time to join AA. They told me about a loving, powerful God. Well that's even better. At some point I started looking for this Higher power, and started tuning into Joel Osteen. Explosive Blessings! Wow. Now my expectations are REALLY high. Once in a while some asshole says something about getting a job, and I tell the fucker to go back to China. "Get a job" is not in the 12 steps. Fuck off.”
“Why would we want to pursue something that may only bring us inner turmoil?”
“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.”
“This is the new year the new you. You can pass through another year, coasting on cruise control. Or you can step out of your comfort zone, trying things you have never done before, & make 2012 as the year that you elevate from where you are & soar high. Make it happen!”
“What is your strategy to find comfort in times when the pressure of life becomes too overbearing?”
“Be careful of people who have no regard to their sensual life. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet. Make all your friends feel there is something special in them. Look at the sunny side of everything. Think only the best, be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. Give everyone a smile. Spend so much time improving yourself that you have no time left to criticize others. Be too big for worry and too noble for anger.”
“Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.”
“Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.”
“Am I meant for this? Or am I just doing it anyway? Or is the Venn diagram of the people who are “meant for” their circumstances and the people who “do it anyway” just a big circle?”
“Make what's missing. If you are watching a movie and griping, 'why didn't they do this?'. Well, it sounds like you have some writing to do.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Circumstances vary; self-kindness does not. It is a constant.”
“What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.”
“Sometimes you just have to jump out the window and grow wings on the way down.”
“Passion is not a reaction to an external event. It is the left over emotions from the internal battles you have won that propels you forward.”
“You create and define your own reality. You have more choice than what you have been taught.”
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. Your really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.”
“You can t coast uphill.”
“Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art . It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.”
“I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.”
“Life isn’t about finding yourself; it’s about creating yourself and embracing the journey of self-discovery.”
“when we’re experiencing difficulties it’s also important to remember that the struggles won’t last forever and that the goals we set mattered to us for a reason.”
“But God decided to create a world where free will was more important than no one ever getting hurt. There must be something stunningly beautiful and remarkable about free will that only God can truly grasp, because God hates, literally abhors, evil, yet He created a world where evil could happen if people chose it.”
“When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.”
“If you do not chase your dreams, you shall exist to fulfill the dreams of others.”
“Dreams are what keep us growing. They are what keep us alive. To give up, is to let our dreams die.”
“The more you practice admitting the rawness of your emotions, the easier your heart will feel. And the clearer your life will be.”
“Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.”
“Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
“You honor yourself by acting with dignity and composure.”
“Feeling guilty does not set us free. Being equipped sets us free.”
“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible. I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”
“Credits thrive where work strives”
“I'm not happy when I'm writing, but I'm more unhappy when I'm not.”
“No matter your age, time, or place, the connection with dance will always remain.”
“A caring woman is a loving person, because she knows that love has the power to heal the world.”
“You know what? the secret about all of these is the hard journey of life have graudute of growth beyond. The thing is, it help to allow it and it make things easier by preventing delay of process the faster you learn is quicker to be promoted yes no one knows how to prosper in it as we didnt knew how we cought in it the wise thing is to use that statement, ride the car of believe. What if I tell you that the one who started the work will finished it?that what bible says, remember God is Alfa and Omega (Beginning and End) his whom I'm telling you about, hope I'm not confusing you about this.”
“You are the only you God made  God made you and broke the mold.”
“Live your life as a curious student and you will discover how fascinating it is.”
“Like a shepherd and sheep, its principle is simple, redirection towards the obligatory path, and speaking of Ozcan, he is the most proficient in this game. Watch the professionals do it in the reorientation of functional organizations. There is no need to recruit them all, it is enough for them to do what a shepherd does with a flock of sheep; blocking the roads in front of them, putting a dog in one place, standing and waving his stick in another place, to force them to take the path he wants, towards the barn. And if you spoke to one of them, it would swear to you that it is going the way it wants, which it chose with its full will, or chosen for them by their leader at the forefront of the herd, who knows the secrets of the ways, believing that they go the way they want. He decided that he should play the game according to its laws since they are sheep, so do not try to address them or convince them, but rather direct them to where you want. He did not know anything about deterministic algorithms at the time, his decision was based on his innate, something inside him. He succeeded, however, by making a butterfly flutter, far away. Some straying out of the Shepherd’s path, then another artificial flutter associated with the first to accelerate the process, and then a third, and a fourth, then the chaos ensued, and the hurricanes blew up all the inevitable of Alpha Headquarters. A butterfly fluttered where no one was watching, he studied and planned it carefully. Words by a revolutionary Palestinian poet, Mahmoud Darwish, summarized the whole story… Throw a stone into the stagnant water, rivers will break out Ring your bells in the kingdom of silence and sing your anthem And let the wall of fear break into dust like pottery”
“The storm is what they threw at me, the hurricane is what I became.”
“Self-respect will always light a way forward.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“You can pray wherever you are; God hears every prayer.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage, and completing it in the right lane.”
“Living becomes easier when one understands the importance of those things and relationships that are most valuable to one's life.”
“A gigantic tree begins with an invisible seed.”
“What else ignites the blaze of miracles but the flame of dance?”
“Be a victor, not a victim of your situation.”
“The hardest part of being kind is knowing that it will attract hate.”
“Dear me, one day I'll make you proud.”
“The choices we make today will either haunt or empower the future; let wisdom guide our actions for the sake of our planet.”
“All thinking men are atheists.”
“Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.”
“After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn’t it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked—as I am surprisingly often—why I bother to get up in the mornings.”
“Never run from the truth. It is always there; it never changes – save your energy.”
“If tragedy never entered our lives, we wouldn't appreciate the magic.”
“Lord, grant me the strength to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.”
“It ends when you're ready for a new beginning.”
“To the stimulus of responsibility, one's immediate response may, unexpectedly be, fear. Yet, fear imparts a strong reason for progress. Had it not been for mankind's fear of darkness and ignorance, our world shall never have been encased in light and knowledge, as it is today.”
“Love yourself, even a little bit each day, and your life will bloom into infinite joy.”
“Seeing my book mentioned in different interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted. Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It is never too late.”
“Color, type, and metirial doesn't matter babe you can Rock it with style.”
“He/She: "I don't wanna give up on my dream, but it seems so hard to go through anxieties on a regular basis. And, then some insecurities and judgements add up to the misery." Me: "I wouldn't have come this far by giving up on my dream. I have gone through and still go through anxieties, failures, and setbacks. But I have never given up my struggle to achieve my dream in life.”
“But if I am going to paint my own future, then I can't have have people-pleasing on my paint palette. It only muddles the rest of the colors.”
“This is not the haze that has clouded your eyes for the first time neither it is the fog that will mystify you for the last  .for a thirst so fierce dries your lips .for a mouthful of melodies .the thirst that overpowers every loss .like the honey that smoothens the sharpest of edges .so your lips can live with songs and not scars ..so dawn will show unannounced in the thickest of dark .so you will heal as you kiss your wounds .as you pick up what is left of the broken promises .and wishes that remain unfulfilled ..so you will press those pieces like roses between the pages .and every tear will turn to a sonnet so in the dark . if you collapse into a powerlessness you will still remain ..with lips full of lyrics ..”
“If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.”
“Try your best not to make people sad if you can't make them happy, because some people may be passing through tough time in life.”
“Sometimes inspiration comes from the most unlikely places.”
“If it so happens that it rains so badly in life, do not feel ashamed when you get wet. Life is like that. You cannot control everything that happens. There will be moments when you feel completely broken. Hang in there; do not allow the pain to make you feel helpless. One day, you will ride on the wings of greatness.”
“If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.”
“When it comes to taking care of yourself, don't play games! You are valuable, irreplaceable, and no one can take that away from you. Make sure you don't deprive yourself of your needs and wants-you deserve the same love and respect that you give to others.”
“Feel the feeling not felt before, express and allow it to come forth when dance is your mentor.”
“A woman of faith may fall many times, but she rises again and again as if she never fell at all.”
“Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.”
“A fish that is afraid of drowning in a river is ignorant of its gifts.”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“Setting out on a mission for physical fitness will not yield results after a single jog or a single trip to the gym. Results must compound with consistency and time.”
“Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.”
“A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it.”
“Yet, even amidst the hatred and carnage, life is still worth living. It is possible for wonderful encounters and beautiful things to exist.”
“It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.”
“One of the most scariest thing in life is when you come to the realization that the only thing that can save you is yourself”
“Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive.”
“The caged bird sings with a fearful trill, of things unknown, but longed for still, and his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.”
“Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“Seeing my book mentioned in various interviews and posts is an indescribable feeling. I’ll never take this love for granted. Whatever you’re creating right now, keep going. It’s never too late.”
“I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”
“When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.”
“Relationships are not difficult, people are.”
“Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.”
“In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.”
“The world around us will continue to turn, and our surrounding environment will forever play a role in influencing our lives.”
“What it means to be authentic: - to be more concerned with truth than opinions - to be sincere and not pretend - to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk" - to know who you are and to be that person - to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities - being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself - being awake to your own feelings - being free from others' opinions of you - accepting and loving yourself”
“Now he was proving it again. Each time was a new time and he never thought about the past when he was doing it.”
“How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.”
“The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.”
“It all starts with acknowledging a problem.”
“Be thankful for the rain during the times that you prayed for sunshine. Sometimes, it's not really the sun that we always need. Like a flower, we need a little rain for us to keep growing.”
“Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?”
“Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“If you do not believe you are disciplined, it is because you have not decided to become disciplined. Yet.”
“Life is unmanageable if you try to control stupidity other than your own.”
“Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!”
“Powerful breathing exercises help me realize good things will happen.”
“Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.”
“Our perceptions are influenced by our surroundings.”
“shit´s already broken so you might as well just try to fix it, and if you can´t at least know you know how to take it apart”
“Obstacles are commonplace; anyone striving for success will inevitably face them; however, if you remain steadfast, you will ultimately be triumphant.”
“Parallel your life journey in such a way that no one can intersect your life line at any point to break your balance that disturbes the position you have created in the society”
“When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.”
“Your Children will See What You're All About by What you Live rather than What you Say.”
“Do not grieve! Everything you lose eventually comes back to you in some other way.”
“INK Everything we know The things that haunt us in our sleep The scars, The joy, The sweat, The tears Is just a bit of ink.”
“Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness. To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable.”
“Languages connect us and break down barriers when we unite to nurture the best in us and help each other succeed. Happy International Mother Language Day!”
“The type of belief in myself I had to have was met with a childlike naivety. At age twenty, I was too dumb to know that I had a snowball’s chance in hell of succeeding, but I believed in myself enough to try. I knew that if I didn’t act, there was a 100 percent chance I wouldn’t find success.”
“Doing the right thing is not a matter of convenience; it reflects your values and integrity.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“When you have done your homework and hard work then let God work on you so you become successful.”
“If you can’t crawl, roll. If you can't roll then get that tummy time in.  This is the story of the stages of development and how children need caring grown ups to nurture our babies so they grow into their fullest potential.”
“Life is moving much too fast. I think I can’t catch up with it. A little bird flew out of nowhere and sat calmly on my shoulder. No worries, I’m not afraid of being left out now. I’ll never chase life. Instead, I’ll try to see, understand and enjoy life as much as I can. Little bird, you opened my eyes.”
“When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.”
“Everything that we going through in life we didn't ask for it,yes sometimes it may look like we asked it through our confusing deeds but it meant to be remember all things works to be good cause everything created to worship God's name that means no mistakes, late or early there're reasons of things that heppens to you, may not have answers of it sametime but along the way you'll get it.Now stop condeming yourself or judge each other tell us where you coming from with your experience so that you can save others and learn on in it as i did.”
“Never waste any amount of time doing anything important when there is a sunset outside that you should be sitting under!”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times and carving new paths.”
“Inside us, there is a part of every nation, every religion, every culture, every tradition and every language. We are the world.”
“I’ve learnt only one thing in my life- Never to let the quest culminate At the railing of the skies- There’s a world beyond!”
“Words go beyond the human imagination - it grips and roots themselves into your frequency which ultimately affects your energy.”
“It is incredibly important to remain receptive to the meandering flow of time.”
“You don't have to be extreme, just consistent”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“One should be revitalized and reborn at every beat and with each new breath.”
“We need four things to survive life: bread, water, oxygen, and dreams!”
“Every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
“No one makes it to the "top" by themselves. Each step you take is guided by at least one person's blood, sweat and tears. Appreciate those who stand behind you as you rise. They are the only ones who will catch you if you fall. The ladder of success is steadiest when someone's there to support it.”
“Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself”
“Embrace the present moment, for it holds the power to shape your future.”
“Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we've touched.”
“Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.”
“If you accept working for 'peanuts' don't complain when you're treated like a monkey.”
“The boy and his heart had become friends, and neither was capable now of betraying the other.”
“With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.”
“What I didn’t realize then was that an upgraded version of my life would require an upgraded version of me.”
“The Impact of God without evidence is likened to Life without the Breath of God; for there is no impact without evidence.”
“If you think you have entrepreneurial mindset then you should quit your job and start hiring people for your startup.”
“Do the work with due diligence.”
“Life is full of unexpected turns and challenges, but don't let that stop you from becoming who you are truly meant to be. Push through any doubts or fears and unlock your hidden potential.”
“The world has enough women who know how to be smart. It needs women who are willing to be simple. The world has enough women who know how to be brilliant. It needs some who will be brave. The world has enough women who are popular. It needs more who are pure. We need women, and men, too, who would rather be morally right than socially correct.”
“You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.”
“Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.”
“Live for today, for there is only today”
“All humanity is one undivided and indivisible family. I cannot detach myself from the wickedest soul.”
“Success is sweet but to achieve success, it takes strong work ethics, continuous improvement, discipline and determination.”
“Your humans slaughter each other because of the color of your skin, or your faith or your plitics -- or for no reason at all -- too many of you hate as easily as you draw breath. - Magneto”
“An Archer must never lose focus. If the world bends Archer. It is in within in contemplation we soar the sky ~”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
“Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.”
“It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.”
“Most intelligent people fail because of their lack of desire to achieve something by using their intelligence.”
“Given the amount of spare time we might have for ourselves in a given week, it is all the more important that we are in complete alignment with what we enjoy in life.”
“It isn’t just the twitch of lips, but also a gleam in the eyes, that causes a pure smile to rise.”
“It gets better tomorrow.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“If someone is refusing you it doesn't mean you are on the wrong track or that you are offering some worthless opportunity, product or service, whenever that person understands what you were offering they will find you”
“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
“Slow or fast, each dance step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“The time to be happy is now. Time and life don't wait!”
“The reason you’ve been dragging your feet for so many years is most likely because your motivation to change is far less than the powerful force of inertia which is probably due to the comfort zone.”
“It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“Lacking future-set aspirations deprives us of a critical mechanism of motivation.”
“Don't plant a seed just a day before you need the fruit. ~ Aarush Kashyap”
“Attaining recognition is an individual journey; it cannot be bestowed upon us by others”
“I was given life to live.”
“People always ask me "Son what does it take To reach out and touch your dreams?" To them I always say Are you hungry? Are you thirsty? Is it a fire that burns you up inside? How bad do you want it? How bad do you need it? Are you eating, sleeping, dreaming With that one thing on your mind? How bad do you want it? How bad do you need it? Cause if you want it all You've got to lay it all out on the line”
“As I look back on my own life, I recognize this simple truth: The greatest opportunities were the scariest lions. Part of me has wanted to play it safe, but I’ve learned that taking no risks is the greatest risk of all.”
“When someone is telling you their story over and over again, they're trying to figure something out, processing aloud the jumble of emotions we carry, and then feeling witnessed and held in this way can be deeply therapeutic to our nervous system.”
“Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness.”
“Think of thinking.”
“I'm sure it is," she replied. Her expression turned fierce, making her look far different from the scattered teacher I knew. "But listen to me when I say this. You are exceptional, taleneted, and brilliant young woman. Do not ever let anyone make you feel like you're less. Do not ever let anyone make you feel invisible. Do not let anyone-not even a teacher who constantly sends you for coffee-push you around." She put her glasses back on and began randomly lifting up pieces of papers. At last, she found a pen and grinned triumphantly. "Now, then. What is your brother's name?”
“Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.”
“During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.”
“I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.”
“Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching”
“Listen within to find shining poetry and hear extraordinary music. You are a work of art.”
“If you look at nature closely, you will notice miracles all around you.”
“It is the road you take that decides your destiny and not your destiny that decides the road you take.”
“Being present to yourself in love and with kindness is the ultimate gift.”
“Simply go outside and have fun. The most abundant source of happiness is nature.”
“The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared so roundly to assert, that God spoke to them; and whether they did not think at the time, that they would be misunderstood, & so be the cause of imposition. Isaiah answer'd, I saw no God, nor heard any, in a finite organical perception; but my senses discover'd the infinite in every thing, and as I was then persuaded, & remain confirm'd; that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of God, I cared not for consequences but wrote.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.”
“You did the best you could, the best you knew how at the time." It was something like that. From Oprah on an Oprah show. Then I believe my quote above was from Maya Angelou on the Oprah show, not Oprah herself. I had heard it before but it was on Oprah's show again 1-7-09 and she said Maya had said it.”
“Give me a library and a good book and we will be friends for life.”
“The ability to stay calm and focused in the midst of change is what distinguishes great leaders from those just collecting a paycheck.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“Worry is one of life’s oldest scammers to avoid. No matter how wonderful a victim’s life was, worry will rob them of their bliss, and leave them feeling alarmed about dire scenarios that may never happen.”
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”
“Confidence takes precedence in her life, even when she is overwhelmed. She continues to live her life with so much resilience. She is a woman of confidence.”
“I don’t want anyone to hold back who they are. It’s not okay… it’s not a good thing”
“It was easier to ask for forgiveness than it was to get permission.”
“The trick is to keep trying until you find a way that produces real results for you. It’s never you who’s broken, but your current approach. Fix the approach, discard what doesn’t work, and you will be much more successful”
“Marriage is about sacrifices, the sacrifice to give and receive. Selflessness, Perseverance, Patience, Compromise &Forgiveness are embedded in making a good home. Both parties need to commit the above and more. Remember, "HIS WORD TWO SHALL BECOME ONE." ( Indeed hidden treasure).”
“Go and see for yourself. Trust your intuition. It will lead you to purpose and direction. Trust your path. Trust your process. Discover that everyone is wrong—including you!”
“What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?”
“I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I want to be, I am not what I hope to be in another world; but still I am not what I once used to be, and by the grace of God I am what I am”
“If you are not willing to take any possible risk to achieve your dreams then you are not made for your dreams”
“I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…”
“I know me God and I know you see my heart I ain't afraid, nothing will tear us apart”
“When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.”
“Remove the words “impossible” and “I can’t” from your vocabulary. These words have became too significant in your thought process. Remember that what can be conceived in the mind, can also be brought into reality.”
“Surrender all your problems to God, He is the only one that can make you truly happy without wanting anything in return.”
“I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.”
“I’ve had many enemies over the years. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s never engage in a fight you’re sure to lose. On the other hand, never let anyone who has insulted you get away with it. Bide your time and strike back when you’re in a position of strength—even if you no longer need to strike back.”
“Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.”
“The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.”
“You aren't able to manifest what you are not doing or becoming.”
“The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.”
“Am helped because I have hope in God, he is my Helper.”
“Sometimes life will require that you walk a million miles. Do it, no matter how hard it becomes. One day, you will look back and be proud that you were able to do that.”
“Believe in sudden shifts in life. You never know what is coming for you. -m.r-”
“For a few seconds, a thought creeps in. He could pull his GPS and end it. He could hit that button, and they would come to find him within an hour. That's the easy way out. While looking down, a tattoo slips out from under his sleeve. Not Done.”
“Concentrate more on your achievements than your failures. Learn to take the failures as opportunities to rectify your errors.”
“Our men think earning money and ordering around others is where power lies. They don't think power is in the hands of the woman who takes care of everyone all day long, and gives birth to their children.”
“The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.”
“Real self-care is stepping outside of caring about what others think is the real you. It’s ending the chase to be like so many others…and instead easing into all those things that you truly love and adore about you.”
“You must distinguish between a reality and mentality. You might find out that some of the problems or struggles don’t even exist. Your mind created them for you, and they are the ones blocking you from success. The way you see things or people might not be the reality. Might be your mind misleading you.You might be hating people for wrong reasons or no reasons at all. You might even change your life, character or lifestyle thinking you are this person, but to find out that you are not. The real enemy can be your mind not the people you think are of.”
“If multitasking is the solution for doing more in less time, then the human race is moving towards a time when we will attempt to finish items on our to-do list while we sleep.”
“When things go haywire, when challenges skyrocket, and when everything seems out of reach, that may be the right time to take a short pause and observe more deeply. Intense vigilance has tremendous power; increase your level of it. Perceive more. Observe more. Discern more. Your penetrating observations will lead you toward peace, success, and happiness.”
“Fear is inevitable, I have to accept that, but I cannot allow it to paralyze me.”
“When other people’s lives are flourishing but yours is not, do not give up. Not all flowers bloom at the same time. Like a flower that blooms in summer, you will flourish if you persevere during the dry seasons of life.”
“There is no such thing as a perfect person in this world. We all must become the main characters or the stars of our lives. We are all different and start differently. But from whatever is our circumstances, it is very important that we find the opportunities to try out what we want to do.”
“A burning desire to make your dreams come true can create possibilities to make your impossible dreams possible.”
“I could care less about clothes, money, or fame. I want to live by the sea. That’s the place where I can truly be me. I must have been a mermaid in a past life. Because the sea is the place where all my painful memories fade.”
“I find that those who have the most to lose are the most motivated”
“Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.”
“You should expect mistakes in your life. Mistakes are expected, Inspected, and respected.”
“Align yourself with people that you can learn from, people who want more out of life, people who are stretching and searching and seeking some higher ground in life.”
“All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.”
“The wish of death had been palpably hanging over this otherwise idyllic paradise for a good many years. All business and politics is personal in the Philippines. If it wasn't for the cheap beer and lovely girls one of us would spend an hour in this dump. They [Jehovah's Witnesses] get some kind of frequent flyer points for each person who signs on. I'm not lazy. I'm just motivationally challenged. I'm not fat. I just have lots of stored energy. You don't get it do you? What people think of you matters more than the reality. Marilyn. Despite standing firm at the final hurdle Marilyn was always ready to run the race. After answering the question the woman bent down behind the stand out of sight of all, and crossed herself. It is amazing what you can learn in prison. Merely through casual conversation Rick had acquired the fundamentals of embezzlement, fraud and armed hold up. He wondered at the price of honesty in a grey world whose half tones changed faster than the weather. The banality of truth somehow always surprises the news media before they tart it up. You've ridden jeepneys in peak hour. Where else can you feel up a fourteen-year-old schoolgirl without even trying? [Ralph Winton on the Philippines finer points] Life has no bottom. No matter how bad things are or how far one has sunk things can always get worse. You could call the Oval Office an information rain shadow. In the Philippines, a whole layer of criminals exists who consider that it is their right to rob you unhindered. If you thwart their wicked desires, to their way of thinking you have stolen from them and are evil. There's honest and dishonest corruption in this country. Don't enjoy it too much for it's what we love that usually kills us. The good guys don't always win wars but the winners always make sure that they go down in history as the good guys. The Philippines is like a woman. You love her and hate her at the same time. I never believed in all my born days that ideas of truth and justice were only pretty words to brighten a much darker and more ubiquitous reality. The girl was experiencing the first flushes of love while Rick was at least feeling the methadone equivalent. Although selfishness and greed are more ephemeral than the real values of life their effects on the world often outlive their origins. Miriam's a meteor job. Somewhere out there in space there must be a meteor with her name on it. Tsismis or rumours grow in this land like tropical weeds. Surprises are so common here that nothing is surprising. A crooked leader who can lead is better than a crooked one who can't. Although I always followed the politics of Hitler I emulate the drinking habits of Churchill. It [Australia] is the country that does the least with the most. Rereading the brief lines that told the story in the manner of Fox News reporting the death of a leftist Rick's dark imagination took hold. Didn't your mother ever tell you never to trust a man who doesn't drink? She must have been around twenty years old, was tall for a Filipina and possessed long black hair framing her smooth olive face. This specter of loveliness walked with the assurance of the knowingly beautiful. Her crisp and starched white uniform dazzled in the late-afternoon light and highlighted the natural tan of her skin. Everything about her was in perfect order. In short, she was dressed up like a pox doctor’s clerk. Suddenly, she stopped, turned her head to one side and spat comprehensively into the street. The tiny putrescent puddle contrasted strongly with the studied aplomb of its all-too-recent owner, suggesting all manner of disease and decay.”
“Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Enchantment lies in everyday moments if you are observant.”
“A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.”
“Like a favorite song, old dreams keep on playing in my mind They've waited for so long, for their time to finally arrive I do believe now's the time, I've gone years and years without really living Minding squeaky wheels just giving and giving And dreaming, Like wildflowers growing through sidewalk cracks The weight of the world makes 'em change their tracks To find, the sun, and shine Now, now, now's the time”
“Coming from your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man!”
“For every dilemma, find at least three or four possible solutions. The creative process leads to better results.”
“Never mourn the loss of innocence, because it always brings the much greater gain of wisdom.”
“You may be the most beautiful woman on planet earth, but I will not change my principles for you.”
“Time is the most frequent obstacle to change that my clients name. Luckily, it comes in small increments. It can be broken down and taken back in pocket-sized, clever little nuggets: one minute, five minutes, fifteen minutes at a time.”
“I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. ( ) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.”
“Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.”
“A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one.”
“Regret can be a great motivator, but so can achievement.”
“Deep and clear ideas Have a way of coming true They sense every single clue I always seek to discover Options and their subtle borders I know their kind never accepts orders”
“Life is so outrageous I could not have imagined it, made all the sweeter because it cannot last. It is all about today. Today is the best day ever because tomorrow might not happen.”
“Greed is the source of all suffering and pain.”
“A man, to be greatly good, must imagine intensely and comprehensively; he must put himself in the place of another and many others; the pains and pleasures of his species must become his own. The great instrument of moral good is the imagination.”
“The first step to learning new things is the realisation that we don’t know. Some get stuck on this step, and some never arrive to it. Some get to advance to the second step, which is accepting that we don't know. Thereafter, some will further advance into seeking knowledge to fill the gap. Then, some will seek understanding of that knowledge. From that group, which is usually only a few individuals, some will apply that understanding to obtain results. But the process doesn't end there. Because some will analyse those results. Then after that, some will report the results for others to gain insight. Then the cycle starts again. In the end, the question is: where are you in this process of learning?”
“A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“The pursuit of the elixir of life may be eternal, but the true elixir lies within us - in the moments we cherish, the connections we make, and the memories we create.”
“A person lives a life with a mixture of, persistent pressure of pain and pursuit of pleasure but as he grows up, he is better able to learn about how to live.”
“You will write if you will write without thinking of the result in terms of a result, but think of the writing in terms of discovery, which is to say that creation must take place between the pen and the paper, not before in a thought or afterwards in a recasting  It will come if it is there and if you will let it come.”
“Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!”
“You can advance only by being larger than your present place; and no man is larger than his present place who leaves undone any of the work pertaining to that place.”
“Memorisation come from the head but meditation is from the heart.”
“Avoid those who can’t laugh about their own failures, for they have not failed enough. Avoid those who judge your decisions, for they have never learned how to make their own. Avoid those who think they know everything, for they know little about life. Avoid those who discredit your knowledge without testing it, for they will never learn. Avoid those who demand love, for they can’t love themselves. Avoid those who promise love, because they won’t know how to love you. And while avoiding them, don’t avoid judging yourself accordingly, or you won’t be avoiding them but the opportunity to look at yourself through them. Every failure mirrors a lesson.”
“We need to consider the components of our life that are less than ideal. Acute focus will yield areas for improvement.”
“Do Something! I was sitting on a plane after a long, tiring business trip. I was a bit grouchy and irritable because the rigorous schedule I had made for myself left me exhausted. Looking to not talk to the person next to me and simply endure the flight, I decided to open my newspaper and read about what was happening in the world. As I continued to read, it seemed that everywhere I looked there were stories of injustice, pain, suffering, and people losing hope. Finally, fueled by my tired, irritable state, I became overcome with compassion and frustration for the way things were. I got up and went to the bathroom and broke down. With tears streaming down my face, I helplessly looked to the sky and yelled to God. “God, look at this mess. Look at all this pain and suffering. Look at all this killing and hate. God, how could you let this happen? Why don’t you do something?” Just then, a quiet stillness pacified my heart. A feeling of peace I won’t ever forget engulfed my body. And, as I looked into my own eyes in the mirror, the answer to my own question came back to me… “Steve, stop asking God to do something. God already did something, he gave you life. Now YOU do something!”
“Anything is possible. Anything can be.”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.”
“No, I don't look like a champion. If I were a racehorse, no one would bet a dime on me. But I run and, oddly enough, I always get where I want to go.”
“Where are You Now? I was there whilst you cried, I was there to comfort you with smile, I was there to give you a hand, when all faith was lost. I was there to open doors of opportunities, I was there to share my passion for life, I was there to feed you, when you were hungry. I was there to listen to your turmoil, I was there to lift your spirit when you were broken. I was there when you were ill and alone. I was there when you were betrayed, lied to and ridiculed. I was there to understand, to care and to share. I was there … to play, to sing, to dance, to write, to love, to create and innovate. I was there … Where are you now? … by Natasha Parker”
“The LORD is with them whose hearts are fully committed to him.”
“When your will is God's will, you will have your will.”
“A hundred men lived inside him, somehow managed to absorb all the contradictions, reincarnated many personalities, committed more crimes against himself, used dozens of names, and lost his name in the crowd. He was struck by chaos, polished by randomly, wrestled with him and wrestled with it, wrestled with it until he tamed it, and he became its brother, friend, and son.”
“If you need help, God can help you, call on him.”
“Live your dreams. Breathe your dreams. Never give up on your dreams.”
“It is amazing how the Powerful God provides.”
“If you really desire to hear God speak to you, your proximity to Him must be close like a shadow and your heart aligned with Him like a lover.”
“I am unable to believe in a God susceptible to prayer. I simply haven't the nerve to imagine a being, a force, a cause which keeps the planets revolving in their orbits, and then suddenly stops in order to give me a bicycle with three speeds.”
“Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“Every glittering stone, like every shining metal, is not precious.”
“Don’t forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.”
“An awaken and enlightened mind is several miles ahead of everybody, always accused of daydreaming, hallucinating, and being lost in fantasy. Remember, it is okay to be different, non-conformed, and unaligned; these are those who bring transformation to society.”
“Why do I have to tell a story?” I asked. “Because if you don’t tell the story, someone else will tell it for you.”
“Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.”
“No matter what you're going through, there is always another brick sitting right there in front of you, waiting to be laid. The only question is, are you going to get up and lay it?”
“The ‘ocean of grace’ is vast and infinite, with unfathomable depths and never-ending tides.”
“If you heal the brain, you heal the pain.”
“Strength is Life, Weakness is Death. Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death. Love is Life, Hatred is Death.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good, even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“I choose to walk by faith because I know God is mighty and victorious and there is nothing that is difficult for him. He is able to change any tough situation for our good. When we go through difficult situations, sometimes God wants to remind us that before the joy of victory comes there got to be a struggle to overcome." Gregory Anson”
“If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.”
“There is nothing frightening in the dark if you just face it.”
“A Fulfilling Life = Purpose + Happiness - Hinderances”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.”
“Keep your dreams, you never know when you might need them.”
“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”
“This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.”
“I marveled at the beauty of all life and savored the power and possibilities of my imagination. In these rare moments, I prayed, I danced, and I analyzed. I saw that life was good and bad, beautiful and ugly. I understood that I had to dwell on the good and beautiful in order to keep my imagination, sensitivity, and gratitude intact. I knew it would not be easy to maintain this perspective. I knew I would often twist and turn, bend and crack a little, but I also knew that…I would never completely break.”
“The path to success and failure often look very similar. Success doesn't mean it's the end, and failure doesn't mean it's the end either. What truly matters is having the courage to keep going. It's better to try something original and fail than to succeed by copying others.”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Trust me Earth is not your Home as there is nothing as delightful as we are looking for. and on top of it these things successfully confusing us like a Mirage in a deserte so awake awake ”
“Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.”
“When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.”
“The people within your leadership are a direct reflection of you.”
“I am the lover's gift; I am the wedding wreath; I am the memory of a moment of happiness; I am the last gift of the living to the dead; I am a part of joy and a part of sorrow.”
“If you can't grind for your dreams, you don't deserve fruit”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others.”
“Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.”
“Take it easy, but take it.”
“leave everything that didn't go well today behind, and try again tomorrow!”
“Different kinds of people getting along can achieve wonderful things together.”
“Humans are not to be differentiated by caste, color, creed, and gender instead by their approach Positive or Negative.”
“If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under.”
“If someone tells you that you can't achieve your purpose, show them something they are unable to do, they will just walk away in confusion. People with true intelligence don't rely solely on naysayers for their advice. They simply smile without speaking. Real creative motherfuckers show the results of their achievements, not the proof. You don't need to convince ignorant people wrong, just persevere in the profession you have faith in, and one day they will look up to you and apologize for the skepticism they put towards you. Be yourself, have confidence in your abilities, fucking don't get depressed by mistakes: it will happen, embrace it, and begin again. Just keep on following the course of becoming your own inspiration that will encourage others to go after their own vision.”
“When the murky clouds Began drizzling gloom When there was nothing But darkness around When everything Looked hazy and misty Suddenly there twinkled A star Far away.”
“It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.”
“Our problem is not the government,other people,the rich or the economy this we can't control but we sure can control our own minds. We perish for lack of knowledge so start learning & keep learning.Remember even what you know is useless if not used.”
“Education facilitates economic development.”
“The choreography of life makes us fall, only to teach us to rise through dance once more.”
“Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.”
“Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.”
“No sooner have you feasted on beauty with your eyes than your mind tells you that beauty is vain and beauty passes”
“LAW 25 Re-Create Yourself Do not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions – your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.”
“The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.”
“When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.”
“We need each other more than ever. We cannot get through it alone, find the hope to move forward and do all we need to do alone, find the joy and beauty alone to have the incentive to find the hope.”
“Where there is life, there is hope.”
“When you depersonalize abrasive behavior and see it as a call for help you become a catalyst for the best kind of change.”
“The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance, all are equals.”
“Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?”
“Life is a constellation, the individual moments in our lives seem so pointless sometimes; but when you look at the whole picture, you can see that those little moments formed memories.”
“When you don't have a mentor you suffer in the hands of tormentors.”
“Be compassionate! Animals are not commodities! They are companions sharing Planet Earth with us!”
“They make you as they are because it’s the only thing they know and then they tell you it’s your fault because they are jealous you are better than them. But the truth is it’s never your fault. It’s their fault”
“It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.”
“I accept the Organic Trinity of Mineral, Vegetable, and Animal with as much authority as I accept the Holy Trinity. Both are sacred.”
“Time bows to authentic commitment, and it stretches to accommodate it.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.”
“The world would change dramatically if people started supporting and appreciating entrepreneurs in the way they appreciate and admire art and artist.”
“Life is all about becoming a better version of yourself.”
“Most don't deserve your tears  and the ones that do will never make you cry.”
“Just because you’re good at something, doesn’t mean you’re supposed to be doing it.”
“The support of others can get you to the top, but you still you have to develop your strength, by growing your own roots so that you can keep yourself there, even when they stop watering you.”
“Self-love is not a destination to reach; it's a sacred journey to embark upon. Embrace your flaws, celebrate your strengths, and nourish your soul with kindness. In the depth of self-love, you'll find the courage to bloom, the power to heal, and the freedom to truly be yourself.”
“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”
“He gave us these gifts on earth so that we could bless others and spread the Gospel in our own effective ways.”
“Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own. I am the force.”
“First you jump off the cliff and build your wings on the way down.”
“We pencil-sketch our previous life so we can contrast it to the technicolor of the moment. ”
“Where you find the end is the real beginning.”
“The ugly and stupid have the best of it in this world. They can sit at their ease and gape at the play. If they know nothing of victory, they are at least spared the knowledge of defeat. They live as we all should live-- undisturbed, indifferent, and without disquiet. They never bring ruin upon others, nor ever receive it from alien hands. Your rank and wealth, Henry; my brains, such as they are-- my art, whatever it may be worth; Dorian Gray's good looks-- we shall all suffer for what the gods have given us, suffer terribly.”
“Finding a hobby that you love is not only a lifesaver. It is a stress reliever and a blessing. It is something you solely do for your happiness. Not for money or any recognition.”
“Moonlight reminds us that there is still light to guide us, even in the darkest of nights.”
“It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.”
“Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.”
“Don't wait for the right moment. Just get started and learn along the way.”
“The missionaries were motivated by divine guidance to fulfill the mission despite the difficulties nor the dangers.”
“When you go down in flames, let it be a blaze that illuminates your path forward, guiding you towards a new beginning.”
“It's unsurprising that intelligent people spend the most time with themselves because, as the saying goes, we are the average of the five people we spend the most time with.”
“Psychology is human behaviour towards self, Sociology is human behaviour towards society and Economics is human behaviour towards economy." Dr Lloyd Magangeni”
“God always gives his best to those who leave the choice with him”
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”
“The more you become aware of and respond to the needs of others, the richer your own life becomes.”
“Rise higher when you fall  be confident to face it all  and focus on making the impossible possible!”
“Right choices create right conditions for one’s destiny to activate and bloom. Sometimes the life you want is just waiting for you to start doing certain things you’ve never done before or stop doing certain things you’ve always done.”
“Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends”
“We would never call inexplicable little insights 'hunches,' for fear of drawing the universe's attention. But they happened, and you knew you had been in the proximity of one that had come through if you saw a detective kiss his or her fingers and touch his or her chest where a pendant to Warsha, patron saint of inexplicable inspirations, would, theoretically, hang.”
“Discipline is giving yourself a command and following it up with action”
“Despite what you may believe, you can disappoint people and still be good enough. You can make mistakes and still be capable and talented. You can let people down and still be worthwhile and deserving of love. Everyone has disappointed someone they care about. Everyone messes up, lets people down, and makes mistakes. Not because we’re inadequate or fundamentally inept, but because we’re imperfect and fundamentally human. Expecting anything different is setting yourself up for failure.”
“Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.”
“Joy is not in things; it is in us”
“We hunt the flame, the light in the darkness, the good this world deserves.”
“My days I devote to reading and experiments in chemistry, and I spend many of the clear nights in the study of astronomy. There is, though I do not know how there is or why there is, a sense of infinite peace and protection in the glittering hosts of heaven. There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope.”
“The practice of lovingkindness can uplift us & relieve sorrow & unhappiness.”
“Don't believe in everything that is written. Not everything that is written is true”
“Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.”
“Every single day of your life you do about a hundred things you have no interest doing. To get through the day. And it starts with getting up!”
“You will encounter many challenges in life. But you must never be defeated by the challenges.”
“What He said He would do He always did, and the things we already see fulfilled in His Word simply remind us that what He said about the future will take place just as surely.”
“You must first believe with your heart to heed with your mind.”
“You cant find any Shop,factory or school of building human character without rough journey or hard situations college that comes in life as it heppens to me and other people it will come to you too, not that it for some certain people it for everyone. Human character needs to be shaped, prooned or builded for some work that we send to do in living that is other plan of God so you can't escape it as you did'nt escaped to be born the better thing to do is to pray for it process to be done successfully , I know nothing will stand on it cause it God's will but will going to help you to gain strength you need.”
“Ensure you never disrupt someone's peace of mind if they find their true identity. If they discover their purpose, let them be themselves. Teaching them to love like a beautiful flower is more important than teaching them to condemn the world with religious indoctrination that is like a tsunami destructing their own ray of colorful sunlight.”
“Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. Be good for something while you live and it is in your power.”
“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them." ~Charles Bukowski”
“The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.”
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”
“If you wish to be miserable, think about yourself, about what you want, what you like, what respect people ought to pay you, what people think of you; and then to you nothing will be pure. You will spoil everything you touch; you will make sin and misery for yourself out of everything God sends you; you will be as wretched as you choose.”
“You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE and still recover as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.”
“I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future.”
“The vision never leaves it just waits for you to see it again.”
“I'd rather be interesting, original, & unique then follow the pack. Revel in who you truly are & be liberated!”
“No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.”
“Most of us are not raised to actively encounter our destiny. We may not know that we have one. As children, we are seldom told we have a place in life that is uniquely ours alone. Instead, we are encouraged to believe that our life should somehow fulfill the expectations of others, that we will (or should) find our satisfactions as they have found theirs. Rather than being taugh to ask ourselves who we are, we are schooled to ask others. We are, in effect, trained to listen to others' versions of ourselves. We are brought up in our life as told to us by someone else! When we survey our lives, seeking to fulfill our creativity, we often see we had a dream that went glimmering because we believed, and those around us believed, that the dream was beyond our reach. Many of us would have been, or at least might have been, done, tried something, if  If we had known who we really were.”
“He felt like sin but tasted like love so, what’s a clumsy girl to do but stumble in delicious rapturous love.”
“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are”
“The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity  and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“Distance can ruin even the best of intentions. But I suppose it depends on how you look at it. Distance just adds a richness you would not otherwise get. People come. People go. They will drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their stories and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones. Not the ones from the past.”
“Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.”
“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
“They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.”
“What is worth living for if not something worth dying for?" - Angus Og Macdonald in Bound by Honor”
“Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.”
“Solitude is the choice to be alone for self-reflection and happiness.”
“Which road, which road did you take That brought you here at last? No road, no road did I take. I leaped, I leaped from dream to dream. ”
“Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.”
“you know, a daydream properly utilized can be the most powerful force in the universe. One need only dream of freedom to begin to break the spell of enslavement.”
“Let your story grow. Let it surprise you, and it will certainly surprise your readers.”
“Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.”
“I don't regret my painful times, i bare my scars as if they were medals. I know that freedom has a high price, as high as that of slavery; the only difference is that you pay with pleasure and a smile, even when that that smile dimmed by tears”
“You can spot people who are living for something deeper. They walk out into the world differently, purposefully. What's even more appealing to me is someone living openheartedly. Someone who knows there will be highs and lows, but still finds reason to celebrate every bit between. Someone who trusts they're still in progress, but worthy of love anyway.”
“Glossy lips must pour good words not hurful words.”
“Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“In nature, everything is interconnected and woven together in a delicate dance of harmony and balance.”
“Ever since living things have existed, they have acknowledged God's might, because He created them.”
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”
“Compete like you cannot fail.”
“SHINE JESUS - I have found, the more we point others to Jesus  the more His radiance shines through us. "Those who are wise will shine like the brightest of heavens, and those who turn many to righteousness will shine like stars forever and ever." Daniel 12:3”
“Rainbows are a natural reminder that there is always light and beauty to be found, even amid the darkest storm.”
“It is a great experience to be a monk to give up the fake life and embrace the real life.”
“I’ve gotta get out of the basement. I’ve gotta see the world. I’ve gotta make a difference”
“If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”
“To ugly ducklings everywhere, Don't worry about those fluffy yellow morons: They'll never get to be swans”
“Rushing toward his friend as if he races the pain races to him, struggles with sorrow. Raman crossed the green fields between them. Since they met, they did not part, and they vowed not to do so. -“I will not leave him alone, I will be his father, brother, and friend”, this is how he took a vow to himself when he saw his friend crying and complaining about his father’s departure to war. Thus, he renewed the covenant on the day he saw him silent and alone, with his mother placing in his hands the farewell poem. A hand patted his shoulder, wrapped towards him, and hugged him – my friend, he is gone. – he will come back, Raman, my father promised me that he will come back on Eid morning. – Ruslan, he can’t keep this promise anymore. Now, it is Eid, let’s play and have fun. – No, Eid will never come unless my father comes, Eid will never come unless my father comes.”
“Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.”
“When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.”
“There are many injustices that will simply never be made right, and to expect otherwise is to set yourself up to be consumed by frustration.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
“Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this.”
“If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.”
“Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”
“If you are - unable to appreciate others, at the very least, thank them.”
“We can accept and embrace our pasts as part of the path that shaped who we are now.”
“The gentle glow of fireflies, which carries the magic of childhood dreams, sparks our sense of wonder and nostalgia.”
“Beauty is a sacrifice. -Me Baby, I INVENTED scrawny! -Leo Valdez I will NEVER leave you or forsake you. -God No one can make you feel inferior, unless you consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt Be careful, Seaweed Brain. -Annabeth Chase”
“Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.”
“You are always a young magician with your own methods of creating your own world .”
“When did this journey begin  When did this fire begin in my heart?”
“The heart of a person only beats when it's surrounded by blood, by family.”
“Death twitches my ear; 'Live,' he says  'I'm coming.”
“Though it’s reasons to burn may vary  you are always the fuel of my fire.”
“She smiled. She knew she was dying. But it did not matter any longer. She had known something which no human words could ever tell and she knew it now. She had been awaiting it and she felt it, as if it had been, as if she had lived it. Life had been, if only because she had known it could be, and she felt it now as a hymn without sound, deep under the little whole that dripped red drops into the snow, deeper than that from which the red drops came. A moment or an eternity- did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist. She smiled, her last smile, to so much that had been possible.”
“I think of myself as a bad writer with big ideas, but I'd rather be that than a big writer with bad ideas.”
“Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
“Love may be an inexhaustible well of inspiration for writing loads of letters until the wind of unresponsiveness blows frostiness into the fold of expectations.( "Poste restante" )”
“What we believe is possible for us is nothing compared to what God can make happen for us. And moments that truly take our breath away are those moments when divine will put impossible odds in their rightful place.”
“Yet how hard most people work for mere dust and ashes and care, taking no thought of growing in knowledge and grace, never having time to get in sight of their own ignorance.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“I may not always be with you But when we're far apart Remember you will be with me Right inside my heart”
“Keep following your intuition and never forget that you are not doing this alone, you are constantly guided and all your needs will be constantly provided.”
“Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.”
“I had no epiphany, no singular revelation, no moment of truth, but a steady accumulation of a thousand slights, a thousand indignities and a thousand unremembered moments produced in me an anger, a rebelliousness, a desire to fight the system that imprisoned my people. There was no particular day on which I said, Henceforth I will devote myself to the liberation of my people; instead, I simply found myself doing so, and could not do otherwise.”
“An education is not so much about making a living as making a person.”
“No wonder why we build our own cages and stay in them, even though there's no lock on the door.”
“Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.”
“The fastest way to get to easy is through hard.”
“Shoot your shot when it comes to your career. Don't be afraid of rejection. You have to move past that fear.”
“Someday stars will wind down or blow up. Someday death will cover us all like the water of a lake and perhaps nothing will ever come to the surface to show that we were ever there. But we WERE there, and during the time we lived, we were alive. That's the truth - what is, what was, what will be - not what could be, what should have been, what never can be.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“People mock, laugh, and make memes about something that is beyond their level of comprehension. And when people hate, they hate everything about you, even the things you do with good intentions.”
“Ambiguities, paradoxes, uncertainties, and volatilities are the order of the universe and life. Those who dare to solve, resolve, and dissolve them make bold leaps into the future.”
“Fresh air is nature’s way of reminding us that every breath is a gift.”
“Motivation is temporary, determination is permanent. Motivation may give you courage to start but if you are not determined you will eventually give up. You are determined only if you have a goal no matter whether it is a small one or gigantic.”
“Women united can create movements. We can empower entire generations. We can build peace one action at a time. Together we rise. The time is now.”
“They say that success is a journey, not a destination. But let's be real, the destination is pretty sweet - especially if it comes with a six-figure salary and a company car.”
“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
“Play to win, not "not to lose".”
“An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.”
“Whatever life i have in my hand is a blessing from God, I have everything i need to add values to this world and make this world a better place to live in”
“Don't underestimate the power of seemingly insignificant wins - they have the potential to shift everything.”
“If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.”
“So yes, come as you are, but be prepared that you aren’t going to stay here. Transformation is coming. And it’s coming because it’s necessary.”
“Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.”
“There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled. There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled. You feel it, don't you?”
“Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.”
“A person that treats you nicely and disrespects the waiter is not a nice person. Stay away from people like that and most importantly: Don’t be like that.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Don't care about success or failure. Keep doing what you love. Success will follow.”
“Solitude is used to teach us how to live with other people. Rage is used to show us the infinite value of peace. Boredom is used to underline the importance of adventure & spontaneity. Silence is used to teach us to use words responsibly. Tiredness is used so that we can understand the value of waking up. Illness is used to underline the blessing of good health. Fire is used to teach us about water. Earth is used so that we can understand the value of air. Death is used to show us the importance of life.”
“No babe you're not explained by number for people who love you or what you've done, it how you treat yourself and how you created.”
“A book is like a treasure chest, waiting to be opened and discovered.”
“If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.”
“To exist in this vast universe for a speck of time is the great gift of life. Our tiny sliver of time is our gift of life. It is our only life. The universe will go on, indifferent to our brief existence, but while we are here we touch not just part of that vastness, but also the lives around us. Life is the gift each of us has been given. Each life is our own and no one else's. It is precious beyond all counting. It is the greatest value we can have. Cherish it for what it truly is .. Your life is yours alone. Rise up and live it.”
“Eyes carry a lot of emotions.”
“Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.”
“Every great leader can take you back to a defining moment when they decided to lead”
“Never apologize for who you are.”
“Today, you have the opportunity to transcend from a disempowered mindset of existence to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. Today is a new day that has been handed to you for shaping. You have the tools, now get out there and create a masterpiece.”
“Celebrate your success, then set your eyes on the horizon; there is so much more to do!”
“People have only as much liberty as they have the intelligence to want and the courage to take.”
“Never underestimate the power of simply asking for an opportunity. A lot of times, that lack of directness, is what's standing between you and your ultimate success. Doing this with politeness, confidence, and optimism will put you through doors that were once closed. Believe in yourself and go for exactly what you want. This is taking charge of your life!”
“Grandma always tell me it's not the end of the world when I'm feeling down about something”
“Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.”
“With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.”
“The time to listen is when someone needs to be heard.   Above all, god's children should learn to listen, then listen to learn from the Lord. Quote from Russell M. Nelson: Father, Surgeon, Apostle”
“In the dance of the elements, a stone's weight becomes a guardian's embrace, sheltering a delicate leaf from the tumultuous winds of life.”
“An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.”
“It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about the friendship but trust.”
“I choose gentleness  Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it be only in praise. If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.”
“Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.”
“Experiment with life by exploring and trying new things.”
“How many fears came between us? Earthquakes, diseases, wars where hell rained smoldering pus from skies made of winged death. Horror tore this world asunder. While inside the bleeding smoke and beyond the shredded weeping flesh we memorized tales of infinite good. --from The History Lesson”
“Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”
“No matter your situation, if you are still alive, God wants you to keep living! Hold on, hang there but hope in the Lord God, who is able to do more than you ask or think of! Cast all your cares upon the Lord for he cares.”
“I don’t need any plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.”
“The number of those who have nothing to recommend them and of those in whom nothing but good can be found is probably equal”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. It's not measured by the amount of wealth or recognition you accumulate, but by the obstacles you overcome and the lessons you learn. To be successful, embrace failure as an opportunity to grow, stay focused on your goals, and never give up on your dreams.”
“You just have to say to yourself, "I am not willing to accept anything less than what I deserve! I am smart! I am Beautiful! I am a good woman and I deserve to be happy!" It all starts with you.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“There is a thin line between poverty and success and it is PERSEVERANCE. Successful people don't stop until they see the result they desire.”
“Don't get too deep, it leads to over thinking, and over thinking leads to problems that don't even exist in the first place.”
“Life is not always easy, but when you believe, you will find ways to win.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“The Test of Death -Would you believe someone you trust and swear to tell you the truth? -No -Why? -He may say what he thinks is the truth, which is not so, and I believe that the truth is not given, but taken, snatched, you have to fight to get it, the truth is not free. – We sent you to carry out a dangerous, sensitive task, a matter of life or death, and we sent someone you know is a deceiver and a liar to share it with you, we do not trust him either, but we need him? Do you accept it with him? -Maybe yes and maybe no -How? -Trust here has no place, even if I trust him, I may not implement it with him, and I may implement it with someone I do not trust, everyone in a certain circumstance has the ability of betrayal and treachery, as they have the capacity for honesty and sincerity, I will not trust anyone with a dangerous operation like this, but I will trust the plan; if the plan had taken all possibilities into consideration, including the possibilities of treachery, and if we put alternative plans in case of emergency, I would trust the plan itself, and implement it with those whose presence is required. -What is brainwashing? -It is a radical transformation of ideas in a short period of time, without a convincing reason or explanation. – How does the process work? -The primitive method is by coercive means, such as physical or psychological torture, to implant thoughts directly into the victim’s head. -What is the most advanced method? -By manipulating the surrounding environment of the victim, and passing ideas into his brain indirectly, to convince him that it is the product of chance, or for supernatural reasons such as your pre-written destiny, or that God has chosen you for this moment, and the more convincing the environment, and the more serendipitous, the quality of the process better. -How do you know you are being brainwashed? -I watch my thoughts, if I suddenly decide to switch them without a clear and convincing reason, and within a short period of time, then I have to study the changes in the environment around me, new people, targeted ads on social media, random videos, and everything around me seem to happen by chance It is directly or indirectly related to new ideas. Then research and focus, analyze and elicit, to try and discover the process. -What is long-term brainwashing? -A traditional brainwashing process, but it takes a relatively long time, such as repeating the idea to be cultivated weekly instead of repeating it daily, and this happens if the victim is intelligent and careful observation, so the process is done carefully and slowly so as not to discover it. -Which is more powerful, short-term or long-term brainwashing? -The short; the mind quickly ignores, when passing the idea in separate periods of time, it ignores the old ones, and buries them away in its memory, thus their impact decreases, so we are forced to plant the idea a thousand times instead of a hundred, to increase the momentum and compensate for the lack of influence of the old ideas, and with the presence of spaced periods of time when the process takes a long time, and the chance of discovering the target becomes greater. -What is a mind injection, and how is it done? -It is the process of implanting the ideas that are required to be implanted in it, in direct or indirect ways, and each has its own method and method of injection, some of them rush and some of them take longer than the necessary time, and in both cases, the injection does not take its desired effect, but it is possible that the effect is completely reversed. -How do you know that the injection process is going well? -The new and reprehensible reactions of the victim, especially the spontaneous ones. Which is issued near the end of the injection process.”
“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
“Does all Curve people struggle or experience stress about it?I don't think so, search here for yourself”
“Change is the parent of progress.”
“Difficult times are always followed by new challenges, we must face them head on and continue on our path to a prosperous life.”
“Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil”
“When I face the desolate impossibility of writing five hundred pages, a sick sense of failure falls on me, and I know I can never do it. Then gradually, I write one page and then another. One day's work is all I can permit myself to contemplate.”
“A revolution is coming – a revolution which will be peaceful if we are wise enough; compassionate if we care enough; successful if we are fortunate enough – but a revolution which is coming whether we will it or not. We can affect its character; we cannot alter its inevitability. [Report to the United States Senate on his trip to Latin America and the Alliance for Progress, May 9-10 1966] ”
“Developing quotations often sparks inspiration!”
“Sometimes a short cut is just a short cut to disaster.”
“More than body fitness in sport you need God's hand he can do better for you to score that goal.”
“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”
“But we were different now. I wanted only his pain, and judging from the girl he’d come home with last night, Madoc was still the same. A user.”
“Even when you succeed, continue loving God the way you do.”
“Do not be afraid to start something new and be a beginner/student again.”
“Despite the sense of invincibility and inevitability often associated with this so called Great Reset, and the Elitist Establishment that sits behind it, this theatrical movement does not strike me as an organic creation of their omnipotent genius so much as it does a premature plan that has become a reactionary course of action to counter what invariably constitutes the Great Revolution — An ongoing awakening of hundreds of millions of people throughout the world that threaten their globalist power unlike anything they or their predecessors have ever seen before.”
“Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.”
“True potential is realized when we stretch. When we choose to go beyond our present perceived capability.”
“People who believe humans are naturally bad will find evidence everywhere, just as someone who believes everyone is good will find as much proof. When the two extremes of a philosophical argument are proven true, we can conclude that the reality is somewhere in the middle.”
“When I met a truly beautiful girl, I would tell her that if she spent the night with me, I would write a novel or a story about her. This usually worked; and if her name was to be in the title of the story, it almost always worked. Then, later, when we'd passed a night of delicious love-making together, after she’d gone and I’d felt that feeling of happiness mixed with sorrow, I sometimes would write a book or story about her. Sometimes her character, her way about herself, her love-making, it sometimes marked me so heavily that I couldn't go on in life and be happy unless I wrote a book or a story about that woman, the happy and sad memory of that woman. That was the only way to keep her, and to say goodbye to her without her ever leaving.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Learn as much as you can. Love as much as you should.”
“Mathon is starting on the road but it starts from days before you hit the road by dreaming and margin about it.”
“Who knows where and what turn will come, Still getting acquainted with the roads.”
“Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you. You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.”
“Centering is not just for the wheel! We must also center our spiritual lives with the ways of the Lord.”
“The creative mind seeks chance and accident while everyone else seeks control and order. Rod Judkins ‘Change Your Mind”
“Dear Superwoman, One day the dust will settle. When it does, get up, and dust yourself off. Arise and shine.”
“Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.”
“The only thing that will ever make me fall in love is: if I fall in love.”
“Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.”
“I think that there are those who write of life being a skip on the sidewalk, a chocolate bar, a bowl of cherries  the problem with that is it ends up disappointing people. Because life is more like being on the tube in London; you never really know what could happen! But then there are those people who bring a box of chocolates to eat on the tube so life, it isn't a skip on the sidewalk, but it is a matter of strength: "Can I bring my bowl of cherries to feast on while I stand here in the gutter?" that's the essence of life. Can you still put on your rose-colored glasses while your eyes are filled with tears, and see everything in rosy colors? That's the strength that fuels a true life. Can you think to bring your little box of chocolates with you while you sit on the tube running under the streets of London? Because you should. Because even if you don't know anybody, and you don't know what's gonna happen next, you should have your box of chocolates with you. You should eat your bowl of cherries. And that is what life is.”
“My life's journey was horrible and so it's inspiring.”
“Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.”
“It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood, A beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine?  It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood, A neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine?  I've always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you. So, let's make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together we might as well say: Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor? Won't you please, Won't you please? Please won't you be my neighbor?”
“Pride is a deceptive emotion that causes people to overestimate their abilities.”
“I hope I make people feel better. I hope I take people out of their situations a little bit and make them happier. That's really why I do what I do.”
“I Sh*t, therefore I am”
“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
“It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.”
“Love is the soul's treasure.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“A flower earns its honor in the dirt.”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“The stars up there at night are closer than you think.”
“You should know that a period of isolation is often required before a massive breakthrough. You are here to shed layers, years, identities, relationships, and everything else that is keeping you writing the same old story. Allow it. Walk tall and walk alone, for as long as you need to. This is your becoming.”
“Hurry kills you and you don’t even realise that hurry is a threat to your spiritual well-being and spiritual life. How can you think reasonably during a crisis especially when lives are being threatened?”
“There is no revolution without the people. Revolution is not achieved by firing rounds in the darkness of the night.”
“You can't hide the thunderbolt. When it hits you, everybody can see it. Christ, man, don't be ashamed of it, some men pray for the thunderbolt. You're a very lucky fellow. - Calo”
“Embrace the truth that joy does not happen to us; it reflects our mindset and choices.”
“May the Maker extend his mercies to all mankind.”
“Time moves with a vengeance, so the personal vendetta is yours – feel anything but deprived when your time ends.”
“Charisma without character is like fire without heat, it doesn't burn anything.”
“A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.”
“There are choices you make in life that cannot be undone and that cannot be buried. They can only be carried, and you either buckle beneath the weight of them or grow strong enough not to. And growing is always worth it if it helps you get to that next thing that makes life worth living.”
“Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta”
“Imagine a world full of people who take their choices seriously, carefully weighing the options presented to them. I wonder where we would be if people put as much thought into their decision-making process as they do so many other things in their lives.”
“No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for.”
“The best reward comes from our collective effort and energy.”
“Whatever harm I would do to another, I shall do first to myself. As I respect and am kind to myself, so shall I respect and be kind to peers, to elders, to kits. I claim for others the freedom to live as they wish, to think and believe as they will. I claim that freedom for myself. I shall make each choice and live each day to my highest sense of right.”
“Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.”
“Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.”
“Let your words be the gentle breeze that carries inspiration to those who need it most, igniting a ripple effect of creativity and growth.”
“And people who don’t dream, who don’t have any kind of imaginative life, they must… they must go nuts. I can’t imagine that.”
“Like madness is the glory of this life.”
“We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.”
“Reminiscing about my childhood days, I still remember that when I would wake up in the morning, I would find my mother writing in her diary or on bits of paper. She would sometimes not get any diary, or paper and write in the back pages of magazines and even in the blank spaces of the telephone directory. My mother Poet Manjushree Mohanty is truly an inspiration to me and many poets and writers”
“Our thoughts and interests gravitate toward activities entailing the shortest ‘cycle time’ for perceived benefits. Instant gratification will always serve as a false optimal.”
“I hated the mountains and the hills, the rivers and the rain. I hated the sunsets of whatever colour, I hated its beauty and its magic and the secret I would never know. I hated its indifference and the cruelty which was part of its loveliness. Above all I hated her. For she belonged to the magic and the loveliness. She had left me thirsty and all my life would be thirst and longing for what I had lost before I found it.”
“If you love me I am in your heart, if you hate me I am in your head, either way it's flattering to know that you can't spend a moment without me.”
“You have always been useless. But that doesn't mean you aren't necessary. What do you mean? Happiness can depend as easily on useless things as useful ones.”
“A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind.”
“You become what you think about all day long.”
“I'll be inside the one who holds you. And then I won't be. ”
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”
“His life was gentle; and the elements So mixed in him, that Nature might stand up And say to all the world, THIS WAS A MAN!”
“If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.”
“If [you're asked] what you think, tell. If you have a preference, voice it. If you have a question, ask it. If you want to cry, bawl. If you need help, raise your hand and jump up and down.”
“The death of a dream can in fact serve as the vehicle that endows it with new form, with reinvigorated substance, a fresh flow of ideas, and splendidly revitalized color. In short, the power of a certain kind of dream is such that death need not indicate finality at all but rather signify a metaphysical and metaphorical leap forward.”
“Within the dimensions of an infinite dance, Lives a crowd that looks for a unique tree, It serenades hearts to join its trance, So they can swim in the beautiful blue sea”
“When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.”
“HOME is where we want to be”
“In-existence, the soul’s greatest imposition is its perfection. It is projected as a perfected form of the physical embodiment, an emblem of things, perhaps hyperreal and untouchably perfect as existence. It can not be! The soul in-existence is nothing of perfection. It is raw potential. The soul is nothing but potential. To be specific, the soul is unordered potential!”
“Let your Life be a reason for others to Live!”
“Martin Luther King Jr., on April 4, 1967, at the Riverside Church, he speaks out against the Vietnam War. People push back against King. They tell him he's not patriotic. In that speech, he says that there comes a time when silence is betrayal. He says he's about to say this criticism because he loves the country, not because he hates the country. He also, in the same speech, says America is the greatest purveyor of violence in the world. But he says it's going to be a bitter but beautiful struggle to transform America, because he says the goal of America is freedom. Now, that's perfect. That's brilliant. That's beautiful. He's telling us all the different sides of our country and he's inspiring us to do something about it - right? - but he's also not calling us villains. He's saying that we can actually transform and create and build this beloved community. But King wants us to tell the story of poor people, farm workers. He wants us to end militarization and materialism and racism. So what I think, again, I think everything comes down to storytellers and the story, everything. And I - and I'm serious about that. And so we need to tell ourselves a different story about America.”
“Diyar-e-Ishq Mein Apna Maqam Paida Kar, Naya Zamana, Naye Subah-o-Sham Paida Kar; Khuda Agar Dil-e-Fitrat Shanas De Tujh Ko, Sakoot-e-Lala-o-Gul Se Kalaam Paida Kar; Mera Tareeq Ameeri Nahin, Faqeeri Hai, Khudi Na Baich, Ghareebi Mein Naam Paida Kar Build in love’s empire your hearth and your home; Build Time anew, a new dawn, a new eve! Your speech, if God give you the friendship of Nature, From the rose and tulip’s long silence weave The way of the hermit, not fortune, is mine; Sell not your soul! In a beggar’s rags shine.”
“And feel a surprise; while fortune comes like a silver beam, at once, the reflection of what we did toil, is a guiding light to the success; a newly burn of fame.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“It’s possible to be flippant here, when Jihadists fly aircraft into buildings they shout God is Great, what do atheists shout when they do it?”
“Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!”
“One’s mouth is either a pit by which to fall down, or a mountain by which to raise up. A pit can not be a mountain, nor a mountain a pit. Train the mind and heart and train your mouth to raise up.”
“You might be looking forward to working, falling in love, marrying, raising a family. You are told that you should expect to find a job paying so much, where your hours are so much, where your responsibilities are so much. That is what is expected of you. And if you live up to it, it will be an awful waste. If you expect that, you will be limiting yourself.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“I lied and said I was busy. I was busy; but not in a way most people understand. I was busy taking deeper breaths. I was busy silencing irrational thoughts. I was busy calming a racing heart. I was busy telling myself I am okay. Sometimes, this is my busy - and I will not apologize for it.”
“And worse I may be yet: the worst is not So long as we can say 'This is the worst.”
“Jeremy and Karl and Elizabeth have known each other since the first day of kindergarten. Amy and Talis are a year younger Now the five are inseparable; invincible. They imagine that life will always be like this--like a television show in eternal syndication--that they will always have each other. They use the same vocabulary. They borrow each other's books and music. They share lunches, and they never say anything when Jeremy comes over and takes a shower. They all know Jeremy's father is eccentric. He's supposed to be eccentric. He's a novelist.”
“Nothing hurls an individual towards their goals faster than the sting of defeat. That's when all the probing post-mortem questions get asked. Victory is the fluffing up and reinforcing of the existing ego.”
“Life is like a river. It only moves in one direction—towards the ocean. Your life is also moving in one direction—towards the cemetery. Therefore, prepare enough for a triumphant exit.”
“A confident woman is never afraid to empower other women. She celebrates the success of others as if it were her own. She is never threatened when other women succeed, because she believes in collective success.”
“In this life cycle, one must willingly carry out one's responsibilities by serving living beings while appreciating the beauty of life.”
“When you see yourself doing something badly and nobody's bothering to tell you anymore, that's a bad place to be. You may not want to hear it, but your critics are often the ones telling you they still love you and care about you, and want to make you better.”
“What Waringa tried hard to avoid was looking at the pictures of the walls and windows of the church. Many of the pictures showed Jesus in the arms of the virgin Mary or on the cross. But others depicted the devil, with two cow-like horns and a tail like a monkey's, raising one leg in a dance of evil, while his angels, armed with burning pitchforks, turned over human beings on a bonfire. The Virgin Mary, Jesus and God's angels were white, like European, but the devil and his angels were black.”
“We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.”
“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
“I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?”
“I would rather live in a world where people shout, "This is wrong." than live in a world with superheroes saving the day.”
“They say eyes reflect reality I believe it!”
“You were saved not by work, but for work. Do it till all is done. By your Inventions, Innovations, Initiatives, Improvements, Involvements, Imaginations, Information, Interventions and Inspirations  Go the extra mile and dare to do it.”
“A photographer is like a cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity.”
“Sometimes I can't be both the East and the West, and I wish I had a compass that could decide for me: less stress”
“One moment of anger ruins a lifetime of dreams.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!”
“Education is not having a set of Degrees but Education means to have Awareness, And to implement changes in the society. Not Superficially but from the Roots, Which does not involve politics But a pure intent for the Betterment Of The New Generation.”
“Mindfulness is not just about being present, but also about being curious, compassionate, and non-judgmental towards our thoughts and emotions. It is a powerful tool that allows us to connect with ourselves and the world around us in a more meaningful way.”
“I believe God spoke to you at cliffs. Her hand came to rest on the top of my head. But perhaps you weren't truly listening”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.”
“To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.”
“Hold yourself back, or heal yourself back together. You decide.”
“Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.”
“With movements of dance, every uncertainty receives clarity.”
“Don't be deceived by the glittering facade of others' success. Beneath the surface lies a tapestry of untold stories, unseen struggles, and uncharted paths. True understanding requires us to acknowledge that the journey to achievement is as unique as the individual undertaking it.”
“Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for”
“Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. Let us understand what our own selfish genes are up to, because we may then at least have the chance to upset their designs, something that no other species has ever aspired to do.”
“Art creates the Eden where Adam and Eve eat the serpent.”
“There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.”
“If we can write or sing or create in some way, even when we are dealing with difficulties or pain, then it becomes something bigger than ourselves — and often beautiful.”
“To be kind, honest and have positive thoughts; to forgive those who harm us and treat everyone as a friend; to help those who are suffering and never to consider ourselves superior to anyone else: even if this advice seems rather simplistic, make the effort of seeing whether by following it you can find greater happiness.”
“Having a clear vision and a solid plan for your business is essential, but it’s equally important to be flexible and adaptable as circumstances evolve. Surround yourself with people who inspire and support your goals, and stay focused on your long-term vision.”
“When thrown into the pit, a prayerful woman always finds a way out because God comes to her rescue.”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.”
“All my life I've been fascinated by the precipice in all of us. When you come to it, you either choose to fall or you don’t --Alvin Ailey”
“But I don’t think fighting monsters is all that courageous. I think the ultimate act of courage is standing still in the face of a monster. Courage is looking closely enough into its jaws to see it for what it is: an illusion. The monster isn’t real. It’s your fear of the monster that is real. And just about anything in life can look like a monster if the light is just right.”
“My Lord God, I have no idea where I am going. I do not see the road ahead of me. I cannot know for certain where it will end. Nor do I really know myself, and the fact that I think that I am following your will does not mean that I am actually doing so. But I believe that the desire to please you does in fact please you. And I hope I have that desire in all that I am doing. I hope that I will never do anything apart from that desire. And I know that if I do this you will lead me by the right road though I may know nothing about it. Therefore will I trust you always though I may seem to be lost and in the shadow of death. I will not fear, for you are ever with me, and you will never leave me to face my perils alone.”
“Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Would you like to know your future? If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator. So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
“Strength wasn‘t about being able to do everything alone. Strength was knowing when to ask for help and not being too proud to do it.”
“Each time I try, I lose my aim. And the pain starts all over again. It's not an easy target. It's hopeless. But after a while I start again.”
“God is God. He knows what he is doing. When you can’t trace his hand, trust his heart.”
“To truly understand the impact of a decision on your life, shift the focus from what good an opportunity would do for you, to what the opportunity would do to you.”
“Books are a uniquely portable magic.”
“When you're given the opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn't give you things. You take things.”
“I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.”
“Living in the present and letting go of thoughts that no longer serve me allow me to relax, unwind and experience peace.”
“If you are paying someone to motivate you (seriously), you should rather pay to a psychiatrist.”
“Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.”
“Always read the 'Moral' of the story, it will teach you something!”
“Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.”
“Whoever shall call on the name of the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, shall be saved.”
“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”
“Change happens when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change.”
“Make today so awesome yesterday gets jealous.”
“Your team are people, your customers are people. If you want to lead, you have to love people.”
“Life is whimsical and magical. Placing one foot after another- within our mind, we create and birth the path we take. Upon physical arrival, the presentation of this manifestation is often grander than our internal vision. We need only to open up and see. Open to the journey.”
“A poet's work . . . to name the unnamable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world and stop it from going to sleep.”
“I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.”
“Value the person for who they are, not what they can do for you. True worth is found in their character rather than their accomplishments.”
“I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it.”
“Let nothing disturb you. Let nothing frighten you. Everything passes away except God.”
“A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.”
“This book is designed to strengthen your faith and give you another angle from which to view your relationship with God.”
“In any hardship, do not lose heart.”
“Welcome beautiful let me be your girl on being beautiful with you to make it perfect.”
“Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.”
“Are there emotional underpinnings that incline us to indulge so greatly in relaxation, instead of taking on more productive uses of time?”
“And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.”
“Denying yourself a life of personal freedom is denying yourself of a life worth living.”
“My motivation; knowing the value of life makes me live to do my very best.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”
“There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.”
“Faith is the power that allows a perplexing world to emerge into the light.”
“When you're inside of your home, it should feel like your sanctuary. A haven for comfort, inspiration, safety, and love. Invest in ways to create that type of atmosphere for yourself. Aesthetically and security-wise.”
“While listening to drum beats or trance, now is the time to release the dance.”
“Focus your heart, mind, and soul on joy and you'll find ultimate success and fulfillment.”
“Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. ”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“In thick people crave eating is familiar thing, the question is how to deal with it firstly accept it and get the way of living with it , right, the thing here is I don't want you to regret after or end up in a bad situation like sick, being obes handle it in a right way.Snack is your tool get it on your drawer,bag,or near you,snack with diy or bought dried fruit and veggies or raw fruit and veggies will help a lot cut off junk snack.”
“Happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue.”
“I've learned that the universe doesn't care what our motives are, only our actions. So we should do things that will bring about good, even if there is an element of selfishness involved. Like the kids at my school might join the Key Club or Future Buisness Leaders of America, because it's a social thing and looks good on their record, not because they really want to volunteer at the nursing home. But the people at the nursing home still benefit from it, so it's better that the kids do it than not do it. And if they never did it, then they wouldn't find out that they actually liked it.”
“There is only one motive for writing a novel: to be published and read. To me there is no distinction between the mystery novel and the novel, only between good books and bad books. A good book takes the reader into a new world of experience; it is an experiment. A bad book, unless the writing is inept, reinforces the intransigent attitude of the reader not to experiment with a new world. Since there are criminals and psychopaths and sociopaths in all my novels they are in a way psychological thrillers.”
“Those who practice it can’t get enough, whose expressions are countless; what else but dance?”
“Sometimes you need to sit lonely on the floor in a quiet room in order to hear your own voice and not let it drown in the noise of others.”
“We are the wolves, the hunted and the hounds. In the face of religion, we stand our ground. For too long we've been told what we should believe, But our hearts and our souls will never deceive. We reject the dogma and the fear they instill. We refuse to be bound by their holy will. We embrace our freedom, our love, and our truth. And we'll fight till the end, for the right to choose. We'll howl at the moon, and dance in the night. We'll live our lives, without fear or fright. We'll break the chains, and shatter the mold. For we are the wolves, fierce and bold. So let them come, with their crosses and their swords, We'll stand our ground, and we'll face their hoards. For we are the wolves, the hunters of our fate, and we'll never bow down, to their religious hate.”
“There are people around the world who would risk their lives, who are currently risking their lives, for a tiny fraction of the opportunity you have obtained simply by virtue of having been born here and not there. You have been given a precious gift. Do not squander it.”
“Don’t allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily.”
“It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.”
“If you follow your dream and never lose hope, the magic will always come to you.”
“Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.”
“Don't go downhill just because it's easy. The view is only visible from the top.”
“a wind has blown the rain away & the sky away & all the leaves away, & the trees stand. i think i, too, have known autumn too long.”
“The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.”
“Only those people create history, who doesn't live in the future.”
“I have the power I need to create the destiny that I desire. I am open to the Universe's abundance, and magic happens when I live in my eternal truth.”
“Every flower represents a soul that is blooming with beauty and innocence.”
“Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.”
“The passion and excitement that I get from life, when immersed in studying something weird or unconventional, is amazing. It feels as though I’ve found a new toy to play with.”
“Love is only a word, until we decide to let it possess us with all its force. Love is only a word, until someone arrives to give it meaning. Don't give up. Remember, it's always the last key on the key ring that opens the door.”
“All inanimate objects, things, and living bodies in this universe go through the cycle of inception, maintenance, and dissolution.”
“Paranormal events are just edges of the infinite we “happen” to encounter.”
“Living a spiritual life is the most beautiful experience ever on this planet”
“Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!”
“Just celebrate and dance. Life is a moment we are living right now.”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“When day comes, we step out of the shade of flame and unafraid. The new dawn balloons as we free it. For there is always light, if only we’re brave enough to see it. If only we’re brave enough to be it. The Hill We Climb: An Inaugural Poem for the Country”
“There is no time to waste in life and there is no cut and paste as well, only copy and paste – you can only emulate others”
“The book of destiny is the being who doesn't believe in destiny.”
“I could react or respond to your maliciousness against me but I'm busy with stocktaking, counting my blessings one by one.”
“You do it for yourself. You don’t expect to change the world. You don’t even expect to influence your family or your friends. You do it because you can’t not do it and be who you are. Or who you’re meant to be.”
“Man is a spiritual being, a soul, and at some period of his life everyone is possessed with an irresistible desire to know his relationship to the Infinite. . . . There is something within him which urges him to rise above himself, to control his environment, to master the body and all things physical and live in a higher and more beautiful world.”
“Not the beginning, but the End. Not the First, but The Last. Only Never Quit!”
“Someone is always going to try to knock you down and take your place. It is up to you to fight for what you want.”
“Suffering is the noblest art, the quieter the better.”
“The wood is not the fuel. The cold is the fuel. For the cold creates the passion for the fire.”
“We all belong to the same humanity; we are all tiny bubbles in the river of life. The bubbles keep popping up and vanishing, but the water remains, the ocean remains, and I am a part of that ocean of life. I am part of the same water that every other being is. I am just a little piece of dirt floating about, a piece given the power to think, move, and create for a short time. Life is getting expressed through me and all other beings.”
“The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.”
“Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself. They come through you but not from you, And though they are with you, yet they belong not to you. You may give them your love but not your thoughts, For they have their own thoughts. You may house their bodies but not their souls, For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, Which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.”
“Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.”
“It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all.”
“If I am truly to become an autonomous woman, then I must take over that role of being my own guardian I not only have to become my own husband, but I need to be my own father, too.”
“There is nothing that works out for the worst that won't work out for the better.”
“Ten spears go to battle," he whispered, "and nine shatter. Did the war forge the one that remained? No, Amaran. All the war did was identify the spear that would not break .”
“The stars up close to the moon were pale; they got brighter and braver the farther they got out of the circle of light ruled by the giant moon”
“Fearless people always achieve limitless success.”
“Pure happiness and peace are at their peak when your body is in harmony with itself.”
“You are pretty now. But if you don’t learn to love yourself, even if you are pretty, you are not truly considered beautiful.”
“Be a true Heart, not a follower.”
“I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.”
“If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.”
“Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!”
“It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. ”
“The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.”
“A loving soul was always more beautiful over the long haul, but actual prettiness was fleeting.”
“Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability”
“As a child learns to dream, they grow like flowers in a garden - aspiring to become something amazing like a rainbow flower. Just as you can teach them to cultivate their own gardens and forge their own roses, you can also teach them to become good individuals by planting one seed at a time.”
“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”
“Relationships, like dew on leaves, are delicate and fleeting. We must handle them with caution or else they will vanish.”
“Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.”
“But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”
“[Jesus] not only kept Himself from engaging in evil, He also continually acted in ways that honored and glorified god. He not only continually avoided the negative, He always pursued the positive.”
“Understanding others is a sign of intelligence; understanding oneself is a sign of true wisdom. Controlling others is a sign of strength, but mastering oneself is a sign of true power.”
“In conclusion of my story the purpose of writing it is to help you,by motivate, inspire, giving hope of finishing strong nomatter how hard is it, trust God the master of everything that he will make you come out strong in those situations as he done to me and others hang in there it almost done,you'll come out shine like a gold on that fire I promise you your name will change If you know as weak, useless ,unvalued person after trials you going to be on heardlines of news everyone will ask about you and they going to look at you high and low remember one thing all praise unto God who created Heavens and Earth never forget him on your ways humbleness must be you sheild to escape God's anger.”
“Our behaviour should correspond to our thoughts and actions.”
“To free yourself from perceived bonds, you must test the strengths of those restraints and risk failure.”
“Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!”
“A matter, as the famous book intoned, of finding the shade of the parachute that best complemented you. But really: With no parachute at all you'd hit the pavement so hard it probably wouldn't even hurt, and you'd unleash a whole new color palate-bone, blood, muscle-in the process.”
“Step into a mistry world of believing and trust in you before you blame other people.”
“Jesus Christ lived in the midst of his enemies. At the end all his disciples deserted him. On the Cross he was utterly alone, surrounded by evildoers and mockers. For this cause he had come, to bring peace to the enemies of God. So the Christian, too, belongs not in the seclusion of a cloistered life but in the thick of foes. There is his commission, his work. 'The kingdom is to be in the midst of your enemies. And he who will not suffer this does not want to be of the Kingdom of Christ; he wants to be among friends, to sit among roses and lilies, not with the bad people but the devout people. O you blasphemers and betrayers of Christ! If Christ had done what you are doing who would ever have been spared' (Luther).”
“Life is all about the decisions we make and the habits we keep. Don't be fooled into thinking that your future is decided by someone else - you have control over your destiny.”
“I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE AND THE CAPTAIN OF MY DESTINY.”
“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
“And as long as our souls fly together, never apart ever again, we shall love forever.”
“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
“Staying focused and disciplined is a rare quality of being successful”
“With age, it is easy for arrogance to replace the curiosity of youth.”
“Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.”
“Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!”
“Inspiration comes unawares, from unaccountable sources that have nothing to do with planning or intelligence. Let it cool ever so slightly, and you are left, pen or brush in hand, with no inspiration at all. Gifted people need not, therefore, make a song and dance about being or supposing themselves superior. They simply happened to be born with that fortunate, subconscious equipment of theirs, and the mystery exists independently of intelligence or ambition.”
“I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.”
“The bodystrike heppen in bodyworkout session caused many Plussize people quit in training special those who do it with the aim of losing kilos.I've got an idea, just change the purpose of doing it do it for healthy living lifestyle cause it heppen in a matter of time, when doing it continueously it makes wonders.lnstead of losing you develop healthy,sexy fit muscles see, you better continue ignore it as my friend bunny and I do.”
“God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.”
“Better to be lost for something worthwhile. Instead of getting lost in everything worthless.”
“Everyone had different beginnings. Different temperaments of parents. Totally different interests and hobbies. Different ways parents perceived success. Different teachers who taught you to fit in. And you expect yourself to outsmart someone else. It is an insult to your journey. And an insult to what all you have endured to get here.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.”
“A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.”
“Sensuality is not about perfection, it’s about inspiration and expression.”
“The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.”
“You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you can change the world, the world will change. Potential. Once you're dead, it's gone. Over. You've made what you've made, dreamed your dream, written your name. You may be buried here, you may even walk. But that potential is finished.”
“Whoever is motivated can do great things.”
“The strength of a woman is not measured by the impact that all her hardships in life have had on her; but the strength of a woman is measured by the extent of her refusal to allow those hardships to dictate her and who she becomes.”
“Our worst fears, like our greatest hopes, are not outside our powers, and we can come in the end to triumph over the former and to achieve the latter.”
“By crying you get more attention with my Zulu language we use to say (ingane engakhali ifela embelekweni) means uncrying baby can die on his mom comfort,you need to express your feelings special to God . That what I does and still do more then that it work very well for me it will do the same for you too these stories sometimes may not make the sense to you or not understand it but it very true and it works for other people. If there's other option beside this I would tell you that love does and true friendship is and sharing is carring will make a better world.”
“Light has nowhere to hide in the dark.”
“In the past, I used to think that it is fundamental and natural to have everything. But I realized that is not true. Instead I realized that those are things to be grateful for. After that realization, I became comfortable. Even if I don’t have it I am grateful. Such a realization also made me understand that is a way to love myself.”
“To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day, To the last syllable of recorded time; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more. It is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.”
“A woman of God is never afraid of any storm. She understands that the God she serves will calm the storm.”
“What is grander than a country and more valuable than gold? Strength of heart.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Live! Don't just Exist!!! Don't drag through Life Live each day as a Celebration.-RVM”
“Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.”
“In traveling, a companion, in life, compassion,'" she repeats, making sure of it. If she had paper and pencil, it wouldn't surprise me if she wrote it down. "So what does that really mean? In simple terms." I think it over. It takes me a while to gather my thoughts, but she waits patiently. "I think it means," I say, "that chance encounters are what keep us going. In simple terms.”
“Jokes never exhaust, laughter does. Isn't that funny!”
“Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.”
“To be racked with agony yet to be in awe at what lights the sky, to groan at the briefest memories that left their footprints yet to search for the meaning of life, is an act of bravery ..”
“The strongest, the most intelligent, the most successful of men is not worthy of being called a Man if he is devoid of courage!”
“Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.”
“A spoken word is like an arrow shot from a bow. Once it’s released, it can’t be un-released. If the arrow was shot after a careful aiming and in a deliberate manner, it will hit its target and accomplish the purpose of its release. But if it’s released aimlessly or not in deliberation for a purpose, then it might bring unwanted results and cause unintended damage.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“Crazy people are extremely talented and they live their lives with the highest amount of clarity and confidence and this is the main reason why they seem like crazy”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“When we understand people; when we understand situations; when we understand what matters; when we understand the why’s, the what’s and the how’s; when we understand the trigger of actions, we least inflict pain on ourselves and unto others.”
“Poetry Is Language Dancing.”
“There are so many bad people in the world. They'll treat you badly, they'll haggle and undermine your worth. They'll calculate what they can get without thinking about what to give. That's the world. Very seldom, you'll find someone who will not undermine and haggle your worth, who will take risks for you, who will think about what they can give to you and how they can make you happy. So you see, the rule goes like this— when you find such a person, you don't let go of them. You stay with them and they stay with you.”
“There is always a way out of a situation. Might be ugly. Might leave you feeling like the earth had gone and shifted under your feet. But there is always a way around.”
“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
“What are you going to do with your life?" In one way or another it seemed that people had been asking her this forever; teachers, her parents, friends at three in the morning, but the question had never seemed this pressing and still she was no nearer an answer  "Live each day as if it's your last', that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that? What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to be good and courageous and bold and to make difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you. Cherish your friends, stay true to your principles, live passionately and fully and well. Experience new things. Love and be loved, if you ever get the chance.”
“I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.”
“That's something every islander knows--there's always going to be another hurricane. Another storm. Everything buried will surface again, and everything you thought would last forever will come down eventually. But you rebuild. You dredge. You keep moving, keep adding new. That's how we go on living.”
“I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”
“Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper ”
“We cannot have a world where everyone is a victim. "I'm this way because my father made me this way. I'm this way because my husband made me this way." Yes, we are indeed formed by traumas that happen to us. But then you must take charge, you must take over, you are responsible.”
“Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it”
“He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.”
“And now we step to the rhythm of miracles. --from The Light, That Never Dies”
“I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out like a fucking meteor!”
“Everyone wants a prodigy to fail; it makes our mediocrity more bearable.”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“It [feminism] is mixed up with a muddled idea that women are free when they serve their employers but slaves when they help their husbands.”
“Where attention goes energy flows; where intention goes energy flows.”
“The home we seek is in eternity; The Truth we seek is like a shoreless sea, Of which your paradise is but a drop. This ocean can be yours; why should you stop Beguiled by dreams of evanescent dew? The secrets of the sun are yours, but you Content yourself with motes trapped in its beams. Turn to what truly lives, reject what seems -- Which matters more, the body or the soul? Be whole: desire and journey to the Whole.”
“The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.”
“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Be With Me In The Phases Of My Work Because My Brain Feels Like It Has Been Whipped And I Yearn To Make A Small Perfect Thing Which Will Live In Your Morning Like Curious Static Through A President's Elegy Or A Nude Hunchback Acquiring A Tan On The Crowded Oily Beach. ”
“I’m tired of ignorance held up as inspiration, where vicious anti-intellectualism is considered a positive trait, and where uninformed opinion is displayed as fact.”
“If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.”
“Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.”
“Surprise is where creativity comes in.”
“I've always found the best people in the worst places.”
“Real freedom lies in wildness,not in civilization!!”
“Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.”
“Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.”
“I felt like poisoning a monk.”
“Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul.”
“Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be ”
“Planting a tree is more than just an act of hope; it's a pledge to future generations that we cared enough to make a difference, one tree at a time.”
“Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.”
“Keep moving forward, and you will always see progress”
“I called the world of phenomena an illusion, I called my eyes and my tongue and accident, valueless phenomena. No, that is all over; I have awakened, I have really awakened and have just been born today.”
“Roam abroad in the world, and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.”
“Reach for the sky but keep your feet on the ground”
“The greatest ideas are the simplest.”
“There are personal responsibilities in the form of work and schooling, family needs, and the endless list of chores that ensure a functional household. Progress does not always look pretty.”
“If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.”
“Your ability to make me feel like I was less than I was, took awhile to recover from. But after ripping my own self worth to shreds for so long, I realized that I wasn't less just because I was more than your inexperienced hands could handle.”
“Only poetry can express the weight of the world and still remain whole.”
“Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.”
“Be your own armor, Be your motivator. Your are the tide of impossible light, You are your carburetor.”
“There are two possible outcomes for an injured person, either succumb to his/her injury or fight harder and come out stronger with a scar as a trophy ”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“Those who need it seek it. Those who seek it find it. -Emit Eht”
“Each life experience poses this question: how do you want to be changed because of me?”
“We can see when others are trying to destroy us. But we choose to let karma deal with them accordingly.”
“We will all pass through a sorrowful stage in life, when it's your turn don't let the storm sweep you away.”
“Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love   my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64”
“What did you do?” I mumble. He is just a few feet away from me now, but not close enough to hear me. As he passes me he stretches out his hand. He wraps it around my palm and squeezes. Squeezes, then lets go. His eyes are bloodshot; he is pale. “What did you do?” This time the question tears from my throat like a growl. I throw myself toward him, struggling against Peter’s grip, though his hands chafe. “What did you do?” I scream. “You die, I die too” Tobias looks over his shoulder at me. “I asked you not to do this. You made your decision. These are the repercussions.”
“I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”
“‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“One does not surrender a life in an instant. That which is lifelong can only be surrendered in a lifetime.”
“A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return”
“Until justice rolls down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream.”
“Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.”
“Give me the Love that leads the way The Faith that nothing can dismay The Hope no disappointments tire The Passion that'll burn like fire Let me not sink to be a clod Make me Thy fuel, Flame of God”
“A confident woman confronts what is troubling her. She does not just sit and complain about challenges. She carries the grace to make a change.”
“You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.”
“[Team player vs team builder] Players focus on the wins and the loses. Builders focus on the team and future of the vision. Let's move our members from team player to team builder.”
“A fight is going on inside me," said an old man to his son. "It is a terrible fight between two wolves. One wolf is evil. He is anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other wolf is good. he is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion, and faith. The same fight is going on inside you." The son thought about it for a minute and then asked, "Which wolf will win?" The old man replied simply, "The one you feed.”
“Being in a relationship with some people is like pushing a boat through sand. I used to have the time and energy for that kind of nonsense, but not anymore. Relationships should be a wonderful journey of exploration and love; not grinding resistance.”
“Let them mock, Bran thought. No one mocked him in his bedchamber, but he would not live his life in bed.”
“It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.”
“Public places are for everyone to enjoy. Never allow a bully to infringe upon your right to use.”
“Motivation is like a breath of fresh mountain air – invigorating. And it is largely dependent also on your goal – the destination of your life. So, if you fix your goal and are excited about it, motivation will automatically appear. And finally, of course, if you practice the DOGtrine of Peace, motivation will flourish!”
“Our soul wounds took time to show themselves, and they will take time to heal. And healing requires compassion.”
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.”
“What if it becomes less about how we look and more about how much we care? What if it becomes less about how much money we earn and more about how much we share our good fortune? Imagine a world where who we are in our hearts is the ultimate status symbol.”
“Believe in your greatness. Because what you believe is what you become.”
“Sometimes change is what you need to do the things you never dared to do—to focus on big dreams and make them real.”
“Be happy if you healthy.”
“Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.”
“Even when the buds cannot bloom, the tree stands firm, patiently awaiting its turn.”
“Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!”
“#shreeshambav "I went for a walk - through the woods and fields, the coastline and rivers, the mountains and sea, and the earth and sky. I realised that life is full of beauty after seeing the flying bees, the fragrance of flowers, and the smell of rain, the soft touch of the wind, the roaring waves, and the flashing stars." - Shree Shambav”
“The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen”
“We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?”
“Success is a poor teacher”
“The vindictive flames of the sun scared me. But the fear of the great yellow eye paled compared to my body's longing for food, warmth, and someone to maybe understand me. Embrace. Grateful embrace. The warm touch of another human. That was my new goal if I ever needed one in the first place.”
“No matter how successful you are in life, you will eventually die. But the only thing that matters is the positive impact you have made in people's life. And that is what you will be remembered for.”
“Be as successful as a Smith.”
“Humanity is capable of such beautiful dreams and horrible nightmares, For Our World Has a lot For every Man's Dream but Not Every man's Greed, So you see this is life greatest rule, it gives to givers, and takes from takers, Karma God's judgement on earth. Those Full of themselves, on the outside are often starving on the inside”
“Magpies love to hear words which they can speak; and not only do they learn them, but they enjoy it; and as they repeat them over to themselves with the greatest care and attention, make no secret of the interest they feel. It is a well-known fact, that a magpie has died before now, when it has found itself mastered by a difficult word that it could not pronounce. Their memory, however, will fail them if they do not from time to time hear the same word repeated; and while they are trying to recollect it, they will show the most extravagant joy, if they happen to hear it. Natural History Book X, chapter lix”
“I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.”
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.”
“I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. ”
“Regret is counterproductive. It's looking back on a past that you can't change. Questioning things as they occur can prevent regret in the future.”
“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”
“It is better to walk in light than to dance in darkness.”
“Your action - A hastiness lead to regret, but patience and empathy leads - to peace and happiness.”
“If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.”
“I was already dead. I didn’t have a dream. I didn’t know who I was or what I was looking for. I didn’t see a future. I was lost, just trying to survive. My days were empty.”
“What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?”
“Invest in yourself and make progress – use small steps to move towards bigger goals.”
“Our bodies have five senses: touch, smell, taste, sight, hearing. But not to be overlooked are the senses of our souls: intuition, peace, foresight, trust, empathy. The differences between people lie in their use of these senses; most people don't know anything about the inner senses while a few people rely on them just as they rely on their physical senses, and in fact probably even more.”
“Good women are like the pillows of this world. Without them, the world cannot have a peaceful sleep.”
“How the gentle ivy needs the brick walls to grow  for the tender needs the strong as a valley needs a mountain as the flower needs a sun ”
“Anyone who does not comprehend your silence is unlikely to comprehend what you say or think.”
“The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.”
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”
“I drank a bitter cup of ale, a cupful of fancy, and thoughts slide beyond the mountain rill; clasping every fairness to the quill, the scent of flowers, the musical choir of birds, o’ air! the Divine here! for a poet’s joy to sigh!”
“Great leaders don’t lead others with bitterness or resentfulness of past mistakes, they lead with hope and knowledge of the past to inform greater decision making in the future.”
“You possess the power to rewrite your story, so dare to dream big and write a narrative worth sharing.”
“IF YOU CHOKE YOUR POTENTIAL BEFORE IT HAS AN OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME A POSSIBILITY YOU WILL NEVER REACH YOUR DESTINY”
“On my website there's a quote from the writer Anthony Burgess: "The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind." I've always found that inspiring because the written word, as an art form, is unlike any other: movies, TV, music, they're shared experiences, but books aren't like that. The relationship between a writer and a reader is utterly unique to those two individuals. The world that forms in your head as you read a book will be slightly different to that experienced by every other reader. Anywhere. Ever. Reading is very personal, a communication from one mind to another, something which can't be exactly copied, or replicated, or directly shared. If I read the work of, say, one of the great Victorian novelists, it's like a gift from the past, a momentary connection to another's thoughts. Their ideas are down on paper, to be picked up by me, over a century later. Writers can speak individually to readers across a year, or ten years, or a thousand. That's why I love books.”
“The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.”
“If you want to be happy, be.”
“[ ]the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!”
“Neither impress nor be impressed.”
“Passion and talent with right knowledge and consistent practice leads to self fulfilment.”
“The material world is all feminine. The feminine engergy makes the non-manifest, manifest. So even men (are of the feminine energy). We have to relinquish our ideas of gender in the conventional sense. This has nothing to do with gender, it has to do with energy. So feminine energy is what creates and allows anything which is non-manifest, like an idea, to come into form, into being, to be born. All that we experience in the world around us, absolutely everything (is feminine energy). The only way that anything exists is through the feminine force.”
“You don't choose spirituality, spirituality chooses you”
“The greatest feeling in the world to me is triumph.”
“As the earth dies your spirit will bloom; as the world fades your soul will rise and glisten. Amongst the dehydrated crevices of a desert earth you will stumble upon your diamonds; in between the dry skulls and cracked bones you will find your sapphires.”
“The more time you spend thinking, the less time you spend doing. The less time you spend doing, the more you watch others do. This formula never equals success.”
“The fact that you are still alive assures you that God has something for you to accomplish.”
“The fall of a leaf is not the end of its journey, but the beginning of something greater.”
“This life is futile, what really counts is to love you show to others and the happiness you share together.”
“Unless you realize your true Self as the Divine, Your life is meaningless.”
“Raise your power in silence, become a dynamite of resilience.”
“An honest person never gets tired of helping others for a long time, but the same person feels tired at the very beginning of hurting others.”
“Being Adam Parrish was a complicated thing, a wonder of muscles and organs, synapses and nerves. He was a miracle of moving parts, a study in survival. The most important thing to Adam Parrish, though, had always been free will, the ability to be his own master. This was the important thing. It had always been the important thing. This was what it was to be Adam.”
“Seek nourishment and physical engagement to ensure good health and perpetual growth.”
“If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.”
“blindness is a private matter between a person and the eyes with which he or she was born.”
“Being a high performer is like being an elite race car, speeding past the competition with ease. But even the best cars need to make pit stops to recharge and refuel. Take the time to rest, re-energize, and focus on self-care, for it's these moments of rejuvenation that will give you the strength to cross the finish line and win the race.”
“Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.”
“Doubt not, O poet, but persist. Say 'It is in me, and shall out.' Stand there, balked and dumb, stuttering and stammering, hissed and hooted, stand and strive, until at last rage draw out of thee that dream-power which every night shows thee is thine own; a power transcending all limit and privacy, and by virtue of which a man is the conductor of the whole river of electricity.”
“I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.”
“It's not the events but the perceptions of those events that decide the polarity of our energy.”
“Life's challenges can be turned into stepping stones that lead you to greatness.”
“The IMPOSSIBLE is ONLY relevant to those who NEVER attempt it…otherwise it is ABSTACT and MEANINGLESS”
“Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.”
“ a God that did everything we thought was right and good wouldn't be the creator of the universe. He would be our puppet.”
“People we associate with influence the direction our life takes. And so often in life, success flows from not leaving our friendships to chance, and consciously choosing friends we need in our life.”
“People should note be getting bad services or product because you chose to be in the wrong field or you chose to hate your job, supervisor, manager , boss, employment or what you do.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.”
“If I can’t get your love, time, money, hope, and positivity, don’t thrash me with your desperation, anxiety, negativity, criticism, or unsolicited advice. ”
“One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.”
“I don't think we get answers to every question. We don't get all the whys. But I think when we look back to the end of our lives, if we do the best we can, and we will see that the things we begged God to take from us, the things we cursed him for, the things that made us turn our backs on him, are the things that were the biggest blessings, the biggest opportunities for growth.”
“When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.”
“Viral Code …I want my dreams And I want them now; Give me my dreams; Only dreams can cure me; Everyone deserves dreams Because no one deserves them”
“Some games require a certain skill. Never shy away from acquiring it if you find the game worthwhile.”
“One of the most beneficial and valuable gifts we can give to ourselves in this life: is allowing ourselves to be surprised! It is okay if life surprises you. Its a good thing!”
“Life itself is simple it's just not easy.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“At that moment, the urge to be writing was stronger than any notion she had of what she might write.”
“A man is created to fellowship with his Marker.”
“With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.”
“Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.”
“There's times when I thought running away and looking for handout will help till I learn that running away increase problems handouts doesnt fix anything It where i stand firm with a bold like lion face tell it that I'll come in it shine like a gold scares will be my promotion as God authorise me. My lesson on that were never fight awardless battle like battling permanent situations.Now welcome and give situation a room will not stay forever if so you'll be safe in your room and learn to live with it to save your breath and time.”
“We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.”
“We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.”
“One can not beat modesty. It is too modest.”
“When you stretch, you create for yourself new possibilities, new horizon, giving yourself an opportunity to break your own record; and that’s what I call true progress.”
“Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are”
“The best love in the world, is the love of a man. The love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! I don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. I am first and foremost me, but right after that, I am a mother. The best thing that I can ever be, is me. But the best gift that I will ever have, is being a mother.”
“It's time to start living the life you've imagined.”
“Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express yourself, not to impress others.”
“Make moves and you'll make rain”
“In life everything is a continuous choice. We are the reason for it all. We are the gift, and the creation for through which all is gifted. We are limitless, and we are everything we could ever hope for in each moment.”
“Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.”
“Because I don't live in either my past or my future.I'm interested only in the present".”
“There is no secret ingredient”
“Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!”
“It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.”
“Create some commotion, like ripples in the ocean, shoeless or clueless, dance the dance of life.”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.”
“Its never to late to get back on your feet though we wont live forever make sure you accomplish what you were put here for”
“Don’t allow yourself to become disheartened when the thread doesn’t suit or seems unsightly to you. Wait and watch. Be patient and devoted. As the threads twist and turn, you will begin to understand, and you will see the pattern finally materialize in all its splendor.”
“No matter who we are, no matter what our circumstances, our feelings and emotions are universal. And music has always been a great way to make people aware of that connection. It can help you open up a part of yourself and express feelings you didn't know you were feeling. It's risky to let that happen. But it's a risk you have to take-because only then will you find you're not alone.”
“So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more dangerous to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“Not doing harder than doing.”
“If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.”
“We will never have a perfect world, but it’s not romantic or naïve to work toward a better one.”
“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
“In order for you to cross the threshold of your initiation, a loss of lower vibrational relationships is required. Releasing this dead weight will allow you to rise to newer heights. Remember, history is not an excuse to hang on to a connection that has withered out and long expired.”
“It is only after the deepest darkness that the greatest joy can come”
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”
“Now you've done it all,certified people with your life tell me your results what is your benefits?”
“If you can attract the right people with clarity and confidence then nothing can stop you from being successful”
“The day of perfection is not scheduled on earth.”
“Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.”
“Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.”
“Support and encouragement are found in the most unlikely places.”
“English: "I live in a way to make my daybook readable and interesting." Česky: „Žiju tak, aby můj deník byl čtivý.”
“Die with memories, not dreams.”
“It is okay to be a person who is still healing. The truth is that we always will be. It is a forever practice, it is that forever kind of love with yourself.”
“If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life”
“If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.”
“Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.”
“Best friends are treasures. Hug them for their caring. Applaud their accomplishments. Laugh with them gratefully.”
“Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.”
“Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.”
“You will always benefit from striving to be here now – do not allow life’s precious moments to pass you by.”
“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”
“Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.”
“that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.”
“Although it is not possible for everyone to be the best at everything, still the one who has the strong desire for it, is capable of showing the best that he has, but he should not forget to develop it as a priority”
“To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.”
“The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there and still on your feet.”
“Be careful of people who are not concerned about being sensual. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“Stop being afraid of living. It’s easy to die for someone. Death is . . . final. You do it once and it’s over. You know what’s harder, more terrifying, yes, but equally rewarding and fulfilling? Living for someone.”
“When you do what you love, the seemingly impossible becomes simply challenging, the laborious becomes purposeful resistance, the difficult loses its edge and is trampled by your progress.”
“Have you realized that today is the tomorrow you talked about yesterday? It is your responsibility to change your life for the better.”
“All creative activity is, to some extent, done partly with the intention to rectify or fix yourself. In other words, by relativizing yourself, by adapting your soul to a form that's different from what it is now, you can resolve - or sublimate - the contradictions, rifts, and distortions that inevitably crop up in the process of being alive. And if things go well, this effect can be shared with readers.”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“The truth seems directed at you when in fact, it's blind. ~Peter Ojo”
“Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars, to change the world.”
“There is need to embrace flexibility and make a switch where and when necessary. It’s your dream, it’s your journey, so find a way.”
“And so  the greatest journey has always been -- chasing paths where your heart beats and finding moments that leave you breathless”
“Throw yourself into nature's arms when you're completely lost in the dark; it will reveal a new glimmer of hope.”
“What do you do when there's nowhere to turn? You drive straight ahead.”
“An empowered heart is one filled with self love.”
“Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?”
“Use different requesting methods, even if asking for the same thing.”
“No Matter Your Age Or Date - Its Never Too Late! - (G Swiss)”
“Success isn't a straight line but failure is, you fail straight but you succeed by bending, mending, and molding that line of failure until you reach that position and place you called success.”
“The true identity of a person is not best reflected in the respect he receives from people in front to him, but it is found where people talk about him most in his absence.”
“Any deliberate effort aimed at bringing a powerful woman down ends up building her up, when she has the Lord on by her side.”
“As I stood there watching the mists softly rise, I wondered what vista could be more beautiful than this. The dense mist obscured visibility at times. The wind howled and roared as it swept through." - Shree Shambav”
“Art is the proper task of life. ”
“She brought light into the darkest hour She reminded humanity of love’s beautiful power No matter what obstacles she faced No matter how confidently evil paced”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“Marathon not start on the road,it starts by margining, strategies, dreaming about it then hit the road.”
“I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.”
“Inhale when I inhale. Exhale when I exhale. Breathe with me,for two beating hearts breathing one breath together become one.”
“Your success is your success.”
“Only work which is the product of inner compulsion can have spiritual meaning.”
“To memories is to think with your head; to meditate is to think with your heart.”
“Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.”
“I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”
“Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.”
“I can only strive for what is important”
“Real love is a humble receptivity of a silent heart that is prepared to melt and merge…”
“When consciousness ends, that is where the otherness unfolds naturally as a whole.”
“Every morning brings freshness and new hope; Be like morning”
“My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say”
“Do not try to fathom things that are beyond your reach. This is the work of… evil, nothing more. Hold on to what you do have, who you still have in your life now. Keep in your heart the promises made by God… one day, you will see the lesson, the reason… the good that came from the evil. Ym-yah’h.”
“Never worry a bit in Life. Always be full of merriment.”
“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
“No thought is a stupid thought, those who are thoughtless are thought of as stupid.”
“Never underestimate a bookworm”
“By declaring that man is responsible and must actualize the potential meaning of his life, I wish to stress that the true meaning of life is to be discovered in the world rather than within man or his own psyche, as though it were a closed system. I have termed this constitutive characteristic "the self-transcendence of human existence." It denotes the fact that being human always points, and is directed, to something or someone, other than oneself--be it a meaning to fulfill or another human being to encounter. The more one forgets himself--by giving himself to a cause to serve or another person to love--the more human he is and the more he actualizes himself. What is called self-actualization is not an attainable aim at all, for the simple reason that the more one would strive for it, the more he would miss it. In other words, self-actualization is possible only as a side-effect of self-transcendence.”
“By diagnosed with High blood pressure and Chalesterol in my life through obesity teach me in fighting and cure it gave me another chance of learning more and put me in a level of experience new things that that heppened in the moment where I moved on my childhood place when I started to taste different life without any knowledge of carefuling my body size by managing to survive on that deseases I decided to help other people by above ways who stuck and going through on the same situation it what makes me started a Healthy Curve Swagger online business to motivate, impowering and inspired physical and spiritual Curve people to live permanent healthy life, prevent grow old early and depression,stress deseases and boost their confident with above ways and practical experience for you to reach healthy lifestyle goal as I am.”
“And what she did was continue, without saying a word she just picked herself up, made no fuss, and continued forward. She was strong like that, the kind of strength you knew was from the Lion she became after finding God again.”
“Have we been worshiping our own creations more than we are praising God for giving us the ability to create?”
“If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.”
“ No– but ours is a journey into ourselves, a walk with God every day! Ours is a book that we write, a smile, a love, a tear, a lust, an awakening, a learning, a joy, a laughter, a memory, a dream, a vision, a love, a love, a love and a love. Our life is now. And Heaven is always there, but this life isn't always there, but this life isn't always here. Heaven is always there for us but this life is a gift to us!”
“Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there--on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.”
“Life is not chewing gum. You have to accept the sweetness and the tastelessness.”
“Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.”
“Your story may not have such a happy beginning but that does not make you who you are, it is the rest of it- who you choose to be”
“Thieves and liars kill indirectly, unintentionally, and with no other weapon than their tongues and malice.”
“A woman of faith is not limited by apparent limitations because nothing can limit a woman with the power to move mountains.”
“It has always seemed to me that a coward is a person who cares more about what people say than about what is right. Bravery isn't about what people call you, Spensa. It's about who you know yourself to be.”
“You know why everybody run away from you when you going through in tough situations? Yes they say friends are few when days are dark Because God prepare the table by invite your enemies to watch you enjoy your dinner with him in upsent of your friends bonusly he judge your friends frienship finally graduate you from unknowing him to following his ways hope you ready for that.Guess what, the moment situations loadshape your world, yes Jesus Christ is Independent main light to rescue you.Who friend like him?He's rocks dude.”
“Dear Daughter, Paint a portrait of love in your heart and you will feel loved.”
“The road of life is strewn with the bodies of promising people. People who show promise, yet lack the confidence to act. People who make promises they are unable to keep. People who promise to do tomorrow what they could do today. Promising young stars, athletes, entrepreneurs who wait for promises to come true. Promise without a goal and a plan is like a barren cow. You know what she could do if she could do it, but she can't. Turn your promise into a plan. Make no promise for tomorrow if you are able to keep it today. And if someone calls you promising, know that you are not doing enough today.”
“Where do we begin?” “At the beginning.”
“Move on. Don't dwell on it.”
“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
“You never leave your partner! Especially in a fire!”
“Regardless of how old we are or what stage of life we are in, we must always maintain a positive outlook and an eagerness to learn.”
“Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.”
“Like the clay on the wheel, we must be willing to change, sometimes drastically, in order to remain centered in Christ.”
“I cannot let the fear of the past color the future.”
“Creation is bringing potential into being, bringing inspiration into action. Inspiration and action are nothing when they are apart. Inspiration feels like a great a wondrous thing, but if it is not manifested, it is as if it never existed. Likewise, action without inspiration has no purpose. It is only when they are together as one that they are truly something.”
“You have to be odd to be #1.”
“Kittens were the worst. They climbed your pants and smelled bad and didn’t know how to behave. They lured guys you liked into your apartment and then ruined your chances at a relationship. They were helpless, and they needed me. But I wasn’t helpless, and it was time to start acting like it.”
“Each of us in this physical life will go through three phases of Rebirth to live life to the fullest. The first Rebirth is when we come to this material world to experience human life in the physical form. The second Rebirth is when we are reborn again in the inner eternal light of our pure Soul essence. The third Rebirth is to be reborn in true divine love with a True Soulmate. Many will stop at the first Rebirth journey, some will continue on the second Rebirth journey, and very few will experience the third Rebirth in a lifetime. The choice and decision lie within each of us".”
“A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.”
“A friend is like a guardian angel who lifts you up when your wings forget how to fly and carries you through life’s challenges with unwavering support.”
“God created everything because of His ultimate power, wisdom, and understanding.”
“You can achieve greatness if you have big dreams and believe in yourself.”
“Fiction is art and art is the triumph over chaos… to celebrate a world that lies spread out around us like a bewildering and stupendous dream.”
“Believe me, circumstances are never favorable. We should not depend on them. What is important is what one feels, what one wants, what one knows. We have to live despite reality and even against it, without waiting for it to be conducive as do the deluded, or the cowards.”
“Make yourself the light in the darkness”
“It's beyond important to learn how to fall in love with the journey. Not just the results.”
“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.”
“The mandarins of culture—what do they do to teach the common folk to read? It's no good writing down lists of books for farmers and compiling five-foot shelves; you've got to go out and visit the people yourself—take the books to them, talk to the teachers and bully the editors of country newspapers and farm magazines and tell the children stories—and then little by little you begin to get good books circulating in the veins of the nation. It's a great work, mind you!”
“The road appears with the first step !!”
“The more you learn, the more you want to learn.”
“The limitless’ is the infinite well of inspiration  of passion, creativity, desirability, vulnerability, and love.”
“If you hate your voice, remember it’s the sound your pet loves to hear.”
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.”
“The short space of threescore years can never content the imagination of man; nor can the imperfect joys of this world satisfy his heart. Man alone, of all created beings, displays a natural contempt of existence, and yet a boundless desire to exist; he scorns life, but he dreads annihilation. These different feelings incessantly urged his soul to the contemplation of a future state, and religion directs his musings thither. Religion, then, is simply another form of hope; and it is no less natural to the human heart than hope itself.”
“I'm the living embodiment of 'it could be worse'.”
“Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.”
“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
“When doubt whispers in your ear, roar with confidence and see how dreams can thrive in the face of uncertainty.”
“Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.”
“You have to celebrate the small wins as well.”
“Think outside the square. Think for yourself don't just follow the herd. Think multidisciplinary! Problems by definition, cross many academic disciplines.”
“Your only limitations are the ties you allow to bind you.”
“Having what you want may give you Achievement. But wanting what you have will give you Fulfillment.”
“No Matter How Worst Your Life Is Passing, Always Remember, The Living You Have Today Is Already Some People's Dream.”
“When he was in college, a famous poet made a useful distinction for him. He had drunk enough in the poet's company to be compelled to describe to him a poem he was thinking of. It would be a monologue of sorts, the self-contemplation of a student on a summer afternoon who is reading Euphues. The poem itself would be a subtle series of euphuisms, translating the heat, the day, the student's concerns, into symmetrical posies; translating even his contempt and boredom with that famously foolish book into a euphuism. The poet nodded his big head in a sympathetic, rhythmic way as this was explained to him, then told him that there are two kinds of poems. There is the kind you write; there is the kind you talk about in bars. Both kinds have value and both are poems; but it's fatal to confuse them. In the Seventh Saint, many years later, it had struck him that the difference between himself and Shakespeare wasn't talent - not especially - but nerve. The capacity not to be frightened by his largest and most potent conceptions, to simply (simply!) sit down and execute them. The dreadful lassitude he felt when something really large and multifarious came suddenly clear to him, something Lear-sized yet sonnet-precise. If only they didn't rush on him whole, all at once, massive and perfect, leaving him frightened and nerveless at the prospect of articulating them word by scene by page. He would try to believe they were of the kind told in bars, not the kind to be written, though there was no way to be sure of this except to attempt the writing; he would raise a finger (the novelist in the bar mirror raising the obverse finger) and push forward his change. Wailing like a neglected ghost, the vast notion would beat its wings into the void. Sometimes it would pursue him for days and years as he fled desperately. Sometimes he would turn to face it, and do battle. Once, twice, he had been victorious, objectively at least. Out of an immense concatenation of feeling, thought, word, transcendent meaning had come his first novel, a slim, pageant of a book, tombstone for his slain conception. A publisher had taken it, gingerly; had slipped it quietly into the deep pool of spring releases, where it sank without a ripple, and where he supposes it lies still, its calm Bodoni gone long since green. A second, just as slim but more lurid, nightmarish even, about imaginary murders in an imaginary exotic locale, had been sold for a movie, though the movie had never been made. He felt guilt for the producer's failure (which perhaps the producer didn't feel), having known the book could not be filmed; he had made a large sum, enough to finance years of this kind of thing, on a book whose first printing was largely returned.”
“You have authority over your life. Your life force is expanding. Your potential is limitless. Tap in and prepare yourself to climb the ladder of all that you desire. It is yours to have.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Live your life with purpose, keep creating, keep growing , keep striving to become the best you can be!”
“If people just took it a day at a time, they'd be a lot happier.”
“Dave? this is John. Your pimp says bring the heroin shipment tonight, or he'll be forced to stick you. Meet him where we buried the Korean whore. The one without the gatee." that was code. it meant "Come to my place as soon as you can, it's important." Code, you know, in case the phone was ugged.”
“The inches we need are everywhere around us. They are in every break of the game every minute, every second.”
“To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.”
“Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.”
“We are entirely made up of dreams yearning to be lived. At every point in time, DO what you can, when you can and however you can to invest your time and efforts in your dreams; directly and without evasion.”
“Life has no remote .get up and change it yourself!”
“If something is important, it deserves to be experienced deeply.”
“No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.”
“Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.”
“To conquer fear is the best way to gain your self-confidence.”
“Respect, Love, and Value yourself. Always remember to be good to yourself by taking care of yourself. Make yourself a priority and know that it’s okay. Don’t feel guilty for loving yourself, first! You’re just as important as anybody else.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“The mind is like a restless monkey, but with practice and detachment, it can be tamed and made peaceful.”
“The whole world's a canvas for our sketches Horizons as far as the mind stretches A work of art with soft edges Waiting to come alive Now's the time”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“Whether Jesus is feet away or miles ahead, the journey will always be worth it because God has better things in store.”
“Debt is like ice. Icebergs are dangerous, but once you apply a bit of heat (attention), the giant insurmountable force becomes something harmless that you can put in a cup and drink.”
“Do you not then hear this horrible scream all around you that people usually call silence.”
“Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Ask yourself this question as the sun begins to fade: in a day of making choices, are you proud of what you made?”
“We have been moving along at such a fast pace that we no longer know what we are doing. Now we have to wait until our soul catches up with us.”
“I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.”
“E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.”
“The Magic all begins with YOU." "You are the company you keep." "Positivity gets Positivity back.”
“Start Now! but believe in Yourself, Take Baby Steps One Day, you’ll leave behind the Rest!”
“Seek people with whom you can either create or share your creation.”
“Life was never about survival. For a long time, it was proposed that all living organisms shared a single purpose: to survive—but this was not the appropriate case for humans. Survival was all along but a secondary basis to man, while attendance to life was the first. One must secure something to survive for, as the cells of the straightforward body will, regardless of permission, do their job. Men do not breathe without air first around to inhale. A sailor cannot know his passion for sailing without an existing body of water. Similarly, a man can only survive if there is something larger in him that lives—not a beating heart, but a moving one. If he only “holds on,” prolonging preservation and supervising health, there is nothing in that lingering lifeform to endanger or threaten. And since no system of security can defend from death’s next play, there is no use in mortals wearing armor. The essence of chance had loitered since the beginning of time, anticipating a being who adhered to its expressions. The human priority is one’s comet.”
“The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.”
“I refuse to believe that Hendrix had the last possessed hand, that Joplin had the last drunken throat, that Morrison had the last enlightened mind.”
“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
“Vulnerability is not weakness, and the uncertainty, risk, and emotional exposure we face every day are not optional. Our only choice is a question of engagement. Our willingness to own and engage with our vulnerability determines the depth of our courage and the clarity of our purpose; the level to which we protect ourselves from being vulnerable is a measure of our fear and disconnection.”
“Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are vexations to the spirit.”
“Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.”
“In every failure there is something to be gained.”
“I am just a mirror. I show your true reflection.”
“A different vantage point gives us new information, and with that information we can begin to change our approach.”
“Being interesting isn't important. But being happy is. As well as being a person you're proud of”
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”
“Some people die today to live tomorrow.”
“Any dream can come true if we have the courage to pursue it with zeal and persistence.”
“Take courage, my heart: you have been through worse than this. Be strong, saith my heart; I am a soldier; I have seen worse sights than this.”
“‎As I get older I see that running has changed for me. What used to be about burning calories is now more about burning up what is false. Lies I used to tell myself about who I was and what I could do, friendships that cannot withstand hills or miles, the approval I no longer need to seek, and solidarity that cannot bear silence. I run to burn up what I don't need and ignite what I do.”
“When purpose is not known, abuse is inevitable”
“And we don’t always know it or understand it at the time, in the season, but nothing grows without a good amount of dirt.”
“Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.”
“To correct them is good, but it will be better to encourage them to change.”
“‗In life, at sometime or another we come to a point where all relationships cease—where there is only us and Allah. There are no parents, brother or sister, or any friend. Then we realise that there is no earth under us nor is there sky above, but only Allah who is supporting us in this emptiness. Then we realise our worth – it is not more than a grain of sand or the leaf of a plant. Then we realise our existence is only confined to our being. Our demise makes not a whit of difference to the world around us, nor to the scheme of things.”
“Facts? What are facts? I only know imagination!”
“Our duty is to call on God, his duty is to respond at the right time.”
“Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.”
“If people can choose against GOD thier CREATOR don't think they won't choose against you.”
“I was good and bad, but never wicked.”
“Without trials, there is no trust in the trustworthy Lord.”
“Little Engine That Could - "I think I can. I think I can. I think I can. I know I can.”
“If you derive joy in destroying others, you won't go far in life.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“Keep trying, don't stop, no matter how slow you move.”
“Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail ”
“When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray”
“Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.”
“We've also evolved the ability to simply 'pay it forward': I help you, somebody else will help me. I remember hearing a parable when I was younger, about a father who lifts his young son onto his back to carry him across a flooding river. 'When I am older,' said the boy to his father, 'I will carry you across this river as you now do for me.' 'No, you won't,' said the father stoically. 'When you are older you will have your own concerns. All I expect is that one day you will carry your own son across this river as I no do for you.' Cultivating this attitude is an important part of Humanism--to realize that life without God can be much more than a series of strict tit-for-tat transactions where you pay me and I pay you back. Learning to pay it forward can add a tremendous sense of meaning and dignity to our lives. Simply put, it feels good to give to others, whether we get back or not.”
“Once our imagination starts collapsing and the fragrant blossoms of our inspiration are wilting, petal after petal, our awareness may shake to its foundations, but nothing might deter us if we find the strength to rediscover the path back to the undifferentiated groundedness of our being and the essence of our roots. ("One drink after work.")”
“Being a Dream Girl is never going to be about what you look like or how much you weigh. After all, our physical appearances are just reflections of our inner worlds. What makes you a Dream Girl is your emotional sensitivity, your self-awareness, and your ability to communicate who you are effectively and compassionately in the world.”
“The journey of making the right decision begins with making the wrong decision.”
“Children betrayed their parents by becoming their own people.”
“There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.”
“It's not that some people have willpower and some don't  It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.”
“Habits stay with you even when you don’t have the motivation.”
“But imagine,” said Mars, “being a comet. I want you to imagine a divine force in someone that pushes them through the world, infinitely, in each choice, melting barriers in its own perfect path, out your mouth, out from your hands, across countries, through rooms—” “—through terror—” “—past regulations—” “—past people—” “—every time—” “—every day ” “Their life would go so much further,” continued Mars, “so much—as if absorbing hundreds and hundreds of years of ordinary life experience while still their real age. If death is no secret, why do we hunch? That doesn’t make sense to me. I don’t get the hunching! We retreat even when we always know the most favorable thing to do. If you took every risk, you’d have everything. You’d have all that was all.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“Anxiety and depression cannot be easily treated if the sufferer has unpredictable daily routines.”
“Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all.”
“People change for two main reasons: either their minds have been opened or their hearts have been broken”
“We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.”
“Sounds travel through space long after their wave patterns have ceased to be detectable by the human ear: some cut right through the ionosphere and barrel on out into the cosmic heartland, while others bounce around, eventually being absorbed into the vibratory fields of earthly barriers, but in neither case does the energy succumb; it goes on forever - which is why we, each of us, should take pains to make sweet notes.”
“Don’t Let it Get You Down, It’s Never Too Late to Build a Dream”
“The greatest test you will ever face is mastering yourself.”
“Sometimes I wore smiles but didn’t feel them. Sometimes I felt them and didn’t wear them. I didn’t want her to know how much I craved this. I bit my bottom lip.”
“A man must wage war on himself to defeat his weaknesses and conquer his strengths”
“Live your life as if every day is an adventure.”
“Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.”
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
“I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.”
“I think joy and sweetness and affection are a spiritual path. We're here to know God, to love and serve God, and to be blown away by the beauty and miracle of nature. You just have to get rid of so much baggage to be light enough to dance, to sing, to play. You don't have time to carry grudges; you don't have time to cling to the need to be right.”
“[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.”
“The path you feel most called to travel on, is the most secure and protected route. Trust your inner compass.”
“There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.”
“Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.”
“If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time. -Speech at Clinton, Illinois, September 8, 1854.”
“No matter what happens between us I want you to feel love. No matter what happens between us I want you to rise above.”
“Great leadership is always coupled with the mindset, motivation, and momentum of great service”
“Women, they have minds, and they have souls, as well as just hearts. And they’ve got ambition, and they’ve got talent, as well as just beauty. I’m so sick of people saying that love is all a woman is fit for.”
“I think i should get love inked on my skin. Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.”
“Set aside a specific time each day to meditate and tune into what your soul's wisdom has to share about the topic you are currently exploring. You can do this by simply connecting with your breath, softening your heart, and opening to whatever is revealed to you.”
“God can turn the impossibile into possibilities. Possibilities become opportunities. Opportunities leads us one step closer to our dreams!”
“Do What You Want; these are the 4 most frightening words brought to us by the Connection Revolution. If you want to sing, sing. If you want to lead, lead. If you want touch, connect, describe, disrupt, give, support, build, question—Do It. You will not be picked. But, if you want to pick yourself—go for it. The cost is that you own the results.”
“True enough. I say this all the time. Trez looked at his hands. “I didn’t ask for this.” “No one asks for life.” The executioner hiked iAm’s body up higher. “And sometimes they do not ask for death ”
“The difference between vampires and angels? Angels are real.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.”
“Yesterday exists in our memories, today is our present and tomorrow has yet to appear. Today is the step you take towards your goals.”
“All paths are present, always  and we can but choose among them.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems.”
“How strange is man that when he is afraid of something he runs away from it, but when he is afraid of Allah, he gets closer to Him.”
“If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door.”
“You deserve to create what’s in you to create.”
“Do not compromise yourself and put your goodness in the same impermanent category as whatever circumstance happening. Be the best you in every circumstance.”
“Teachers have three loves: love of learning, love of learners, and the love of bringing the first two loves together.”
“Crying, laughing, and screaming are expressions that result from felt emotions. Express yourself in the manner that is most comfortable to you.”
“Be the change you want to see in the world”
“Just like the artist chooses the clay, God chose you specifically to do the purpose He has in mind for you.”
“Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when u don't sleep before fulfilling them.”
“What would come, would come and you would have to meet it, when it did.”
“Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.”
“It not clothes that unfit you it you not doing it.”
“Between the pillars of the known and unknown, there are millions of perceptions.”
“If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.”
“We are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams, Wandering by lone sea-breakers, And sitting by desolate streams. World-losers and world-forsakers, Upon whom the pale moon gleams; Yet we are the movers and shakers, Of the world forever, it seems.”
“You are the entire ocean in a drop, not just a drop in the sea.”
“I didn't learn anything while I was talking.”
“When you have nothing, you are open to limitless possibilities. You can be anything. You can do anything.”
“The physical world we live in is just the beginning.”
“I don't so much mind looking back on having lost the election, or having been denied a role in the play, or having had my novel repeatedly rejected, or having been turned down for a date, or recalling laughter at my expense when I attempted some silly challenge.  Those things simply prove that I lived life.  What I do mind, however, is looking back on the lost opportunities where imagined concerns kept me from even trying—lose or win.  I've learned that there is no regret in a brave attempt, only in cowering to fear.”
“When you accept the status quo, you become resistant to progress and change. Let not the contentment of your past successes stop you from achieving bigger and better goals. To push yourself up the ladder, to make things occur at a larger scale, you will have to rock the boat, ruffle some feathers and challenge the present circumstances.”
“I wouldn’t trade what I have accomplished alone for whatever I would have done if I had conformed to their standards. Without them, I became passionate. Strong. Determined. Without them, I became successful. I became who I wanted to be. They missed out, not me. So why would I miss them, what could they possibly bring in my life that I didn’t achieve for myself?”
“Control leads to compliance; autonomy leads to engagement.”
“When the green-eyed monster strikes, it’s how you use that feeling that will make all the difference. Don’t let it turn into envy—use it to power your fire! Find somebody who has what you desire and study their journey—don't judge them on their success, but learn from it.”
“What is now proved was once only imagined.”
“When I find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be. And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be. Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it be. And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree, there will be an answer, let it be. For though they may be parted there is still a chance that they will see, there will be an answer. let it be. Let it be, let it be,  .. And when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me, shine until tomorrow, let it be. I wake up to the sound of music, mother Mary comes to me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be. Let it be, let it be,  ..”
“Bill Gates (and his successor at Microsoft, Ray Ozzie) are famous for taking annual reading vacations. During the year they deliberately cultivate a stack of reading material—much of it unrelated to their day-to-day focus at Microsoft—and then they take off for a week or two and do a deep dive into the words they’ve stockpiled. By compressing their intake into a matter of days, they give new ideas additional opportunities to network among themselves, for the simple reason that it’s easier to remember something that you read yesterday than it is to remember something you read six months ago.”
“Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.”
“Don't give up the fight, Stand up for your rights.”
“Challenge your beliefs to make room for new possibilities.”
“Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. In other words, a wish is a good place to start but then you have to get off your butt and make it happen. You have to pick up a quill and write your own damn story. (Mimi Wallingford)”
“Believe you can, and you're halfway there.”
“No such thing as spare time, no such thing as free time. No such thing as down time. All you got is life time”
“Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.”
“Breath puts a sliver of light between impact and reflex. That’s the endgame of all that meditation-breathing stuff: interrupting knee-jerk impulsivity.”
“God bless the people who give everything and ask for nothing in return. May you have and find the most perfect things in this world.”
“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
“Tap into your inner Viking!”
“It is very tough to climb a mountain. However, it is not as tough as convincing yourself that you can climb it.”
“Your dreams have an expiration date if you don’t act on them.”
“The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.”
“Although the moon appears alone in the sky, it shines brightly enough to light up the darkest of nights and guide us on our way.”
“How would your life be different if You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!”
“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. " Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”
“You are sanity, you are sentience, You are the lifeforce of destiny. You are conscience, you are concord, You are the end of animosity.”
“Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.”
“Just like how countless stars did, always in the same spot you will shine brightly on your own.”
“It takes a lifetime to build a name, and yet one day is enough to flush it down the toilet.”
“Exude power when you should, not when you can !!”
“Is not Hope the other name of Expectation? Perhaps the only difference is that it is not the Expectation from something or someone but from the One who makes Everything and Everyone. And that, that very difference makes all the Difference in the World.”
“So many leaders are bound by a contract to lead when it should be bound by your choice to lead.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“We each receive guidance in whatever form we are most open to at any given moment.”
“In the storm, call on God, the Saviour to save you.”
“Yeah, I was lame but I never stopped walking.”
“Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing.”
“Any ideas, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought”
“..your ambition is your beauty,”
“It is true that the charms, temptations and attractions of the world are very powerful, but a burning desire for enlightenment does not allow an aspirant to be distracted from his path.”
“We must accept our current circumstances before we can change them.”
“The problem about cutting out the best of your heart and giving it to people, is that 1. It hurts to do that; and 2. You never know if they are going to throw it away or not. But then you should still do it. Because any other way is cowardice. At the end of the day, it's about being brave and we are only haunted by the ghosts that we trap within ourselves; we are not haunted by the ghosts that we let out. We are haunted by the ghosts that we cover and hide. So you let those ghosts out in that best piece of your heart that you give to someone. And if the other person throws it away? Or doesn't want it to begin with? Someone else will come along one day, cut out from his/her heart that exact same jagged shape that you cut out of your own heart, and make their piece of heart fit into the rest of yours. Wait for that person. And you can fill their missing piece with your soul.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“Do pushups, so if you fall down you can get up fast, do pullups, so you can pull yourself over a fence if need be, do sit ups, so you can get out of bed in a hurry, do squats, so you can jump up with power, do calf raises, so you can climb hills like a young roe, and run, run so you can out pace the enemy, and fast while the food is plenteous so you'll be prepared when the food is none.”
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”
“In the realm of adventure, limitations cease to exist, and the possibilities become boundless.”
“Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.”
“Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.”
“The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.”
“Empathy is the ability to step outside of your own bubble and into the bubbles of other people. Empathy is the ability that allows us to be useful creatures on this planet; without empathy, we are a waste of oxygen in this world. Without empathy, we are lower than animals. Empathy is the ability that allows us the perception of things around us, outside of ourselves; so a person without empathy is a limited human being, someone who will only live half of a life.”
“When people say they laugh often together, it could indicate an easy feeling between the connection of their energies. Or it could simply indicate that there are no serious issues to discuss.”
“If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.”
“You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down”
“I do like the world quite a lot.”
“Make the most of yourself .for that is all there is of you.”
“Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.”
“When you label yourself a victim, you compel those around you to pay homage to your victimhood. Don’t do that.”
“A wise person understands the value in asking questions.”
“I will not fall into the trap of being told to eat more and then being called fat at the same party. Only I control what I eat and how I feel about my body.”
“The philosophies of men surround us. The face of sin today often wears the mask of tolerance. Do not be deceived; behind that facade is heartache, unhappiness, and pain. You know what is right and what is wrong, and no disguise, however appealing, can change that. Be the one to make a stand for right, even if you stand alone. Have the moral courage to be a light for others to follow.”
“No one rises to low expectations”
“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. Your potential is limitless, and the only thing holding you back is your own belief in your abilities. Breathe, deeply, and allow your true potential to awaken, exhale deeply and let your breath guide you towards a life of meaning and fulfillment, a life you deserve.”
“If you give up now, it won’t hurt anyone. By the same token… if you keep at it, it won’t hurt anyone either.”
“We don't meet people face to face, But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“We all have 10,000 bad drawings in us. The sooner we get them out the better.”
“Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.”
“It takes courage and strength to take a long, hard look at who you are, what you want out of this life, and how to make it happen.”
“A true winner doesn't need alarms to wake up!”
“The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration. ”
“The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”
“The only thing you have to do in this life is to toil.”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“A part of you dies when you lose something precious, but don’t give up on the experience of love. You might just find it again, waiting in the tall grass beneath a starry sky.”
“Start even if you don't know how.”
“The winds of change whisper that tomorrow holds wonders we cannot yet conceive.”
“Don't take my word for it! I challenge you to do your own homework.”
“Through the process of maturation, we drive toward a sense of independence and slowly detach ourselves from our families – paving our own path through individuality, friendships, romantic endeavors.”
“Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.”
“People don’t argue to find out the truth anymore. People will settle for winning momentary discussions, never minding the nuances within every topic they superficially defend with indomitable passion.”
“You pay God a compliment by asking great things of Him.”
“It's not enough knowing that you can walk on water, Peter. You have to get out of the boat.”
“There is nothing I fear as much as idleness - unemployment - inertia - lethargy of the faculties - when the body is idle, the spirit suffers cruelly”
“I dream my painting and I paint my dream.”
“My life's vision is to set an example for the youth”
“Food is not merely a means of satiating our hunger, but a source of sustenance that fuels our existence.”
“Courage doesn't mean feeling no fear, it means having the strength to carry on despite it. When you face your fears, you gain control of your life. Don't be afraid to take the first step and show the world what you've got!”
“Believe in yourself and be brave enough to take risks, and you'll find that life is full of endless possibilities.”
“The real power lies in being able to focus”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“Underneath all the skin, we're all the same. If you're an underdog, mentally disabled, physically disabled, if you don't fit in, if you're not as pretty as the others, you can still be a hero.”
“Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.”
“A man who has come to the full realization of his responsibility to men won't stick to one man. It will be foolhardy if he does that.”
“Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”
“As a leader, my job as a CEO is Culture + Excellence Officer. My team are proffessionals, they know their job. I just maintain culture and drive excellence.”
“Want to make waves in the business world? Then you gotta be bold, take risks, and always be ready to pivot.”
“Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.”
“Be grateful to God every year you live.”
“Because people don't have wings  We look for ways to fly.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Librarians are tour-guides for all of knowledge.”
“There's nothing more inspiring than the complexity and beauty of the human heart.”
“To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
“I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.”
“Intellect tangles and knots people, but love and compassion dissolve all tangles.”
“We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right”
“Something deep inside calls us to adventure and to brave the unknown   There is a bit of wilderness within all of us.”
“To enjoy someone's company, there be two way committed communication.”
“The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.”
“If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example.”
“I will be generous with my love today. I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go. I will do this knowing that my words are like seeds and when they fall on fertile soil, a reflection of those seeds will grow into something greater.”
“Just because you've presented yourself as this person for a large amount of time, doesn't mean that you have to remain that way. You have the freedom to completely transform in all ways.”
“Freedom is a place, an area. It's a higher place. There are some other people that are here, and things that are here which are unseen. But you first have to set yourself free and believe in what you cannot see, believe that there is something more out there. In freedom can be found many devotions: a devotion to love, a desire to believe, a willingness to be happy, a perseverance to have peace. All these unseen things breathe and grow in the unseen soul. A free person is not an uncommitted person, but in a free person you will find a deep devotion, and a desire to be devoted to even more.”
“Bear all things with brevity.”
“Failure and rejections are just words. It is your choice to go ahead and be a champion or to just cry whole life.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Nothing else matters except sitting down every day and trying…Because when we sit down day after day and keep grinding, something mysterious starts to happen… we become like a magnetized rod that attracts iron filings. Ideas come. insights accrete.”
“If you want to be happy, let go of your anger and bitterness and embrace kindness, compassion, faith, and love.”
“People fall in love because they have some unfinished business from past lives.”
“The study of history is the best medicine for a sick mind; for in history you have a record of the infinite variety of human experience plainly set out for all to see: and in that record you can find for yourself and your country both examples and warnings: fine things to take as models, base things, rotten through and through, to avoid.”
“For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
“You are strong enough to survive the fall”
“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”
“Learn to live and fight alone.”
“God created the soul pure, simple and clean of all stain of sin, with a certain beatific instinct towards Himself whence original sin, which the soul finds in itself, draws it away, and when actual is added to original sin the soul is drawn yet further away. The further it departs from its beatific instinct, the more malignant it becomes because it corresponds less to God.”
“Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.”
“Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
“Without the charity of christ birth, can there be any Christmas?”
“Be like the sun; never let the opinions of those who hate you dull your shine.”
“Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.”
“In the name of look beautiful help the world by being beautiful inside and out to avoid confusion.”
“The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.”
“You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“I’m not the one you need to be scared of,” said the failure. I just smiled and whistled my favorite song.”
“When I walk into the wild, I leave behind the world’s noise and chaos and enter a realm of simplicity and marvel.”
“There is nothing stronger than gentleness.”
“Failure is an event, never a person.”
“It is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything.”
“I dreamed I spoke in another's language, I dreamed I lived in another's skin, I dreamed I was my own beloved, I dreamed I was a tiger's kin. I dreamed that Eden lived inside me, And when I breathed a garden came, I dreamed I knew all of Creation, I dreamed I knew the Creator's name. I dreamed--and this dream was the finest-- That all I dreamed was real and true, And we would live in joy forever, You in me, and me in you.”
“Let your playerhaters be your motivators.”
“For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.”
“Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.”
“Each of us in this physical life will go through three phases of Rebirth to live life to the fullest. The first Rebirth is when we come to this material world to experience human life in the physical form. The second Rebirth is when we are reborn again in the inner eternal light of our pure Soul essence. The third Rebirth is to be reborn in true divine love with a True Soulmate. Many will stop at the first Rebirth journey, some will continue on the second Rebirth journey, and very few will experience the third Rebirth in a lifetime. The choice and decision lie within each of us”
“The Son of a vacuum Among the tall trees he sat lost, broken, alone again, among a number of illegal immigrants, he raised his head to him without fear, as nothing in this world is worth attention. -He said: I am not a hero; I am nothing but a child looking for Eid. The Turkmen of Iraq, are the descendants of Turkish immigrants to Mesopotamia through successive eras of history. Before and after the establishment of the Ottoman Empire, countries crossed from here, and empires that were born and disappeared, and still, preserve their Turkish identity. Although, after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the division of the Arab world, they now live in one of its countries. Kirkuk, one of the heavens of God on earth, is one of the northern governorates of Iraq in which they live. The Kurdish race is shared with them, a race out of many in Iraq. Two children of two different ethnicities, playing in a village square in Kirkuk province when the news came from Baghdad, of a new military coup. Without delay, Saddam Hussein took over the reins of power, and faster than that, Iraq was plunged into successive wars that began in 1980 with its neighbor Iran, a war that lasted eight years. Iraq barely rested for two years, and in the third, a new war in Kuwait, which did not end in the best condition as the leader had hoped, as he was expelled from it after the establishment of an international coalition to liberate it, led by the United States of America. Iraq entered a new phase of suffering, a siege that lasted more than ten years, and ended up with the removal of Saddam Hussein from his power followed by the US occupation of it in 2003. As the father goes, he returns from this road, there is no way back but from it. As the date approaches, the son stands on the back of that hill waiting for him to return. From far away he waved a longing, with a bag of dreams in his hands, a bag of candy in his pocket, and a poem of longing by a Turkmen poet who absorb Arabic, whose words danced on his lips, in his heart. -When will you come back, dad? -On the Eid, wait for me on the hill, you will see me coming from the road, waving, carrying your gifts. The father bid his son farewell to the Arab Shiite city of Basra, on the border with Iran, after the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war, as the homeland is calling its men, or perhaps the leader is calling his subjects. In Iraq, as in many countries of the Arab world, the homeland is the leader, and the leader is the homeland. Months passed, the child eagerly anticipating the coming of the feast, but the father hurried to return without an appointment, loaded on the shoulders, the passion reached its extent in the martyr’s chest, with a sheet of paper in his pocket on which he wrote: Every morning takes me nostalgic for you, to the jasmine flower, oh, melody in the heart, oh balm I sip every while, To you, I extend a hand and a fire that ignites in the soul a buried love, night shakes me with tears in my eyes, my longing for you has shaped me into dreams, stretching footsteps to the left and to the right, gleam, calling out for me, you scream, waking me up to the glimpse of the light of life in your face, a thousand sparkles, in your eyes, a meaning of survival, a smile, and a glace, Eid comes to you as a companion, without, life yet has no trace, for roses, necklaces of love, so that you amaze. -Where is Ruslan? On the morning of the feast day, at the door of his house, the kids asked his mother, -with tears in her eyes: He went to meet his father. A moment of silence fell over the children, -Raman, with a little gut: Aunt, do you mean he went to the cemetery? -Mother: He went to meet him at those hills.”
“Approach each day with positivity and an eagerness to learn.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.”
“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
“Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.”
“Embrace your desires and strive for greatness, but do so with grace and ease. Be kind to yourself, and understand that setbacks are a natural part of any journey.”
“Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.”
“With each passing moment, an infinity of potentialities become just one reality, your life narrowing with each tick of the clock.”
“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”
“If You Think Like God, You Will Create New Things, While You think Like Devil, You Will Destroy Everything”
“When you find yourself completely and utterly idle, move.”
“She will always wear her crown, regardless of the hate.”
“Life is not a fantasy; it is a reality. Therefore, avoid any form of fallacy.”
“Don’t be depressed about a ‘misfortune,’ because it could be a ‘fortune.”
“We're all capable of more, don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Keep chasing those dreams, through hard work you'll eventually catch them.”
“When you can leave the past behind you, the future vividly awaits”
“ try to remember that dreams do come true, but they don't come easily.”
“The Journey of A Thousand Miles begins with a Single Step”
“Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.”
“He won't listen to the music, and I can't turn it off.”
“Dear Superwoman, If you want to feel bad, keep looking back, but if you want to feel good, look at the better opportunities that lie ahead.”
“Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live.”
“If we thought God's imagination and creativity for earth were astounding, just wait until God creates the New Heaven and New Earth!”
“Success necessitates sacrifice.”
“Growth was often written in eraser.”
“Mountains are moved through persistence push.”
“Life is a mystery, and it should be so, for the sorrow that accompanies being human and the choices one will have to make are a burden, too heavy for most to know before their time comes.”
“When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy.”
“Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.”
“Certain situations need a Jedi-like approach. One of these is when you are in a strange environment, usually where you feel unsure of yourself. You would be surprised how, if you walk with confidence and meaning, people will see this as a mark of confidence, yet you are perhaps shaking inside but outwardly you have the gait of a confident Jedi Knight.”
“Though the physical appearance changes, the soul remains constant. In this way, everything changes around us, but nothing ever changes. The essence was always the same.”
“Ninety percent of everything you believe you can achieve in life you will.”
“and i said to my body. softly. ‘i want to be your friend.’ it took a long breath. and replied ‘i have been waiting my whole life for this.”
“Your beliefs will be the light by which you see, but they will not be what you see and they will not be a substitute for seeing.”
“What is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.”
“You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say.”
“What are five things you are grateful for? Right now? Open to gratitude and you will soften into joy.”
“Life is not a competition, it's a cocreation.”
“We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.”
“Grateful souls focus on the happiness and abundance present in their lives and this in turn attracts more abundance and joy towards them.”
“Businesses have to stop thinking like a companies or corporations, we have to start thinking like customers. People is always the purpose for our business”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Unrealistic dreams can lead you to incredible success.”
“Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.”
“We live in an era and times where fun is overrated, most of the activities and things that will put bread on your table will not be fun. Probably only 1% of the people on the planet earth have fun while winning their daily bread, and they are always on the TV and on social media telling others about having fun watching them.”
“Work is the only antidote to weakness.”
“Language has the power to weave inspiration into the fabric of our souls, painting vibrant pictures in our minds.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“The point of simple living, for me has got to be: A soft place to land A wide margin of error Room to breathe Lots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day”
“Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.”
“Happiness is the only thing worth fighting for in life.”
“The greatest leaders in the world fight cognitive bias by developing 'rules to live by' and carefully following predetermined routines to maximize efficiency and control of their environment”
“In our worldly perceptions of Jesus, we tend to embrace the kindness of his love ('be encouraged') but not the discipline of his love ('and sin no more'). But with the whole scope of his love, or maturity in Christ, we begin relying on him for guidance where we would prefer him to walk beside us rather than behind us.”
“Arithmetic is the death of story.”
“Everyone makes mistake.. Type of mistake gives the perspective of Seriousness.”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.”
“Peace may be hard to achieve, but is possible with small yet essential steps that are guided by courage and sufficient commitment.”
“Success for you is a RECIPE that ONLY YOU KNOW the ingredients for.So to you I say ,COOK UP the success that ONLY YOU know how to make and allow the world to see YOUR CREATION!”
“To believe in miracles in one thing to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.”
“Life will allow you to meet cruel people at some point. When the unexpected happens, learn to be strong.”
“Tearing down the rest of the world won't make you happy. Look inside yourself. Because finding who you were meant to be? What you were put into this world to do? That's what fills the emptiness. It's the only things that can.”
“Be so good they can't ignore you”
“She is worth more than a business deal, much more than an employment contract. She is a woman of virtue.”
“You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.”
“Grub Street turns out good things almost as often as Parnassus. For if a writer is hard up enough, if he’s far down enough (down where I have been and am rising from, I am really saying), he can’t afford self-doubt and he can’t let other people’s opinions, even a father’s, keep him from writing.”
“Intent is my precursor one half breath and I am realized. My goal is my full breath ~”
“Time is my friend when it doesn't let the bad moments stay but it becomes my enemy when it lets the good moments pass by.”
“A path doesn’t appear on its own. We’ve to make it and we can make it.”
“It is better to be respected than it is to be popular. Popularity ends on yearbook day, but respect lasts forever.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.”
“[ ] what's the use of lying down to die as long as we can stand up and walk.”
“Overnight success stories are not the entire story”
“If I hadn't encountered the trials and hadn't experienced the soul-destroying agony that almost put me in the grave, I would never have collided with destiny.”
“And empty words are evil.”
“I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”
“I’ve always hated the “Who are you?" question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why we’re on earth. You can’t answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“If you want to be, be positive, there is too much scope, these days.”
“Live  More than your neighbors. Unleash yourself upon the world and go places. Go now. Giggle no,laugh.”
“Don't get discouraged in times of difficulties.”
“When the going gets tough, the tough get going”
“Truly, it is in the darkness that one finds a light”
“Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies.”
“People need not fear the unknown if they have a capable of achieving what they need and what”
“Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”
“When God throws something your way, catch it!”
“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
“My motto is that you can’t always control what happens to you in life, but you can control your reaction.”
“There are reasons we congregate in these hot spots- to worship beauty and to feel its effects light up the electrolytes in the bloodstream.”
“You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.”
“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
“The movie Koyaanisqatsi shows non-commented time-lapse footage and focuses our attention on the very rhythm of our civilized modern life and nature. A marijuana high can do something for a user similar to what this time-lapse footage does. The enhancement of episodic memory and the acceleration of associative streams of memories can alter and enhance our recognition of patterns in our lives in various ways. If we are presented with quick associative chains of past experiences, we can see a pattern in a body of information that is usually not at once presented to our “inner eye” as such.”
“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
“His (Samuel Coleridge) dark senses were constantly in play, the frustration of them bringing illness. Weather and organic nature combined in a synaesthetic multi-media event, and this was the ground of all perception before it was divded up in daily living: the Primary Imagination giving way to the Secondary. Poetry was forever seeking a conscious return to this state, which existed all the time, whether he knew it or not.”
“Self -pity is the worst form of poison. It kills a person without the person realizing it ~ Aarush Kashyap”
“What you’re good at is important, for sure, but what you love is the greatest motivator you have.”
“I may not be where I want to be but I'm thankful for not being where I used to be.”
“Almost everything is changeable, improvable, and achievable unless the laws of nature prevent it from happening.”
“Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.”
“Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.”
“One’s personhood is wholly shaped and defined by personal experiences.”
“Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.”
“Put your trust in God and allow Him to manifest it through man. Don't rush the process. Because the person you think will favour you, may not be the one God has prepared to favour you.”
“However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?”
“In the face of adversity, turn stumbling blocks into stepping stones and keep moving forward.”
“For a true artist, difficulties become opportunities and clouds become solid present.”
“Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization and can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation.”
“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”
“Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.”
“With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.”
“Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity”
“No wonder I want to be Robert Mitchum: big, strong, super-cool, with those Freon eyes of his. That's who I was pretending to be a minute ago - Robert Mitchum in Out of the Past. - Ben”
“Pray help you,to communicate with God, boost energy in spirit and soul, protect in evil, powering mind and your spiritual world.The moment you pray the trinity of God dwell in you,automatical all above things heppen to you not only you through your things house hold through your generations that how Spirit and Soul become fit as bible says.”
“Oh, monsters are scared', said Lettie. 'And as for grown-ups ' She stopped talking, rubbed her freckled nose with a finger. Then, 'I'm going to tell you something important. Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. The truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world.'   We sat there, side by side, on the old wooden bench, not saying anything. I thought about adults. I wondered if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped in adult bodies, like children's books hidden in the middle of dull, long books. The kind with no pictures or conversations.”
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
“It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.”
“One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it’s happened.”
“Everything in life is collaboration, if you learn this one skill you will grow consistently in your life”
“Our biggest regrets are not for the things we have done but for the things we haven't done”
“We are each gifted in a unique way. But success in finding great applications for our gifts hinges on the power of our courage to steer clear of the trap of evaluating our significance by how we rank in comparison to others.”
“Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.”
“New babies great world by crying and all living things express thier feeling with it what that means crying is connection network from Earth to Heaven we passing message of live, pain,trouble &happiness, same tears make God stand up in Heaven,from the bible before Jesus Christ crusified cried blood tears that doesn't stop crusified process but it gave him strength to fullfill his mission, God himself command woman to teacher their doughters to cry.Who's the most crier? women ask yourself if you not do it, did you alive or not how do you connect with God and people?Free tip direct your cries to God his the one who call it in order to answer it when the Earth in mess, he says when his people called by his name cried he will hear from Heaven and heal the Land.”
“It’s been said that legends are those who shape change into greatness; shaping change is one of the hallmarks of genius.”
“Sometimes life can give you more than expected - a baker's dozen is thirteen!”
“He was the rarest of things, a Republican with sex appeal.”
“According to this law [the law of Dharma], you have a unique talent and a unique way of expressing it. There is something that you can do better than anyone else in the whole world--and for every unique talent and unique expression of that talent, there are also unique needs. When these needs are matched with the creative expression of your talent, that is the spark that creates affluence. Expressing your talents to fulfill needs creates unlimited wealth and abundance.”
“Adversity is a natural part of being human. It is the height of arrogance to prescribe a moral code or health regime or spiritual practice as an amulet to keep things from falling apart. Things do fall apart. It is in their nature to do so. When we try to protect ourselves from the inevitability of change, we are not listening to the soul. We are listening to our fear of life and death, our lack of faith, our smaller ego's will to prevail. To listen to your soul is to stop fighting with life--to stop fighting when things fall apart; when they don't go our away, when we get sick, when we are betrayed or mistreated or misunderstood. To listen to the soul is to slow down, to feel deeply, to see ourselves clearly, to surrender to discomfort and uncertainty and to wait.”
“When you walk in silence your excellence will always speak for you.”
“On your way to success, you will occasionally meet those who are not impressed by what you do. Keep going; do not be bothered by their opinions. Life is not about impressing everyone. It is about having goals and actualizing them, whether others are impressed or unimpressed.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience, Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“An empowered sense of self-love means you truly love and accept yourself as you would a treasured lover or a sweet, wonderful child, and that you do this from a place of strength of character and belief in yourself.”
“As Dostoevski said: 'Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared with love in dreams.”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“Faith UP! Your purpose is GREATER than all your PROBLEMS.”
“To put meaning in one's life may end in madness, But life without meaning is the torture Of restlessness and vague desire-- It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.”
“Follow the urge to transition from one phase of your life to the next. Whether this is inside or outside work, it’s time for intentional transformation to take place.”
“You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.”
“Take your time investing so much emotion into other people's behavior. Many philosophies instruct us never to become invested in the behavior of others.”
“•	That angelic melody painted a canvas on the air, the notes drew a golden path from its source and directly into my ears.”
“Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!”
“A life without regret can be attained by full awareness of one's actions in their present moment.”
“Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.”
“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.”
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.”
“University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.”
“Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“Humans, unlike Jedi, are powerfully afraid of rejection. We do not survive well alone, so humans as a species are especially vulnerable to thoughts that make us afraid the rest of the “tribe” will desert us to die a sad, lonely death.”
“Consistency, not gurus. Discipline, not motivation. Action, not information, is the key.”
“Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.”
“Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!”
“We are mathematical equations where your life is the sum of all choices you've made until now. The good news is you can change the equation so that you start making a difference in your life.”
“Take your time when mastering a new skill.”
“It is never late, you can start the movement now, the provisions have been made, the price has been paid and the gifts have been packaged. Are you willing to change?”
“To kill it you must finding your body shape with tailors help or tape measurements and follow it with your outfit like clothes that match your body structure .”
“I have chosen entrepreneurship over music, singing, acting and art because there is hustle everywhere but that hustle is for your own achievements, only entrepreneurship is something where you try to make other people successful.”
“After the city of Nis, that is a bad road,” the manager said. “There are mountains on either side which experience rockslides. The government cannot maintain it well. A river run close alongside the road, which floods in spring, but that should not trouble you now, but there are no guardrails, so you must watch carefully for potential washouts. There are steep grades and blind curves, which are not signaled in advance… You truly take your life in your hands up there. And there is no one to come to your assistance should you need it. Now tell me, where are you going to spend the night? “In Skopje.” “Well, be sure to get there before nightfall. Do not drive at night. There are bandits in those mountains. They would love to get their hands on a motorcycle like yours.” “Bandits? Really, I asked, hardly believing. “Yes. They learned from being partisans during the war. Some never stopped being outlaws.”
“The progression of time is inevitable nor can we control it; but we can control what we do within the time available to us.”
“If you think love is a game . You will lose .”
“I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.”
“Make the most of every moment.”
“Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.”
“It takes a huge effort to free yourself from memory”
“Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.”
“You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.”
“Darkness will always be a servant of light.”
“Veld, that space within most South African hearts that mirrors the open expanse of land where the greatness of life resides in the vastness of grasslands captured in the imaginations of wanderers and adventurer seekers alike when we stop our overthinking and optimize our ability to enjoy life’s unscripted moments that are wide-open and usually – right in front of us. Veld, a word for the miracle of newness and the appreciation for the life that is waiting to be lived, one grass blade at a time, and a lesson for humans in appreciating the fullness of life’s abundance when we slowdown the pace of our own world to absorb the miracles happening all around us – at any given moment. Veld, although this word literally means an open expanse, that is what life around us is truly about – an open expanse of miracles just waiting on us for our sense to mature… The magic of South Africa, a spell that will leave your heart as open as the veld and the expanse beyond that. A lesson in feeling small…”
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”
“Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.”
“Silence It has a sound, a fullness. It's heavy with sigh of tree, and space between breaths. It's ripe with pause between birdsong and crash of surf. It's golden they say. But no one tells us it's addictive.”
“The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.”
“A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.”
“Me, I want to bloody kick this moronic bloody world in the bloody teeth over and over till it bloody understands that not hurting people is ten bloody thousand times more bloody important than being right .”
“Throughout our lives, we will come to accrue an audience of individuals who share a platform of commonality, such as - interests, experiences, thoughts, and emotions. We call them friends.”
“The good thing about being old, is you don’t have to worry about dying young.”
“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
“People oppose you when you uncomfort them… When you don't reciprocate their actions. Or when you point their guilt. They tell bad things about you exaggerating. You can tell more bad things about them but you don't do it… to be positive”
“Success doesn’t just happen; it doesn’t pot out on its own. Success is all about the choices you make. It’s a balancing act between what to choose and what not to.”
“I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled [poets] to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.”
“We may have hobbies that spur a great deal of passion, where we toil hours on end to obtain a sense of perfection.”
“Talk to me about some real truths; the ones that leave you wanting more. Talk to me about a girl who said she'd never love again; only now to be so wrapped up in it. Talk to me about a boy who never thought he deserved a love like hers; consumed hopelessly by the very thought of a life with her. Now, talk to me about how the universe continues to keep them together; tied up in knots holding onto each other. I've heard so many truths about love but, theirs was so different. Maybe because the whole universe needed them to be whole again and it did whatever it needed to make sure they were never apart.”
“To be in your children's memories tomorrow, You have to be in their lives today.”
“Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?" "In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.”
“When you focus on solving the big problems of this world, you will eventually find big solutions for those problems.”
“Exercising an awareness for the present moment ensures nothing in our lives is missed.”
“My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.”
“Be so focused on your journey to the point that the devil starts fasting and praying because of you.”
“What fire does not destroy, it hardens”
“According to the calendar, seasons change every 3 months; But in life, a single season can be years long… Embrace each season.”
“Some used drugs to silence the pain, others used them to feel the pain they silenced.”
“Always dream big! But if the dream doesn't realize, move on in life chasing what is possible rather than prodding over what is not!”
“I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.”
“It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.”
“If you believe that the show you’re making will improve the world, there’s nothing saying that your goals and self-interests and someone else’s goals and interests have to be mutually exclusive. They can align.”
“I was born into Bolívar's labyrinth, and so I must believe in the hope of Rabelais' Great Perhaps.”
“repeat after me: you owe no one your forgiveness. - except maybe yourself.”
“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine Excellent Runners!”
“True bliss is never experienced through the senses (Pancha jnanendriya) but exists beyond the senses.”
“The most exquisite paradox… as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can't have it. The minute you don't want power, you'll have more than you ever dreamed possible.”
“I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs”
“For the poet is a light and winged and holy thing, and there is no invention in him until he has been inspired and is out of his senses, and the mind is no longer in him: when he has not attained to this state, he is powerless and is unable to utter his oracles.”
“When you understand the value of time you will realise what you have lost in this world.”
“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”
“YOU are your own guru. YOU are your own soul mate. YOU are powerful. Take the reigns and drive your carriage home to love.”
“Your own setbacks aren’t what they first appear to be; rather than viewing them as failures, view them as learning opportunities that are the building blocks for future preparation.”
“I don't like answerable questions. They produce questionable answers.”
“The more we practice mindfulness, the more power we pull away from the enemy within us.”
“Welcome in Curve food you on my kitchen to learn deeply by Motivating and Inspired you in both sides spiritual and physical.”
“Serenity is when you get above all this, when it doesn't matter what they think, say or want, but when you do as you are, and see God and Devil as one.”
“Stand in the room. And stand with those who follow the truth.”
“I am fallen, flawed and imperfect. Yet drenched in the grace and mercy that is found in Jesus Christ, there is strength”
“If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.”
“If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.”
“The road to success is always under construction”
“Tiny changes. Remarkable results.”
“Like an orchestra of words, let your language serenade the world with inspiring melodies of wisdom and creativity.”
“No other person will ever treat you or respect you Better than yourself. The way you carry yourself sets the standard for others to do the same.”
“The luxuries of tomorrow will only come with the continued explorations of today.”
“If you posses enough courage to speak out what you are, you will find that you are not alone.”
“These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.”
“Learning to be happy in the face of unfulfilled dreams is a part of life. But when your refuge is the One with the proven track record of meeting every need at the right time, life is a joyful existence of making the best of every situation.”
“[Christ] will come again. But we must look to Scripture, not human thought, for our guide to preparing.”
“the original color of the apple -Ozcan: So, it is nothing. Imagine that we live in a world of matter, with no color, no taste, no smell, no touch, no sound. Our five senses cannot receive any information about it. So, we live in nothing, our minds decide what it is, and our need to communicate has created languages, terms, and common concepts. I may see and hear nothing but what you see and hear, but we have agreed on terms and concepts that unite us on them. Ozcan added: But nothing is still a thing, our five senses restrict us, perhaps if we had five additional senses to receive the data of this nothing, our minds would interpret it, and deal with it. We need additional senses to receive data that we do not know anything about. Ten senses, for example? Are they enough? What if the nature of this substance needs an extra sense yet? Well, a hundred senses? What if the right sense is not among them? In the end, we do not need a large number of senses, but rather the appropriate sense to receive the necessary data about this substance. The next question, Ruslan: What if we got this sense, and then our mind rejected the reality of matter for some reason? And decided not to interpret the data correctly? Or ignored it? As it often does with our five senses. -What is deafness? -A defect in the ear, due to which the mind does not receive any information about sounds. -But sometimes the mind simply decides to ignore sounds despite receiving data. When it is engaged in something, for example, sleeping, our minds often receive sounds and decide to ignore them, just like that, even though there is no hearing impairment. Sight, touch, taste, smell, the mind can ignore its input if it so desires. He looked directly into his eyes, and advanced towards him a little, he said in a tone of ambiguity: But what if we already have this appropriate sense, Ruslan, but our minds interpret their data at will. Or decided to ignore it completely for some reason. And what is this sense? Let’s agree to call it zero sense. The sense through which we can receive the data of the original color of the apple”
“Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it.”
“Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.”
“Just because it's not what you expected doesn't mean it's wrong”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness. Third should come understanding. Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
“We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.”
“Do the things you used to talk about doing but never did. Know when to let go and when to hold on tight. Stop rushing. Don't be intimidated to say it like it is. Stop apologizing all the time. Learn to say no, so your yes has some oomph. Spend time with the friends who lift you up, and cut loose the ones who bring you down. Stop giving your power away. Be more concerned with being interested than being interesting. Be old enough to appreciate your freedom, and young enough to enjoy it. Finally know who you are.”
“Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco. ”
“Physical quitting food doesn't make you finish strong you see that starch you quited? it what you need.Food is for body eat it in a right way and time limit it instead of cut it off cause the work of power sometimes you doing physical or spiritual need healthy spirit and body and life living as whole demand healthy life more than that some of works or things not belong to you belong to God so you not him get that.”
“As I embrace my individuality more and more, the Universe provides me with unlimited abundance. Blessing me with everything that I need to continue living in my authentic truth.”
“Life is easy. If you hate complications, do not complicate other people's lives.”
“Life is fair. What makes it unfair are human beings who subject others to unfair treatment.”
“Still staying fervently prayerful, for I know God is forever faithful to fulfill his promises.”
“Tears are a river that takes you somewhere…Tears lift your boat off the rocks, off dry ground, carrying it downriver to someplace better.”
“A good Athlete may not be a good Coach, likewise, a good Coach may not be a good Athlete”
“Any intensely lived emotion simply liberates us from those very emotions.”
“the more I seek Him the more I notice flowers landing next to my feet birds singing outside my window all love letters from the God who knows no coincidence”
“You are worthy of the success you desire and will make your dreams come true, ignite your fire and prepare for your breakthrough.”
“In a story you had to find a reason, but real life gets on very well without even Freudian motivations.”
“Some problems can't be solved through love -given to us or through ourselves It's okay if your problems don't have a perfect solution.”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“This 21st century is one of the luckiest century ever and i am very proud to be alive in the 21st century”
“You have dirty hands and dark wild eyes, but by far you are the purest heart I have ever known.”
“Impossible is just an opinion.”
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
“Amongst the onslaught of social noise, we continue to grow and develop our personhood.”
“Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”
“Beyond work and love, I would add two other ingredients that give meaning to life. First, to fulfill whatever talents we are born with. However blessed we are by fate with different abilities and strengths, we should try to develop them to the fullest, rather than allow them to atrophy and decay. We all know individuals who did not fulfill the promise they showed in childhood. Many of them became haunted by the image of what they might have become. Instead of blaming fate, I think we should accept ourselves as we are and try to fulfill whatever dreams are within our capability. Second, we should try to leave the world a better place than when we entered it. As individuals, we can make a difference, whether it is to probe the secrets of Nature, to clean up the environment and work for peace and social justice, or to nurture the inquisitive, vibrant spirit of the young by being a mentor and a guide.”
“Never give up. It's like breathing—once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.”
“Heads will fly all over the place, others will explode by themselves, everyone will have their chance to betray, and those who don't betray will be betrayed.”
“The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.”
“It’s more than a bath; it’s a transformative experience. You’re searching for buoyancy in the soul, and spring in your step.”
“We are not helpless Many times in our lives we’ve been powerless, but not this night. Right now we have the power to choose the manner in which we die. If you have been a master of nothing else in all your days, you are now a master of this moment. And I for one am going to give such an answer to this insult that others will dearly regret not being by my side to see it!”
“Love is something you must accept in order to have, Naomi.”
“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
“Everything is hard before it is easy”
“Of course, a sign doesn't mean anything unless you know how to interpret it.”
“LAW 4 Always Say Less Than Necessary When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.”
“When the poet Paul Valery once asked Albert Einstein if he kept a notebook to record his ideas, Einstein looked at him with mild but genuine surprise. "Oh, that's not necessary," he replied . "It's so seldom I have one.”
“POEM: "THE LORD" - Lailah Gifty Akita The Lord blesses. The Lord baptises. The Lord encourages. The Lord enlightens. The Lord edifies. The Lord empowers. The Lord heals. The Lord hears. The Lord helps. The Lord protects. The Lord provides. The Lord punishes. The Lord prepares. The Lord purifies. The Lord performs. The Lord gives. The Lord guards. The Lord guides. The Lord teaches. The Lord touches. The Lord answers. The Lord judges. The Lord defends. The Lord defeats. The Lord leads. The Lord loves. The Lord lights. The Lord creates. The Lord comforts. The Lord conquers. The Lord favours. The Lord forgives. The Lord fulfills. The Lord supplies. The Lord strengthens. The Lord sacrifices. The Lord sanctifies. The Lord saves. The Lord rescues. The Lord reveals. The Lord renews. The Lord rewards. The Lord reigns. The Lord restores. The Lord revives. The Lord relents. The Lord rules. The Lord opens. The Lord overcomes. The Lord instructs. The Lord manifests. The Lord shows mercy. The Lord warns.”
“To fight for love is to sacrifice a lot beyond your limits.”
“With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.”
“It doesn't matter how great your shoes are if you don't accomplish anything in them.”
“Do it first and feel about it afterwards.' - Dagny Taggart”
“Strong, vibrant, positive company culture values their people so greatly that no one feels like just a number.”
“Some people come into your life to make it worthwhile, while others come to waste time. Choose the ones worth your while.”
“I think that I shall never see A poem lovely as a tree. A tree whose hungry mouth is pressed Against the earth's sweet flowing breast; A tree that looks at God all day And lifts her leafy arms to pray; A tree that may in summer wear A nest of robins in her hair; Upon whose bosom snow has lain; Who intimately lives with rain. Poems are made by fools like me, But only God can make a tree.”
“Life is a school of learning, the more learning you make the better living will be.”
“I’m not out to compete with any one, I’m here to complete, by encouraging and inspiring souls through a text at a time”
“Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes to the desires of your heart.”
“Rich People plan for three generations Poor people plan for Saturday night”
“To write is human, to edit is divine.”
“You are doing the best you can, and that best results in good to yourself and to others. Do not nag yourself with a sense of failure. Get on your knees and ask for the blessings of the Lord;then stand on your feet and do what you are asked to do.”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life ”
“Life is a one-way path without a return ticket.”
“Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it.”
“I am more than the moments that locked my essence in trauma. Using every ounce of pain, never forgetting my worth, moving away from the drama.”
“Distance was a dangerous thing, she knew. Distance changed people.”
“We must still make a sincere effort, but accept our mistakes and misgivings whenever they arise.”
“Quand tu veux construire un bateau, ne commence pas par rassembler du bois, couper des planches et distribuer du travail, mais reveille au sein des hommes le desir de la mer grande et large. If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people together to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.”
“Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.”
“With every challenge you face, there is an opportunity hidden that will lead you towards the path of wealth and abundance.”
“See beyond the eyes can see, believe beyond the inspiration!”
“I know that others had a similar road but that doesn’t make it any less easy I had no idea it was this hard to play the role of a unique card”
“I think the reason we sometimes have the false sense that God is so far away is because that is where we have put him. We have kept him at a distance, and then when we are in need and call on him in prayer, we wonder where he is. He is exactly where we left him.”
“People in general would rather die than forgive. It's that hard. If God said in plain language. "I'm giving you a choice, forgive or die," a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“The fallen angel becomes a malignant devil. Yet even that enemy of God and man had friends and associates in his desolation; I am alone.”
“Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.”
“Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.”
“There's only one truth!”
“Think back to your early childhood, where everything was nuanced and a new adventure was just around every corner. Do you seek nuance in your life today?”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“Things aren't always as they appear. We must realize the bigger picture.”
“If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.”
“When you get from ‘I,’ ‘my,’ ‘mine,’ to ‘YOU’ and ‘YOUR’ your power and influence will increase by a significant degree.”
“What would you do if rockets barraged your home and you had nowhere to hide? What would you take if you only had ten seconds to fill a plastic bag? Where would you go if every street you turned onto was filled with fighters? Who would you save if all your children were buried beneath the rubble and crying?”
“A purpose-driven woman will stop at nothing to pursue what is rightfully hers—her purpose on Earth!”
“The Root Dear one, It is totally conceivable to accept something Yet still feel unable to ever recover from it For acceptance, my love, is simply the flower, Like a ray of hope through the hazy rain, But the root that it sprouted from, And the stem it grows upon, still remain”
“We came from the earth, we return to the dirt, and we bloom, fade, and wilt in between.”
“Awakening to faith is not a one-time event, but a continuously unfolding reality. The journey of faith is not a race, but a marathon of love that each person walks at a different pace.”
“Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you”
“Confidence can be learned - but not from a book. Confidence comes from from living.”
“In the symphony of life, knowing when to heed the wisdom of experts and when to lend an ear to the collective voices of people is the art of harmony.”
“When angels visit us, we do not hear the rustle of wings, nor feel the feathery touch of the breast of a dove; but we know their presence by the love they create in our hearts.”
“My best testimonies are from the times I thought I couldn't survive.”
“At some point, we find ourselves reaching maturity and establishing lives of our own. Childhood is a blip on the radar.”
“It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.”
“In both positive and negative respects, our past holds influence on the present. Break the cycle.”
“A significant woman may have lost her significant other, but she remains significant no matter what.”
“Deeds will not be less valiant because they are unpraised.”
“I would take one minute of peace of mind instead of the best dessert on earth.”
“Speaking the truth is the main attribute of a pure hearted person.”
“Life is about a constant flow of breaths, without which one is essentially dead. Therefore, learn to appreciate every breath you take.”
“And this tree, now I am looking at is equally stubborn as me. Freezing rain, and howling wind. No, they can’t shake our spirit. Our future stretches before us and we’re travelling together into it in our own velocity.”
“I change the world, the world changes me.”
“I’ve been saving my thoughts for years, bound by the promise of a vast array of alternatives, only to find out my subservience is doomed to last forever, because my future is being forced to follow a path drawn by them.”
“His mission is not to wait until the world ends, but to find a way to the other side before it does. To prop open the door before it can be locked. To tie a suture before the fatal wound is made. To let in the moonlight before the sun is allowed to rise.”
“she slammed the door and was gone. I looked at the closed door and at the doorknob and strangely I didn't feel alone.”
“Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.”
“A person who knows dance understands life.”
“If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day, You have to go places quite out of the way, You have to go places no others can get to. You have to get cold and you have too get wet, too.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“The nuances of karma are hard to understand”
“Hatching is not the end of what lies inside the egg, only the end of the shell around it. There’s no flight without the shatter, and no flock without the flight. What we’re made of will go on. A fledgling in some other place and time will look up for guidance and maybe see the path we leave behind, even when all of this as it is”—she flutters her free hand at the darkened desert —“dries and blows away. Change is comforting, in that way.”
“We’re all different, that’s true. But that’s what makes us all the same, Can you not see that too?”
“You may have lived longer than me, but I might have understood life far better than you.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Perfectionism is not the same thing has striving to be your best. Perfectionism is the belief that if we live perfect, look perfect, and act perfect, we can minimize or avoid the pain of blame, judgement, and shame. It’s a shield. It’s a twenty-ton shield that we lug around thinking it will protect us when, in fact, it’s the thing that’s really preventing us from flight.”
“Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
“We are our own biggest fan when it comes to treatment of self; our capacity for self-love is truly immeasurable.”
“Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.”
“Learning is the key to personal and professional success. Embrace it.”
“Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“The answers to your most pressing questions will arrive in your mind by being still in the moment and relaxing.”
“There is a relationship between the eye contacts we make and the perceptions that we create in our heads, a relationship between the sound of another's voice and the emotions that we feel in our hearts, a relationship between our movements in space all around us and the magnetic pulls we can create between others and ourselves. All of these things (and more) make up the magic of every ordinary day and if we are able to live in this magic, to feel and to dwell in it, we will find ourselves living with magic every day. These are the white spaces in life, the spaces in between the written lines, the cracks in which the sunlight filters into. Some of us swim in the overflowing of the wine glass of life, we stand and blink our eyes in the sunlight reaching unseen places, we know where to find the white spaces, we live in magic.”
“Only a dancer can sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.”
“Believe me. No matter how bad things are today, they’ll be far better tomorrow. — Namiya General Store”
“Be your own limited edition.”
“When someone we know is afraid of judgment, we can provide a safe haven for their hopes by telling them first and foremost that we are proud of their efforts.”
“Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy”
“Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.”
“THE FOUR HEAVENLY FOUNTAINS Laugh, I tell you And you will turn back The hands of time. Smile, I tell you And you will reflect The face of the divine. Sing, I tell you And all the angels will sing with you! Cry, I tell you And the reflections found in your pool of tears - Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterday To guide you through the fears of tomorrow.”
“One of the Secrets in Life is to Make Stepping Stones out of Stumbling Blocks.”
“You got to realize; you're the Devil as much as you're God.”
“When you don't know what the answer is, you know *Who* the answer is.”
“Each time life threw me a curveball, I learned to pitch it on my own and hit home runs for survival”
“To be communal is to be something fallacious. It is to be something more or less than being, a subjugation or propagation of the self to exist within the external condition.”
“Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.”
“It is risky not to take calculated risks in life.”
“My words are not for the rich businessmen and women, bureaucrats, fashion models, and other affluent people living in our world. My words are for the strugglers, and the fighters, who need them to continue the fight against injustice, oppression, inequality and discrimination against them by an insensitive world.”
“My Life is My Message”
“Hyper focusing on physical possessions will not bring us happiness or satisfaction, nor will it ensure long-term financial gain.”
“Goodness is more about trying to save those you love. Regardless of the cost.”
“If we are not presenting ourselves with nuanced experiences and new knowledge, we will never be allowed to grow.”
“Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility.”
“Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.”
“Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!”
“When I expect to achieve nothing, ideas come. Putting two things together that are unrelated gives me an idea. I make lots of little works instead of undertaking a big one. I will never be done with literature.”
“Difficulties arise to enrich our life with experience by putting our strength to the test.”
“Conformity teaches us the value of our precious worth.”
“Do not believe in the falsehoods of material wealth.”
“Live like a comet. An unstoppable rock through space. Travel with so great a speed that there is no time or desire for explanation. Live. Live without brakes," she said. His heart raced. Andrei shifted his gear to second. This was his key. The spine of an upstanding life was character. If all else was rid of, that was all a human had. The decisions in one’s own identity was like the wardrobe of the spirit, as discussed by Mars and Andrei. If a human being was fearless, she told him, they would act on all the things they desired. They would speak all the thoughts they were afraid to say. This pulled them closer to the sublime and away from obvious lands. Their life would gain access to moments of intimacy that were never far— only camouflaged. There was no one Andrei knew who lived like that. Not one. The comet was the most optimal way of life. Nothing could stop the person who decided to nail their foot on the gas. No interaction, rejection, weather, or obstacle of any kind would arrest them for too long. Everyone else had delays and was set back by their excuses. “Tea?” she asked. “Please.”
“It takes understanding to be outstanding”
“Hotel rooms inhabit a separate moral universe.”
“Don't be too stubborn to change, change is law of life.”
“Dreaming of a life not lived, but holding onto the fantasy, because the scars of reality still sting the heart.”
“The personal, as everyone’s so fucking fond of saying, is political. So if some idiot politician, some power player, tries to execute policies that harm you or those you care about, take it personally. Get angry. The Machinery of Justice will not serve you here – it is slow and cold, and it is theirs, hardware and soft-. Only the little people suffer at the hands of Justice; the creatures of power slide from under it with a wink and a grin. If you want justice, you will have to claw it from them. Make it personal. Do as much damage as you can. Get your message across. That way, you stand a better chance of being taken seriously next time. Of being considered dangerous. And make no mistake about this: being taken seriously, being considered dangerous marks the difference - the only difference in their eyes - between players and little people. Players they will make deals with. Little people they liquidate. And time and again they cream your liquidation, your displacement, your torture and brutal execution with the ultimate insult that it’s just business, it’s politics, it’s the way of the world, it’s a tough life and that it’s nothing personal. Well, fuck them. Make it personal.”
“Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.”
“As you standing there looking,pointing or judging your neighbour by his fall did you ever think about yours?cause I know that fall is for everyone who living and sent for purpose cause the message & you must be tested and you need to know how it strong it is,how big your master is.Think about this, who can believe and trust untested service? that means it unfinish peace of work while your master call himself by Alfa and Omega which is beginning and the End that is our Living God.”
“I want to take my rightful share of life by force, I want to give lavishly, I want love to flow from my heart, to ripen and bear fruit. There are many horizons that must be visited, fruit that must be plucked, books read, and white pages in the scrolls of life to be inscribed with vivid sentences in a bold hand.”
“Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place”
“No leader can take the company forward if the company remains stuck in its past glories.”
“Keep trying until you reach the thought of giving up, its only then that if you try a little more will you achieve success.”
“They say that the first step to success is setting clear goals. Well, I've got plenty of goals - like finally getting that corner office with a view, and firing my most annoying colleague.”
“Pac said Thug Life stood for 'The Hate U Give Little Infants Fucks Everybody'.”
“Good health is to be treasure above any other thing.”
“Life should never solely be measured by what we accomplish, but by how much love we show.”
“Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality ”
“To see me does not necessarily mean to see my face. To understand my thoughts is to have seen me.”
“We had the experience but missed the meaning. And approach to the meaning restores the experience in a different form.”
“It is better to believe in men too rashly, and regret, than believe too meanly. Men could be more than they are, if they would try for it. He has shown them that.”
“I used to fear things like not having enough alcohol and drugs, or the money to get them. Now I fear someone holding me down and physically forcing me to take drugs and drink alcohol. I fear that for some reason I wouldn't be allowed or wouldn't be able to read anymore.”
“Although I have the colors, only the Lord can mix them with such harmony.”
“To love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult.”
“A man's ego is the fountainhead of human progress.”
“Concerning the popularity of vampire books: I don't get it. I think people should read about bloody, heart-singing, mind-searing spirituality. Live your heart’s song, not its drippings. ”
“Plastic Painting He smiled as he looked at the studio in the outer hall, each of these paintings she painted here, enjoying very much observing them immersed in the colors. Her spiritual intelligence is high, as every other plastic artist, he holds the paint brush, and does things, lines and colors, he does not know what he is doing, or what he wants, he only paints, his hand and mind are just a tool, and something else inside him moves it. At the end, their paintings are sold at the most expensive price. She once told him, the reason for the distinction of fine art is that the painter paints with his soul, not with his hands. And every time she grabbed her brush and started doing things on the canvas, he felt her telling the story of his life, he just always did things, he did not know why and what would result be, but he just wanted to do them. His motto when things come down is, go with the wind, let it take you where it wants to go. He stood before a mediocre painting, a bridge suspended in the sky, punctuated by chaotic colors, a bit of haphazard smoke, and what seemed to be flying leaves. When she painted this painting, she stood in front of it for a whole day, she almost went crazy, the painting was complete but something was missing in it. In the end, it was this deficiency that relieved her of finding it, a red dot in the lower-left corner of the painting! It fell right under what appeared to be a leaf. That is crazy, it was actually completed by it!”
“It is the most fun I’m ever going to have. I love to write. I love it. I mean, there’s nothing in the world I like better, and that includes sex, probably because I’m so very bad at it. It’s the greatest peace when I’m in a scene, and it’s just me and the character, that’s it, that’s where I want to live my life.”
“Nature offers us a limitless source of inspiration and resources; it is our duty to protect and preserve them for the generations to come.”
“Enthusiasm is not enough, you must make an effort to act.”
“When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.”
“When you go through a hard period, When everything seems to oppose you,   When you feel you cannot even bear one more minute, NEVER GIVE UP! Because it is the time and place that the course will divert!”
“Expressing gratitude is a small action that, when practiced every day, will allow inner peace to unfold exponentially.”
“I never much understood the point of the world of men. How they fed off each other. How they motivated themselves. I mean, I got the purpose, but I navigated that world the way an astronaut would an alien landscape. Trying not to breathe the same air. Which was impossible, of course.”
“ Nite Owl II: But the country's disintegrating. What's happened to America? What's happened to the American dream? The Comedian: It came true. You're lookin' at it.”
“I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.”
“Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.”
“We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.”
“We were quick to forget we didn’t forget quickly.”
“From the soil that God made Grows a tiny seed A tiny seed that God miraculously Changes into leaves, wood and food Leaves to nurture and rebuild the soil Wood for fuel to cook the food Wood for a home Wood for a table, chairs, plate and fork For you to sit and dine All from a tiny seed Hallowed to YHWH”
“Try to remember it always," he said once Gogol had reached him, leading him slowly back across the breakwater, to where his mother and Sonia stood waiting. "Remember that you and I made this journey together to a place where there was nowhere left to go.”
“A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.”
“Once I get into my silence because of you, your existence will not matter to me when I reemerge.”
“You’ll be bothered from time to time by storms, fog, snow. When you are, think to yourself, ‘What they could do, I can do.”
“she was lucky if he stood behind her. Not so lucky if he came to crush her. And a woman might only learn the truth of it—when he walked out of her life. Highlighted by 9 Kindle users”
“Your fragments of knowledge will lead to competence. Your competence will lead to fluency. Your fluency will intensify to higher and higher levels of fluency. The best attitude, however, is that your attempt to master the foreign language, should remain perpetually unfinished business. You'll succeed if you make sure you never go to bed knowing no more of your target language than you did when you woke up!”
“He had made himself believe that he was going to get well, which was really more than half the battle.”
“Of everything you could be and everything you do, the greatest thing of all, Henri, is simply to be you.”
“Well, I know what it's like when bad stuff happens - really bad stuff. But the thing is, when it comes down to it, it's not the bad stuff that's important. What's important is how you deal with it.”
“How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy.”
“A religion which cannot benefit a person before death cannot benefit him after death either”
“People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.”
“Stop surrounding yourself with all the negative energy that does nothing but drag you down.”
“A woman of virtue can never be a villain, because she knows she is a victor. She would rather spend her precious time building, than destroying others.”
“Preserving nature is not a choice; it is our responsibility towards the future we envision.”
“My story is not a sad story; it's a real one. It's a story about a girl who fought through a storm she thought would never end.”
“Be relentless and unstoppable. Have a relentless desire to make things happen, a relentless commitment to improve, and a determination to toil away if you have something meaningful to achieve or contribute something noteworthy to the world.”
“There is a bright side to everything. Don't waste your energy moaning about the dark side of things! Move ahead and look at the bright side. Be positive. Move forward. Do the right thing.”
“Integrity must always be seen in action and never in question.”
“I enjoy growing older and wiser and learning from my mistakes every single day.”
“Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.”
“Focus on what you want and work on that thing every second until you achieve that thing”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“Everyone who dies out there dies of confusion.”
“She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.”
“Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!”
“It’s been my observation" I said, “that you humans are more than the sum of your history. You can choose how much of your ancestry to embrace. You can overcome the expectations of your family and your society. What you cannot do, and should never do, is try to be someone other than yourself–Piper McLean.”
“Every grain of sands has an intricate role to play in this marvelous masterpiece called life. Nothing is random, respect all happenings.”
“Give it your all, because greatness awaits those who rise to the occasion with unwavering determination.”
“You're off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, So  get on your way!”
“Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.”
“Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons.”
“When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.”
“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
“Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.”
“Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.”
“People who are busy with the husk of the past lose the opportunity to sow in the future”
“Most houses would not be good homes, had it not been for the good women who keep them warm.”
“Identify your whys to motivation. One positive thought is the key to inspiration. Tweak a bit to approach the target. Don't lose your mind, Just one step will work up the rest!”
“Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.”
“Slowing down was how we remembered what we never wanted to forget.”
“Serenity is inner peace amid chaos and trouble, not their absence.”
“Do not lose yourself in the crowd. You are the only one you've got. Take care of your soul.”
“Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!”
“Deepen your understanding of life, expand your knowledge, and open your mind up to the unknown. You are ready to receive the wisdom and personal growth that comes with this evolution.”
“I love to envision God as the Master Potter. Even though we mess up, He tells us that He is not giving up on us.”
“With every bad mistake comes pains and lessons. And the willpower to push again for success is not in getting bitter for the pains, it is in getting better for the lessons.”
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”
“Your opinion is not my reality.”
“I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.”
“I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.”
“A woman can't do anything about her appearance. Either she's pretty or she isn't. But her character is quite another matter.”
“I believe in miracles . I have to.”
“To be immortal and then die”
“It used to be about trying to do something. Now it's about trying to be someone.”
“If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.”
“Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.”
“Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.”
“word is like a sword; you should be wise when to use it or it'll kill and ruin everything you did in your past, you're doing at this time, and you're gonna do in the future”
“My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.”
“Love can make the world come together Opening our hearts to the future Only love can make the world come together Come together, changing the weather”
“If you want to be truly successful, you must make mistakes and learn from them.”
“It's amazing how quickly people will discourage you, knock you down, and devalue you because.. basically, they can. The question is, how quickly will you draw a boundary and put an end to toxicity in your life? This is something you need to learn how to do if you want to be at peace and cut out all of the drama.”
“If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.”
“We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.”
“The erruption of feelings & emotions that follows a near-death exerience, or any event that causes us to stop & look deeply at the reality of our lives, is ripe with the potential for insight & clarity.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“Life is real, and you canot live a lie.”
“Never let the opinion of another affect your opinion of yourself.”
“If you know how to remain peaceful from within, then there is nothing in this world that can create trouble in you..”
“I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness, and the willingness to remain vulnerable.”
“Hold on to forgiveness, for it frees your heart of resentment and opens the door to healing and peace.”
“What you wish to be, be.”
“Do not sit back and relax, take the driving seat, put your safety seat belt and dare to take the risk because either it is today or never!!!”
“Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.”
“If you can dream without limits, you can soar to great heights. Let the magic of your imagination set you free.”
“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
“The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.”
“She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.”
“We are constantly tied to our phones, computers, televisions, tablets, and any other device imaginable. Dedicate some time to disconnect.”
“But even hope can do nothing for you if you do nothing other than hope. -Emit Eht”
“Talk is cheap that is why everyone can afford to have an opinion or say on what you do. But taking an action is costly. It will cost you your time, money, effort, skills, focus, experience, knowledge, commitment, dedication, patient ,determination and not everyone has that.”
“Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together.”
“Every chapter of life does not have to be funny; it does not have to be painful either.”
“You can change your Future by changing your mindset”
“Stop chasing people, if they aren't coming into your world after several invites then they don't deserve what you offer.”
“Don’t blame me for your mediocrity it’s not my fault you lack integrity”
“the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“There is only one who is all powerful, and his greatest weapon is love.”
“Life is never made unbearable by circumstances, but only by lack of meaning and purpose.”
“Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. I call it being professional. Do it right, with a smile, or don't do it.”
“The way to make your dreams come true is to start believing in them.”
“We are all here on earth to help others: what on earth the others are here for, I don't know.”
“Using less time to produce more is intelligent, then why do intelligent people choose to multitask?”
“Do not 'HOPE', just make 'BELIEVE' in yourself!”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”
“I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance”
“Believe in yourself, believe in yourself even when others doubt you.”
“Go after your dreams no matter how far they might seem today. Just start taking steps towards them and your dreams will be yours.”
“Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.”
“I have found that one of the keys to really being free is to live in the same way as you meditate.”
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
“Nothing upsets the enemy more than seeing a woman who has been severely bruised, dust herself off, rise and shine bright because no matter how much the enemy tries to prove a point, a powerful woman will always prove him wrong.”
“Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!”
“You can capture this body of mine, take away my freedom and enslave me. You may even have the power to capture my soul and sentence me to the realm of eternal darkness. But my dreams you cannot touch. They are my will the very essence of who I am. In them I laugh. In them I cry. In them I love. And in them ..I live. My dreams are untouchable and unceasing.”
“Spirituality is a life-long journey of self-discovery and enlightenment that leads us to a greater understanding of our place in the world.”
“Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.”
“That small step of yours, can create a big impact in your life!”
“When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.”
“There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.”
“You are a beautiful soul wrapped up in a human body. It’s your job to unwrap, and find your soul again.”
“Man can live in any world he wants, all he needs to do is change his mindset ~Rishi Mathur”
“The choice is ours to act on what we know.”
“Pointing to another world will never stop vice among us; shedding light over this world can alone help us.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“We have no right to just stand by and watch them tarnish our tomorrow.”
“Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.”
“The freighting thing about pursuing the truth is that all the lies that you’ve been surrounded with first must fall.”
“Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.”
“FEAR has its Reasons, COURAGE has Responsibility”
“Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. Maybe they always have been and will be. Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. And maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. That means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come.”
“What a man can be, he must be.”
“There are only two forces at work in this world- black and white. Only people are grey.”
“In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.”
“Peace of mind comes when we exercise our right to be honest, especially with ourselves.”
“I don't think you understand. I didn't get any pussy in college. Really. I didn't get ANY pussy in college. none. work? Doing stuff? What the fuck is wrong with you? I really didn't get any pussy in college. None.”
“Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to forsee you, only to discover you. You can't disappoint me”
“Vengeance is mine saith my pen.”
“A child is a Soul, a Unit Consciousness materialized on Earth to learn, fulfill its purpose contributing within the Matrix of Gaia. Our parents fought for ‘Expression of Thoughts’, ‘Equality’, we now have a task to fight for the Supremacy of Love over Control within all Areas of Life.‘ Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids development soul”
“Of course, it comes down to a little creativity and a lot of motivation. The creativity is inside all of us. The motivation is rougher.”
“Transform your life, one habit at a time. Develop daily practices that align with your goals, stay consistent, and become unstoppable.”
“Why do they always teach us that it's easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It's the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage. I mean, what we really want.”
“Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.”
“There is no positive energy like praying.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.”
“Lovers never hate, haters never love.”
“We are not strangers in this journey of life…We are connected to each other through this mysterious field of love.”
“Opportunity is where preparation meets toil”
“Being soulful makes you desire depth. You look for depth in everything and everyone. You look for meaning in things that you encounter. Even when you meet someone for the first time you look for their soul. You are not fascinated by shine and sparkle. But you are fascinated by rawness and strength. Their 'soul' that they have held on to and not yet abandoned to the world!”
“I believe that self-defense is essential in protecting one’s well-being and dignity.”
“When God had made The Man, he made him out of stuff that sung all the time and glittered all over. Some angels got jealous and chopped him into millions of pieces, but still he glittered and hummed. So they beat him down to nothing but sparks but each little spark had a shine and a song. So they covered each one over with mud. And the lonesomeness in the sparks make them hunt for one another.”
“When it's possible for you to dream, it's not impossible to achieve.”
“Let go of fear and allow curiosity to be your compass, guiding you towards extraordinary adventures.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my goals. Therefore I have zero tolerance for doubt. If you doubt me you will not have access to me. If I doubt myself I promise to recognize it and shut it down immediately until the doubt is no longer a part of my life.”
“When you just can’t bear all the selfishness, lies and spite, When it feels like the weight of the world is on your shoulders, When you’re tired of with fortune, putting up a fight, When you think you’re stuck in a dark cave with no light between the boulders- Just remember, that after the darkest hour only, comes the dawn, And many doors will open up, if you just learn to carry on!”
“The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines.”
“Energies speak louder than voices. Most times they can protect you but deceive you at other times.”
“May God bless you with all the colours of life - may your days be filled with joy, happiness, and friendship, and may your heart be filled with the beautiful shades of love. On this auspicious occasion, I hope you and your family have a wonderful time playing with vibrant colours, singing and dancing to cheerful tunes, and sharing laughter and happiness with your loved ones. May your life be as colourful and bright as the beautiful hues of Holi. Wishing you and your family a happy and blessed Holi. May your day be filled with fun, frolic, and endless memories to cherish.”
“To buy a cake  to howl at the moon  to know true happiness  I am happy.”
“It’s better than nothing,” his father replied. “And remember, the most important thing is to stay calm and focus on your opponent. Antichrist may be powerful, but he’s not unbeatable.”
“We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.”
“Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.”
“We are what we believe we are!”
“The workplace is like a battlefield, and you need to be a warrior to survive. So arm yourself with knowledge and fight for your place in the corporate world.”
“We are terrified by this life because it is the only one we know we have, and it is dying from the moment it is birthed.”
“Tell your heart to keep beating and stand strong, and eventually you will bounce back to see colour in the world.”
“Scars hold the cure.”
“The mission of a man is his message.”
“If you want to be a doormat you have to lay yourself down first.”
“There is no rest for the person who has envy, and there is no love for the person who has bad manners.”
“If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.”
“Attempting to run from our mistakes shows personal weakness, and may hold implications for the harm we may have caused to ourselves or others.”
“When there is nothing left to give somone in need, we give them what we do have. We give them Divine Love, faith, and friendship. This is always enough to see anyone through anything. This, my friends, is how we save the world. (pg.99 of A Journey In to Divine Love)”
“It not fashion make you feel good,it style you have.”
“Christ is not valued at all, unless he is valued above all.”
“The water doesn't know how old you are.”
“Transient guests are we.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“when you don't create things, you become defined by your tastes rather than ability. your tastes only narrow & exclude people. so create.”
“This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.”
“A lazy man often lacks the motivation to fight the very thing that has sapped him of his motivation.”
“There are souls in this world who have the gift of finding joy everywhere, and leaving it behind them when they go.”
“We travel, initially, to lose ourselves; and we travel, next to find ourselves. We travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers will accommodate. We travel to bring what little we can, in our ignorance and knowledge, to those parts of the globe whose riches are differently dispersed. And we travel, in essence, to become young fools again- to slow time down and get taken in, and fall in love once more.”
“Some people live in cages with bars built from their own fears and doubts. Some people live in cages with bars built from other people's fears and doubts; their parents, their friends, their brothers and sisters, their families. Some people live in cages with bars built from the choices others made for them, the circumstances other people imposed upon them. And some people break free.”
“If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.”
“Every woman should see herself looking uniquely breathtaking, in something tailored to celebrate her body, so that she is better able to appreciate her own beauty and better equipped to withstand the ideals of our narrow-waisted, narrow- minded culture.”
“I love you, still the same as I always have. Forever & Always ”
“If you decide to achieve anything with clear vision and confidence, then no one can stop you to achieve it in this world.”
“Never explain to anyone because people don't realize your feelings until it happens to them.”
“you not wanting me was the beginning of me wanting myself thank you”
“Good men do the most harm.”
“Feel your emotions, Live true your passions, Keep still your mind.”
“If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.”
“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
“Words give me hope my mind find peace, only the words can heal Tranquility is there, that's what I feel.”
“Sometimes questions are more important than answers.”
“You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.”
“One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.”
“When writing, there are some scenes that are emotionally overwhelming. They completely overcome the author, and only when they do this can they cause a similar reaction in the reader. Through this, the author gets to experience multiple lives. If a character's life flashes before their eyes, it flashes before the author's eyes too, and he or she remembers it as his or her own. With reading, we get to live other lives vicariously, and this is doubly so with writing. It is like a lucid dream, where we guide the outcome. In this, we don't merely write *about* a character -- we momentarily *become* them, and walk as they walk, think as they think, and do as they do. When we return to our own life, we might return a little shaken, likely a little stronger, hopefully a little wiser. What is certain is that we return better, because experiencing the lives of others makes us understand their aims and dreams, their fears and foils, the challenges and difficulties, and joys and triumphs, that they face. It helps us grow and empathise, and see all the little pictures that make up the bigger one we see from the omniscience of the narrator.”
“I am poet and I only believe in love and peace. We the homo sapiens are capable of great things, but let us not get narrow minded and hate each other. Our world needs more loving hearts.”
“To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
“Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.”
“I just believe that us as women— should not criticize nor pull down other women. And why? Because we’re all just trying our best to be beautiful! We all just want to be loved, we want to be beautiful, we’re all trying to leave our own legacy! The good news is that the universe is unending and that means there is enough space for each woman on earth to leave her own mark and to be her own legacy. To be her own kind of beautiful. So why spend even a second on trying to take away from another woman? Trying to steal, trying to criticize, trying to oppress? There is enough space for every woman and every kind of beautiful, in this vast cosmos! When you waste any amount of time trying to take what is another’s— you are wasting your huge chunk of a galaxy that’s already been given to you!”
“We make choices every day, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough, we live with the consequences.”
“Light is used when it is dark, but if we brighten up our lives, we'll not need the light”
“It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.”
“The only one who can give final assent to your victimhood is you.”
“Love is total surrender, total acceptance and total commitment.”
“You may be safe, but I am free.' Take advantage of the freedom that comes with your youth. Inhale life, exhale fire, and embrace the late, sleepless nights, because that's when the magic happens- when everyone else is asleep and you're awake thinking about the world as it is, and the world as it would be. Make the most of those moments," I said forcefully. "And in the coming years people will tell you that you're too young to change the world. I'm here to tell you, that's fucking bullshit.”
“For those who are not frightened by the solitude, everything will have a different taste. In solitude, they will discover the love that might otherwise arrive unnoticed. In solitude, they will understand and respect the love that left them. In solitude, they will be able to decide whether it is worth asking that lost love to come back or if they should simply let it go and set off along a new path. In solitude, they will learn that saying ‘No’ does not always show a lack of generosity and that saying ‘Yes’ is not always a virtue. And those who are alone at this moment, need never be frightened by the words of the devil: ‘You’re wasting your time.’ Or by the chief demon’s even more potent words: ‘No one cares about you.’ The Divine Energy is listening to us when we speak to other people, but also when we are still and silent and able to accept solitude as a blessing. And when we achieve that harmony, we receive more than we asked for.”
“Look at love! Look at how love has danced to merge two souls who were once scattered and shattered into pieces and ashes.”
“It was not in my though to hold a gradges or revenge for my past pain,yah there's a window or understandable explanation of it but when my eyes opened I'd seen that it would be waist of time to do it and I'd enough pain the only thing that I was focus on was being delivered and transformed cause that were coming with freedom that I always praid for, i thanks God that I didnt thought about it cause I see now more problems that I would be more invited it in my life like others who experience the same situation.I pray for you to look things ike me.”
“I’ve never seen anything as bright as the rays of kindness.”
“The mind travels faster than the pen; consequently, writing becomes a question of learning to make occasional wing shots, bringing down the bird of thought as it flashes by. A writer is a gunner, sometimes waiting in the blind for something to come in, sometimes roaming the countryside hoping to scare something up.”
“Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.”
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”
“I cannot tell if what the world considers ‘happiness’ is happiness or not. All I know is that when I consider the way they go about attaining it, I see them carried away headlong, grim and obsessed, in the general onrush of the human herd, unable to stop themselves or to change their direction. All the while they claim to be just on the point of attaining happiness.”
“Advice is just that, advice!”
“Fear of death transforms all living organisms into predators or prey in the food cycle.”
“Religions are metaphorical systems that give us bigger containers in which to hold our lives. A spiritual life allows us to move beyond the ego into something more universal. Religious experience carries us outside of clock time into eternal time. We open ourselves into something more complete and beautiful. This bigger vista is perhaps the most magnificent aspect of a religious experience. There is a sense in which Karl Marx was correct when he said that religion is the opiate of the people. However, he was wrong to scoff at this. Religion can give us skills for climbing up on onto a ledge above our suffering and looking down at it with a kind and open mind. This helps us calm down and connect to all of the world's sufferers. Since the beginning of human time, we have yearned for peace in the face of death, loss, anger and fear. In fact, it is often trauma that turns us toward the sacred, and it is the sacred that saves us.”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“She soared high in the world of her thoughts Where no boundaries held her captive Where she was free, fiery and formidable Where she wasn't a mindless chick but an authoritative Where she wasn't just protected Where she was strong enough to be protective -Shazia Akhter”
“Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark.”
“Loving yourself is required for authentic relationships.”
“The world should have been in Technicolour, but seemed more like black and white.”
“Dear Superwoman, Strong as you are, you can be brought to your knees by a man who knows how to lie. Guard your heart all the time. Check what you listen to and train your ears to spot a lie from afar.”
“Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.”
“You can laugh at small things, small mistakes, and/or small gestures.”
“Try again. Fail again. Fail better.”
“When your sense of self and happiness comes from within and isn't a roller coaster ride dependent on others or circumstances, you approach life differently. You make better choices. You draw to you the people and situations that matter. The others, they fall away.”
“To those who will see, the world waits.”
“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation. Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”
“It's a nice thing to cook for yourself.”
“life is worth living when you have someone to share it with ..”
“In the deepest hour of the night, confess to yourself that you would die if you were forbidden to write. And look deep into your heart where it spreads its roots, the answer, and ask yourself, must I write?”
“Don’t waste your time trying to fix others. Fix yourself!”
“Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.”
“God has given us more than fourteen billion cells and connections in our brain. Why would God give us such a complex organ system unless he expects us to use it?”
“At times, it can feel like the loneliest place on Earth, because it’s just us. Alone with our unanswered prayers”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“PRAISE FOR 'THE JOURNEY HOME' Many saints are known and praised by all. We pray to them in litanies and celebrate their feast days. But the vast majority of holy men and women live heroic lives quietly before God. Loyal to family, lovers of God, servants in the Church, these unsung saints live everyday life as an example for us. David Hanneman is one such man. His story is exemplary and should be told to the world. He not only lived a noble life, but also suffered with heroism and grace as he passed into glory. This is a story to encourage and bless us all. We are thankful to Joseph Hanneman for sharing his father and making his story known to us who need such examples to encourage us as we face the difficulties and challenges of life.”
“Data that comes subliminally and is acted upon will look like luck or inspiration.”
“Coming from a struggling middle class family, I have come here to the stage where the esteemed people all over the world are loving and sharing my words. If you have a dream and a passion, then don't let it go!”
“Remember that you are only alive now. This is the only moment you have. Embrace it.”
“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.”
“Life's managed, not cured. ”
“I assure you; a day without your mobile devices will not spell doom for your ability to grasp enjoyment.”
“Fear is your friend, your sous chef, your co-pilot -- embrace it!”
“I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.”
“Some Christians may only realize there was nothing to fear in death after they have died. They missed the breaking news of the resurrection morning: "ONE DAY DEATH TASTED LIFE AND DIED FOREVER”
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”
“Though our loved ones may push us towards success, it is often our enemies who drive us to secure the final nail in the coffin of our accomplishments.”
“Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!”
“The withering wind whispers secrets of change, reminding us that nothing stays the same forever.”
“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome." [ Meditations Divine and Moral ]”
“Sometimes your only available transportation is a leap of faith.”
“Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.”
“Each prayer is like a seed that gets planted in the ground. It disappears for a season, but it eventually bears fruit that blesses future generations. In fact, our prayers bear fruit forever.”
“The man who takes more pride in the steps to attain the result than the result itself cannot be stopped. The work truly instills the worth.”
“Peace is the number one beautiful ornament you can wear, I really believe that. They say you should always wear a smile, but I don't believe that you should "always" wear a smile, seriously, you're going to look stupid! But peace, you should always carry peace within you, its the most beautifying thing you could ever have or do. Peace makes your heart beautiful and it makes you look beautiful, too. You want to have perfect physical posture when you stand, sit, and walk, and peace is the perfect posture of the soul, really. Try perfect posture outside as well as inside. Peace creates grace and grace gives peace.”
“We may try to convince ourselves that we could never possibly make a valuable contribution to humanity, whether it be through invention or sharing of thoughts. Stop that nonsense.”
“Do not let your conscience prevent you from thinking clearly; let reason learn to stifle your conscience when it is necessary.”
“Everyone kept telling me not to worry someone will do something. No one did so I became someone and did something.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs. There is no such thing as a linear life. But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“Reading is like travel, allowing you to exit your own life for a bit, and to come back with a renewed, even inspired, perspective.”
“Unleashing the power of love, one story at a time.”
“Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.”
“But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine. Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others - even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are.”
“Guilt is a wonderful motivator.”
“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.”
“The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.”
“Continue going after your dreams because you deserve them; life has many incredible experiences ahead of you. Today's obstacles are tomorrow's victories, and tomorrow's breakthroughs are today's possibilities.”
“Each suburban wife struggles with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question-- 'Is this all?”
“The future is a feast prepared from the fruits of today's labor.”
“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”
“When you walk in distinction, even the photocopying machine can’t replicate your unique quality.”
“The moment you learn not to quit, you’ve already achieved something.”
“History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are. ”
“We all are rich and ignore the buried fact of accumulated wisdom.”
“Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.”
“Time is a slimy wimy thing, Life is a blessy messy thing. Love is a happy crappy thing, Mind is a mighty fighty thing.”
“No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.”
“The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them.”
“Time management is about making choices: what do you prioritize and why? Being aware of your finite time and consciously deciding how to spend it will give you control, clarity, and peace of mind.”
“The importance of knowing for certain that you have been saved cannot be understated. We do not know how many days, hours, or minutes God has granted us here to have an opportunity to make a choice.”
“I want to be justice, love and the wrath of God all in one.”
“It is assignment that determines your attainment in life.”
“It is better to aim high and miss than to aim low and hit.”
“Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.”
“She bleeds poetry. She is an old soul. She has already existed since the day the Earth gave birth to nature. She felt the sweet caress of the wind touch her skin and the silent cries of night. She heard the screaming of thunder as the lightning bolt stabbed the heart of the weeping sky. She saw everything bloom and heard a soft sound of relief as they threw their burdens into the listening earth. She is strong enough to bear it all as time changes and has learned to live with the pain of losing and winning. She can't be defeated, nor be broken. She'll continue to live again and again. And if someone were to break her down or break her heart, she couldn't be shaken. She'll stand up and let poetry bleed into her. She's rare and SHE IS ME.”
“Grab onto life and live it well. Don’t sit and watch it pass by, and don’t overindulge. Never shy away from a challenge or hard work or improvement on all fronts. Fuse your intellect and will together to create an edifice the gods themselves would envy.”
“What you should be, you shall be.”
“I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself.”
“Read to live the life you want. Embrace every page and start over again.”
“What we want comes from our participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.”
“By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.”
“Who we are is who we ACTUALLY are. It's never who we create in order for people to see. You might really hate who you actually are, so then you create a sub-genus type of yourself for other people to see. But that never changes who you are. The sub-genus type won't change your genus. The only way we change who we are is by looking at ourselves in the mirror long enough to make us vomit over our disgusting waywardness and long enough to fall in love with our strengths. But you can't just fall in love with your strengths. You also need to vomit over your hypocrisies and all of your other bullshit. And you can't just vomit, either. You also have to clean it up and embrace yourself afterwards. This is how you change your genus.”
“Only one life, ’twill soon be past, Only what’s done for Christ will last.”
“ Length of a straight line is determined by the two tiny dots on both ends ”
“The beginning of everything is to believe, never to doubt.”
“Because paper has more patience than people. ”
“Sometimes everything breaks up so something new can break through.”
“don’t ever give up. Even if it’s painful, even if it’s agonizing, don’t try to take the easy way out”
“people will say you’re missing out you’re too far out you should doubt never stopping to question their foolish views why they’re confused why they feel so lonely and abused”
“Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.”
“A poet is simply an artist whose medium is human emotions.  A poet chisels away at our own sensibilities, shaping our vision while molding our hearts.  A poet wraps words around our own feelings and presents them as fresh gifts to humanity.”
“Try to work on being okay with being a total reject, a freak, a wobbly little weirdo, a loser, a fine-ass hottie, and an ordinary everyday girl with all kinds of struggles. It’s okay. Try to remind yourself, every single day, that it’s you who decides if you’re happy or not, the real you, the current you, not the past you. And your happiness should definitely not be up to everybody else in this goddamn shitty, fucked-up world. Remember that things are always changing. Remember that love, even if it goes bad in the end, was still a good thing, because it came from you, out of who you are as a person. Remember that the good times, when they happen, are worth all the trouble. Remember that sadness and heartbreak, frustration and loss, even bitter, hopeless fucking tragedy, they’re all part of what makes a beautiful story. Just like flaws, freakiness, fuck-ups, and all your fallible character defects are all part of what makes a fantastic fucking you. Remember that making mistakes doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you a human being, somebody who’s just trying to get through this fucked up life, just like everybody else, and doesn’t know everything. Sometimes you screw up. Sometimes a fuck up ruins lives. But you’re only a bad person if you don’t learn anything from your mistakes, if you just keep going, like a bull in a China shop, hurting people over and over forever, never changing. Remember that you can still love yourself, even if you’ve made horrible, terrible mistakes, even if you’ve ruined people’s lives. You can still love who you are. You have to, or you won’t survive. Remember that the awful things people did to you do not define who you are. Your choices define who you are, and you never chose any of that shit. Remember that you’re not all alone in being a freak. Remember that you fucking rock.”
“Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.”
“You can be certain that the religion of love accepts everyone.”
“The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.”
“An idea has more potential than any theory, plan or quantity of knowledge. You should never underestimate your dreams and the ideas that form around them. But more importantly, you shouldn't waste any time making them a reality. Others may not agree with your ideas, they may not trust your ideas, and they may even think that it is foolish to follow your dreams, but they don't have to trust something they can't see. Each person is gifted with the dreams that match the soul attracting them and according to the nature of the spiritual path in which one is found, therefore any dream you have is within your reach, and may never be within the reach of the beliefs of others, not even when you fulfill them. When people don't trust your capacities to achieve something, they will also rationalize reasons and excuses after you demonstrate your intent and potential. If you are poor, they may say you can't be rich, and once you are rich, they will try to dissuade you from what you do, with insinuations, insults, and threats. The most common question a rich person is asked, is if he is paying taxes. It is foolish to try to explain anything to those people. I've seen it my entire life, because I have succeeded in many areas where everyone told me I would never succeed. Once you win, they downgrade your achievements with ridiculous theories, or they will simply call you lucky. You can't win in an argument with a fool, because fools are very creative in their own art of denying the being of others. They see the world as they see themselves, as just objects, empty vessels, reflections of the illusions on the outside world. In martial arts, if you beat taller and stronger opponents, they don't say you are a better fighter. They will select one of your movements or techniques as the cause, and then dissociate you from the movement or technique, and say that you win because you cheat in the fighting rules. In music, if you succeed against the best in the world, people won't say you are better than them, but dissociate you from your music and say that you got awarded because you are different in a strange way, or because you competed in a special moment. If you succeed as a writer, people won't say you are a good writer, but instead dissociate you from your books, and say that you invent things and have a big imagination, which is a covert way of calling you a "good liar", thus insulting you under the pretense of giving compliments, or they will say that you stole the knowledge from others, in order to morally place themselves above you and your work, and they may even say that you have a special trick, like taking knowledge from the air, from some imaginary records in the ether, or from demonic spirits. People say different things when dissociating you from your potential, work and achievements, all of which are simply various forms of disrespecting someone. They deny you of your potential to be yourself. And among the various forms of disrespect, making one feel guilty for being himself is probably the worse, reason why you'll find the most disgusting people of them all inside religious organizations. "God won't like it", "You have a problem with your ego", and "The devil is tempting you", are among the most common and imbecile things you will ever hear as an artist, as a person who loves to read and acquire knowledge, and above anything, as a true spiritual being thriving in self-development and a natural curiosity for life. For all these reasons, the requirements and the real theories for success will never be found in any popular book. Nobody wants to know that you only win when you stop burning yourself to make others warm. And when you understand this, people will dissociate you from your focus and discipline, and call you selfish, and they will call the person who guided you in this path of real success evil. They will then do their best to destroy the reputation of both of your to deny their own fault , ignorance and lies.”
“It is not possible to know how far the influence of any amiable, honest-hearted duty-doing man flies out into the world, but it is very possible to know how it has touched one's self in going by.”
“Being ourselves was the easiest path to choose, although not the easiest to see through til the end.”
“In a war between customers and the company, customers might lose the fight due to the difference of powers, but the company is the ultimate loser.”
“Don’t dwell too much on the past. The lessons are useful for the present and a preparation for the future. Move on!”
“A journal is a self-empowering, self-realizing map we create for ourselves to better our lives.”
“Poets may be the “unacknowledged legislators” but I don’t know if we’re that important. My fear overwhelms me at times; I gave you my fear, a withered gift. You are the true poet of the family. You gave me the cry of a baby in its mother’s arms, cotton candy at the circus, John Cage exhibits at the museum, lying under the light of the full moon. You gave me Fellini films and old Romances, a glass of Burgandy in a darkened restaurant where lovers cling to hope of passion and contentment. You gave me hope and love, but most of all, you gave me poetry.”
“All those times we were chasing spirits, stalking graveyards at midnight, and camping out in haunted houses, there was a Spirit waiting for us. This One wants to be found, felt, and experienced. Not just with electromagnetic equipment and infrared thermometers but our living human beings.”
“I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.”
“Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto”
“A great way to open the dopamine floodgate is to watch and listen to inspirational stuff about the activity you are prone to quitting at. Unlike meme-turds, videos are a more immersive sensory experience, and virtually all capitalize on the dopaminergic power of music. Music has the ability to not just arouse pleasurable feelings but also increase craving or wanting—two critical elements of sports motivation.”
“This is the place where I want to be young To breathe the beginning breath Through newborn lungs To run barefoot chasing butterflies To sleep beneath wondrous skies To stand on stony mountains Far above the birch and pine Looking down at all about me I’ll call this world mine ….. When the wild wind sings I will hear its song That beckons to my heart, Tells me that I belong And all these hills and every tree Become a part of my story ….. Yet, as the pages of a story grow Characters learn, develop, go May it be granted, if I leave If I change in any way That this place will always remain The same as I saw it today ….. If my feet wander If life’s paths take me far Time may alter youthful face But let not it change a tree or star Let not it touch a leaf Nor a river, nor a stream Or raise a cloak of shadow Over even one sunbeam The years may not lift their hand To crumble any stone Or free their feet to trample Fields where flowers have grown ….. If I tarry long The song will bring me back If in the journey I am lost The wind will steer my track I will be changed when I come Grey hair and marred face But the hills will recall That I am one with this place Standing, just the way I used to Upon the mountain height Breathing, just the way I once did The crisp, star filled night And praying, just the way I always have That I might be young here.” — ‘Where I Want to Be Young”
“We conserve what is available in abundance (energy) and waste what is limited (time)”
“Paint your own path even if that means walking it alone, sometimes that’s when you get the best surprises in life. - Martha Mandaric”
“People who are intelligent are considered smarter than idiots. Intelligent people will not get distracted by piglets squealing and naysaying. With their deep understanding, their minds will continue to work, in pursuit of their craft, just like night owls at their desks in their quiet lairs; using the blood of the defeated piglets as ink for their writings.”
“You know how sometimes you remember a place you once loved, a movie you’ve enjoyed, only to be disappointed when you return to that place or see that movie for a second time? Well, it wasn’t disappointing. She sounds exactly as I remember her—and there is still something so warm and caring about her that it is difficult to hate her for how she abandoned us.”
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: fear of failure.”
“But there's always a first time for everything”
“Falling back on an old “bad” habit isn’t so much a defeat as it is a chance to play again.”
“If I am constantly “doing” but never “becoming,” my capacity to “do” will shortly become the primary limiting factor of my life.”
“We are exactly what our history made us to be.”
“Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.”
“Divine assistance is working in your life right now, even if you don't see it. Your heart's desires are currently manifesting, compensating the time and effort you've been investing.”
“The greatest witness we can give another is grace. Showing mercy and grace is a privilege. Do you have the capacity to exhibit this?”
“Taking time for yourself doesn't have to be hard or expensive - whether it's treating yourself to something small or dedicating an afternoon to relax, taking some time for self-care can make all the difference in your life.”
“A woman of faith finds favour in the Lord. She does not go around looking for favours.”
“Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.”
“The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.”
“impossible is not a word”
“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”
“Be optimistic! You can be the dream.”
“Happiness is a collection of joyful experiences shared with soul friends. Get together and have some fun!”
“You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.”
“Pray for power to perform the action.”
“Action is precious than plentiful words.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“Although panic attacks can be scary and overwhelming, they can also be a powerful teacher, showing us the depths of our inner strength and resilience. We may develop more self-awareness, self-compassion, and a stronger feeling of connection with others by addressing our anxieties and finding ways to control our anxiety.”
“On the second floor was the office in which Houston pounded an ancient typewriter with two fingers, always setting an example of unceasing hard work for his admiring students. They had no hint of the fact that their hard-driving dean had contracted tuberculosis while serving as a GI in France in Word War I. Houstan always seemed vibrant and impassioned in the chase for justice as he tried to expose his students to everything relating to the law that might give them an advantage. . . . "I never worked hard until I got to the Howard Law School and met Charlie Houston," Marshal told me. "I saw this man's dedication, his vision, his willingness to sacrifice, and I told myself, 'You either shape up or ship out.' When you are being challenged by a great human being, you know that you can't ship out." So Houston rescued Marshall and launched him into a career as one of the greatest lawyers in American history.”
“Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right. Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.”
“Were knowledge all, what were our need To thrill and faint and sweetly bleed?”
“it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.”
“Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.”
“You don't always have to kiss a lot of frogs to recognize a prince when you find one -Henrietta Barett”
“All existing paths have a creator. Be the creator of your own path.”
“Becoming selfless and philanthropist is a process, not an overnight journey”
“Dreaming big? Don’t let a bad day keep you from following through on your plans - Stay inspired and focused on your goals!”
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.”
“When the mind remains the ally of our heart, and the gut is the brain's brother-at-arms, we can tackle the challenging situations, be inspirational appeasers, and stay honest to a fault. If we want to satisfy our quest for the 'real moment,' we must be honest with ourselves and honest to the others and ready to reconcile all intricate contentions. ("Quest for the real moment")”
“I feel bad for you, experiencing such troubles. Let's look up as we move forward, though. You're fine the way you are. You have dreams so you'll be all right. You're not alone. If you keep walking, you'll find your path. Everyone is cheering for you. As you do your best, you shine. You'll succeed if you keep moving ahead with positive thinking; so, let's walk toward tomorrow together. The future is bright. We're people, we're people, we're people. . .”
“It is in the darkest hour, when we are faced with our deepest most wrenching fears, that we are given the greatest strength. The choice is whether we succumb to the fear or rise with courage to face our truth and shine our brilliance as our sword of valor.”
“It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“Direction is better than speed.”
“If you want to write a fantasy story with Norse gods, sentient robots, and telepathic dinosaurs, you can do just that. Want to throw in a vampire and a lesbian unicorn while you're at it? Go ahead. Nothing's off limits. But the endless possibility of the genre is a trap. It's easy to get distracted by the glittering props available to you and forget what you're supposed to be doing: telling a good story. Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.”
“But hoping," he said, "is how the impossible can be possible after all.”
“As Kevin climbed the three flights of stairs to his apartment, his brain formulated a vague plan of action. He could not have explained it to anyone or even to himself in coherent sentences. But the outline was there in Kevin’s subconscious. It would not only change his life, but many others, as well. A Call to Action had been born.”
“For every woman, there is that one man who could get her to go anywhere he wanted her to go, do anything he wanted her to do—reach into her soul and turn her whole world on its ear—challenge everything she thought she believed. Highlighted by 24 Kindle users”
“Unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall much be required.”
“feminism is for everybody”
“There is a parallel relationship between being creative and being intelligent.”
“I have stolen ideas from every book I have ever read.”
“May you be filled with love, peace, patience, strength, and courage to face the rest of the day. No matter what happens you can restore balance through taking a moment to focus on your breath, gratitude, and positive thoughts.”
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”
“We are deluded by Maya, and we are the slaves of illusion.”
“Deep inside, all of us desire to love and be loved. Love is our true nature because love is the nature of our spirit. That is why when we get in touch with our spirit, we get in touch with love. Composting the Ego Leaf Lessons”
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”
“You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.”
“NEVER let anything or anyone STEAL your joy. Those are open to love; we love who you are and just the way you are. We are humans who are not expected to be PERFECT. God made us just the way we are. Our being cannot be defined by how we look but by our character, knowing this to be the best we can be and knowing that we are uniquely created just the way we are.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“The ‘Inside-Out’ approach to personal and interpersonal effectiveness means to start first with self; even more fundamentally, to start with the most inside part of self—with your paradigms, your character, and your motives.”
“Doing what I like to do, the way I like to do it   makes me happy.”
“Storytelling is everything, tell your stories to influence the right people around the world”
“Do not wait for a change of environment before you act; get a change of environment by action. You can so act upon the environment in which you are now as to cause yourself to be transferred to a better environment. Hold with faith and purpose the vision of yourself in the better environment, but act upon your present environment with all your heart, and with all your strength, and with all your mind.”
“The power of empowerment can change the world, one person at a time.”
“Similar to the clay on the wheel, if we are not centered in God's truth, we will be "off-centered" Christians.”
“I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this. [ Cormac McCarthy's Venomous Fiction , New York Times, April 19, 1992]”
“We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences”
“The wind of grace coming through the window and telling me to set myself free from all the cares put upon me by the world. And to take me to the heavenly land of love and life.”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent ”
“Don’t lose your heart when things are uncertain; instead, let it be the compass that guides you back to your truest self.”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.”
“Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.”
“Trust your gut feelings and go for what feels right to you, which will always be the most rewarding journey to pursue.”
“Some delays are meant to preserve your life. So do not be weary when things do not go according to your plan.”
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”
“Grace is the breath of God—an invisible essence beyond intellect that moves swiftly amongst us. It is not only possible to become a living conduit of this powerful force, grace is immediately accessible to us along with the courage to follow divine guidance.”
“He had been dazzled. Because of the dazzling brightness, he had had to kill [Seigen]. All who had encountered Seigen had had their hearts stolen by that brightness. That envy had turned to malice.”
“People often belittle the place where they were born but heaven can be found in the most unlikely places.”
“It is not natural to hold onto the past, just as it is not natural to hold onto the breath. Let go, let go, let go. And be with what is now.”
“Regardless of one's destination, all roads lead home.”
“As God's creation, my job is to point back to Him. I should praise Him for making me instead of complaining to Him about how He chose to make me.”
“I thought how lovely and how strange a river is. A river is a river, always there, and yet the water flowing through it is never the same water and is never still. It’s always changing and is always on the move. And over time the river itself changes too. It widens and deepens as it rubs and scours, gnaws and kneads, eats and bores its way through the land. Even the greatest rivers- the Nile and the Ganges, the Yangtze and he Mississippi, the Amazon and the great grey-green greasy Limpopo all set about with fever trees-must have been no more than trickles and flickering streams before they grew into mighty rivers. Are people like that? I wondered. Am I like that? Always me, like the river itself, always flowing but always different, like the water flowing in the river, sometimes walking steadily along andante, sometimes surging over rapids furioso, sometimes meandering wit hardly any visible movement tranquilo, lento, ppp pianissimo, sometimes gurgling giacoso with pleasure, sometimes sparkling brillante in the sun, sometimes lacrimoso, sometimes appassionato, sometimes misterioso, sometimes pesante, sometimes legato, sometimes staccato, sometimes sospirando, sometimes vivace, and always, I hope, amoroso. Do I change like a river, widening and deepening, eddying back on myself sometimes, bursting my banks sometimes when there’s too much water, too much life in me, and sometimes dried up from lack of rain? Will the I that is me grow and widen and deepen? Or will I stagnate and become an arid riverbed? Will I allow people to dam me up and confine me to wall so that I flow only where they want? Will I allow them to turn me into a canal to use for they own purposes? Or will I make sure I flow freely, coursing my way through the land and ploughing a valley of my own?”
“Death doesn't have to be seen as this scary thing. It's a beautiful reminder that each of our breaths, each heartbeat, is a gift to cherish.”
“The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven not man's.”
“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”
“A single present moment, when embraced with unwavering attentiveness, holds within it the essence of years. For in the depths of mindful observation, time expands, revealing the richness and profundity that can be found within a fleeting instant.”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.”
“It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.”
“We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“But in the end it's only a passing thing, this shadow; even darkness must pass.”
“Errors tell us that we are trying new things, using different approaches, or thinking in such a manner that does not conform to normalcy.”
“Be at your peace and take life less serious. You'll live longer”
“More healthy lifestyle balanced come from healthy eating spiritual and physical.”
“Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!”
“A caring woman loves to be taken care of, even though she is the one who often takes care of others.”
“The highest call in life is when you give yourself to others and expect nothing from them”
“Look beyond the words spoken; actions speak louder than words and reveal the true motives behind any pretext.”
“We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.”
“Happiness is a mysterious thing, to be found somewhere between too little and too much.”
“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
“To me, when someone wrongs you, you both share the burden of that wrongdoing - the pain of it weighs on both of you. Forgiveness, then, means choosing to bear the full weight all by yourself. Caleb's betrayal is something we both carry, and since he did it, all I've wanted is for him to take its weight away from me. I am not sure that I'm capable of shouldering it all myself - not sure that I am strong enough, or good enough.”
“Wisdom comes from knowing the order of things and you are the first order of your business.”
“First of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.”
“Learn to love who you are and what you do, and most of all, be proud of yourself.”
“Fairy tales serve as a timeless reminder that there is magic in the world and that, with enough faith, anything is possible.”
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”
“Dance overwhelms you, as though an entire world moves within you.”
“I am the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in life’s chasms. I am also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart, instead of sage advice thrown my way.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life…”
“If you want to sing, you sing without considering who is listening or what they might think.”
“The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.”
“Every day is an opportunity for new adventures. Seize them with open arms.”
“What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature’s course.”
“There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.”
“Time is a human invention, You can slow down or you can speed it up.”
“It’s not something he can do anything about, being a bleeder, anymore than a guy with a glass jaw can do something about not having whiskers.”
“I'd heard of Evergreen Care Center before. Cass and I had always made fun of the stupid ads they ran on TV, featuring some dragged-out woman with a limp perm and big, painted-on circles under her eyes, downing vodka and sobbing uncontrollably. "We can't heal you at Evergreen", the very somber voiceover said. "But we can help you to heal yourself." It had become our own running joke, applicable to almost anything. "Hey Cass, "I'd say, "hand me that toothpaste." "Caitlin," she'd say, her voice dark and serious. "I can't hand you the toothpaste. But I CAN help you hand the toothpaste to yourself.”
“I was my own woman. The next step was to find the proper sort of man.”
“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”
“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
“Ignore Haters;They will become Fan one day”
“If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.”
“Think of what starlight And lamplight would lack Diamonds and fireflies If they couldn’t lean against Black. . . .”
“There are things you can change, the ones you can accomodate the ones you must avoid and the ones you definitely cannot do anything about. If you surrender all of them to JESUS the LORD, HE would give you Peace and Love in return.”
“Writers create impressions that inspire, stir emotions, evoke questions and sprinkle seeds of awe.”
“In the storm of dreams, lightning feet, and thunderous heartbeats begin to dance.”
“Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you, Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.”
“If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.”
“I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.”
“Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.”
“If you are spiritual then you are spirituality.”
“I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.”
“What if you could pick one day of your life, and everything would stop changing, every day would be similar and comparable to that one day, you'd always have the same people with you? If you could do that, would you do it? Would you pick that day and make that choice? We crave for things to stop changing, we wish that things would never change. But if we got what we wanted, there are so many things that are better, that we would never, ever know about. Sure, things would stay the same as that one wonderful day, but then there would be nothing else out there, ever. So can you remember the very first day when everything really did begin to change? Is there a thing that can remind you? Mine is a blue rose, and that's when everything began to change because that's the day I began to believe in things I never believed in before; the day I found three blue roses. Think about your first day of change, can you remember all the new heights you've soared since that day? All the new people? All the better things and times? Would you throw all of that time away? I wouldn't. Instead, I want to finally accept all the things that I couldn't change, which led to me being right here, right now. Maybe we all carry around inside us one day we wish we could keep forever, something we wished never did change. It's time to let go of that day, and soar.”
“True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.”
“With great power comes great responsibility.”
“It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.”
“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”
“If reading makes you happy, do it. Whatever makes your heart sing and brings you joy, do that too.”
“You can't always judge people by the things they done. You got to judge them by what they are doing now.”
“Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!”
“An elegant woman does not settle for mediocrity, because she is excellence-oriented.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“Study so that you are able to meet arguments of your opponents. Equip your ideology with supporting arguments. If you oppose a prevailing belief, if you criticize a great person who is considered to be an incarnation, you will find that your criticism will be answered by calling you vain and egoist. The reason for this is mental ignorance. Logic and free thinking are the twin qualities that a revolutionary must inevitably possess. To say that Mahatmas, who are great, should not be criticized because they are above criticism and for this reason, whatever they say about politics, religion, economics and ethics is correct and that whatever they say will have to be accepted, whether you believe it or not, reveals a mentality which cannot lead us to progress and is clearly regressive.”
“Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.”
“If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.”
“Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“By sharing your pain with others, you may give them the strength to abuse your wound, but by sharing your pain only with yourself, you gain the strength to overcome the situation”
“But confining myself more to the particular, I say that a prince may be seen happy to-day and ruined to-morrow without having shown any change of disposition or character. This, I believe, arises firstly from causes that have already been discussed at length, namely, that the prince who relies entirely upon fortune is lost when it changes. I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. Because men are seen, in affairs that lead to the end which every man has before him, namely, glory and riches, to get there by various methods; one with caution, another with haste; one by force, another by skill; one by patience, another by its opposite; and each one succeeds in reaching the goal by a different method. One can also see of two cautious men the one attain his end, the other fail; and similarly, two men by different observances are equally successful, the one being cautious, the other impetuous; all this arises from nothing else than whether or not they conform in their methods to the spirit of the times. This follows from what I have said, that two men working differently bring about the same effect, and of two working similarly, one attains his object and the other does not.”
“Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.”
“Epiphanies are hidden in the most ordinary of moments: the casting of a shadow, the smell of a match igniting, an unusual phrase overheard or misheard. A dedication to the practice of showing up on a regular basis is the main requirement. [for inspiration]”
“Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.”
“When a presumptively heterosexual man makes gratuitous transfers of money to a woman who is not his wife or daughter, it raises, fairly or not, questions about the man's motivations.”
“As soon as you honor the present moment, all unhappiness and struggle dissolve, and life begins to flow with joy and ease. When you act out the present-moment awareness, whatever you do becomes imbued with a sense of quality, care, and love - even the most simple action.”
“In life there is reality and there is what you want in life. If you took a moment to step back and forget about everything that is going on that doesn't really mean that much anyway, you might be able to figure out how to get what you want and what has been stopping you. For every problem there is a solution, for every  need God has provided the answer, and for every want there is a way. Reality is what you make it.”
“May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through mortality  First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.”
“Hello!" He said hello and then said, "What are you up to now?" "I'm still crazy. The rain feels good. I love to walk in it. "I don't think I'd like that," he said. "You might if you tried." "I never have." She licked her lips. "Rain even tastes good." "What do you do, go around trying everything once?" he asked. "Sometimes twice.”
“Never dull your shine for somebody else.”
“Never sit home all day go forth, meet people, and find something to get into because that is where true experiences develop. But remember the best experiences are things that develop social intelligence, personal fun, and can make you grow as a person.”
“I radiate with the light that all women share. I cherish that light and acknowledge it in every woman I pass.”
“Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.”
“Prayer is an insurance policy that you can never lapse on.”
“For it is our scars that show us where we've been; let them not dictate where we are going.”
“You're not trapped where you are. Your mind is tricking you.”
“If you want to know a person’s true character, observe how he treats those who don’t matter.”
“What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?”
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus”
“What is it you do, then? I'll tell you: You leave out whatever doesn't suit you. As the author himself has done before you. Just as you leave things out of your dreams and fantasies. By leaving things out, we bring beauty and excitement into the world. We evidently handle our reality by effecting some sort of compromise with it, an in-between state where the emotions prevent each other from reaching their fullest intensity, graying the colors somewhat. Children who haven't yet reached that point of control are both happier and unhappier than adults who have. And yes, stupid people also leave things out, which is why ignorance is bliss. So I propose, to begin with, that we try to love each other as if we were characters in a novel who have met in the pages of a book. Let's in any case leave off all the fatty tissue that plumps up reality.”
“I could taste the salt on her lips, each kiss like a summer wave breaking on an empty beach.”
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.”
“Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly’s wings assures me of a pure, innocent world”
“A person doesn't have to change who he is to become better.”
“Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.”
“One of its primary roles is in motivation and reward. You probably know of dopamine because of its reputation as the brain’s pleasure juice. When you feel pleasure, you are getting squirted on by dopamine.”
“We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.”
“Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!”
“God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”
“In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“Don't let your dreams rust! Listen to your youthful bells ringing loud inside of you.”
“You've got to show the world who you are before it tells you. Otherwise you become victim to someone you're not.”
“Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.”
“Just as clouds are constantly moving, our lives are constantly changing.”
“Rejection will come into your life to make you uncomfortable so that you can work more towards your dreams and don't give up on your dreams”
“I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!”
“The only assurance to share is that change is forever constant.”
“Whoever is FOR you will always be WITH you; however, not Everyone who is WITH you is FOR you.”
“People turn to meditation because they want to make good decisions, break bad habits & bounce back better from disappointments.”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“In harsh times, and as a last resort, cry yourself out. Express your desperation.”
“Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.”
“Hope is holding on to the promises of God.”
“You can't move a rock by your self. You just need a lever to change the direction of that rock. That is smart work.”
“If you’re living a reality you don’t like, chances are you’re living out beliefs that are not serving you—beliefs that limit your creativity, your inspiration, and your ability to thrive.”
“You save yourself or you remain unsaved.”
“The transparent glassy moon shines abroad, and reflects the radiance above jocund streams, a cluster of stars kiss the night’s cheek, I envy! the Music faints, yet it pretends to be happy, a beam of Wisdom stills me, and bestirs, my wings are unfolded to fly, to fly! to a world, never, ever have I seen, from a World, I lost the love.”
“Nature's serene beauty and tranquillity aid in one's search.”
“Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.”
“Sometimes you start early and finish later, it does not mean that you have taken more time, it means that you experienced much more than others.”
“You tired to call by names through your body size look just change the lifestyle.”
“Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“If you’ve had to make an effort to fit-in , then it concludes that you’ve been trying on the wrong size”
“It isn't the happy ending Ingrid and I had dreamed up, but it's all a part of what I'm working through. The way life changes. The way people and things disappear. Then appear, unexpectedly, and hold you close.”
“Fashion is always an instant language  easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“If this is all we get, then let's take it. I want to be fearless and free," she says, giving me a look, daring me. "It's just life, Will. It'll be over before we know it.”
“When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”
“Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.”
“. . . when it comes down to it, that’s what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can’t show up anymore.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.”
“Accept yourself as a beginner and use your mistakes to your advantage.”
“Thr Maker made all men.”
“Make a wish on a shooting star; the universe will align to hear your heart’s desires.”
“One Choice One Choice, decided your friends. One Choice, defines your beliefs. One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever. ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU”
“The cyclone ends. The sun returns; the lofty coconut trees lift up their plumes again; man does likewise. The great anguish is over; joy has returned; the sea smiles like a child.”
“TURN YOUR FEARS TO PRAYER.”
“She was like the sun, She knew her place in the world - She would shine again regardless of all the storms and changeable weather She wouldn't adjust her purpose for things that pass.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential.”
“There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.”
“If your dreams no longer resonate with you, it may be time to begin questioning your aspirations.”
“You know, we can quote the written Word all day to our friends, but nothing will touch them like our own hunger and love for the Word himself. It is not dutiful love that attracts but love freely lavished from a heart familiar with the gardens of heaven.”
“My purpose is: What Lord? Where Lord? When Lord? Yes Lord!”
“I believe that God can put up with almost our shortcomings until we start to complain.”
“We do not glorify anything else by deeming it worthy enough of our fear. The only One worthy of our fear is God.”
“Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".”
“Four times during the first six days they were assembled and briefed and then sent back. Once, they took off and were flying in formation when the control tower summoned them down. The more it rained, the worse they suffered. The worse they suffered, the more they prayed that it would continue raining. All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars. All through the day, they looked at the bomb line on the big, wobbling easel map of Italy that blew over in the wind and was dragged in under the awning of the intelligence tent every time the rain began. The bomb line was a scarlet band of narrow satin ribbon that delineated the forward most position of the Allied ground forces in every sector of the Italian mainland. For hours they stared relentlessly at the scarlet ribbon on the map and hated it because it would not move up high enough to encompass the city. When night fell, they congregated in the darkness with flashlights, continuing their macabre vigil at the bomb line in brooding entreaty as though hoping to move the ribbon up by the collective weight of their sullen prayers. "I really can't believe it," Clevinger exclaimed to Yossarian in a voice rising and falling in protest and wonder. "It's a complete reversion to primitive superstition. They're confusing cause and effect. It makes as much sense as knocking on wood or crossing your fingers. They really believe that we wouldn't have to fly that mission tomorrow if someone would only tiptoe up to the map in the middle of the night and move the bomb line over Bologna. Can you imagine? You and I must be the only rational ones left." In the middle of the night Yossarian knocked on wood, crossed his fingers, and tiptoed out of his tent to move the bomb line up over Bologna.”
“And me, standing under the splintered night, catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black, hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night. Its voice cracks, on your name. My eyes close, on your name.”
“Every day in every way we are leaving our mark.”
“It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.”
“Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.”
“Belief that you can act is a powerful motivator. Belief that change can happen in a flash is an even stronger motivator.”
“I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.”
“When we set a goal to make a change and then screw it up, we’re usually just trying to meet a neglected need. If we can find alternative ways to fill those needs, we’ve got a shot at leaving some of those old habits behind.”
“Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds.”
“Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith ”
“If a man tells you that he is fond of the Imitation , view him with sudden suspicion; he is either a dabbler or a Saint.”
“When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“She does not have an issue with a non-issue, because she is a woman of virtue.”
“She remembered who she was and the game changed.”
“I ask not for any crown But that which all may win; Nor try to conquer any world Except the one within.”
“When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.”
“Fight for the things you deserve”
“An eye is meant to see things. The soul is here for its own joy. A head has one use: For loving a true love. Feet: To chase after. Love is for vanishing into the sky. The mind, for learning what men have done and tried to do. Mysteries are not to be solved: The eye goes blind when it only wants to see why. A lover is always accused of something. But when he finds his love, whatever was lost in the looking comes back completely changed.”
“Without economic development, how can an individual be empowered by education?”
“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.”
“Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.”
“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
“His lack of will eroded his deep features and took from him everything he loved or that people loved about him. A zombie had more drive. A vegetable had more insight. A rock had more resolve.”
“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up”
“Prayer is a tranquilliser in the times of pain.”
“It is critical to truly fulfill your purpose and contribute to the betterment of humankind. No two journeys look the same.”
“May you have an heartfelt joy to be alive.”
“To recognize that the greatest error is not to have tried and failed, but that in trying, we did not give it our best effort”
“Dear Daughter, Take no shortcuts to prosperity if you want to become great. When you follow the due process, it will lead you to greatness and teach you a great sense of responsibility.”
“But I suppose you must touch life in order to spring from it.”
“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.”
“Anyone who is having troubles should pray. Anyone who is happy should sing praises. Anyone who is sick should call the church's elders. They should pray for and pour oil on the person in the name of the Lord. And the prayer that is said with faith will make the sick person well; the Lord will heal that person. And if the person has sinned, the sins will be forgiven. Confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so God can heal you. When a believing person prays, great things happen. (James 5:13-16)”
“Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.”
“We may carry out mistakes that readily affect family or friends. Acknowledge and apologize.”
“Inspiration is like perspiration. It tends to strike at the most inopportune of times.”
“Self-doubt is a disease and has no medicine”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“We are all messed up creatures trying to find our way through life.”
“The greatest thing you will ever give to the world is your committment to leave what you find in better condition than the way you found it. Leave a single light in a place where there was once darkness so those coming behind you may see further and begin where you left.”
“Sometimes it is because we are chosen, that we are rejected.”
“Do not apologize for having standards”
“Vladimir, be reasonable, you haven't yet tried everything. And I resumed the struggle.”
“It's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world. It's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless.”
“Sometimes we know in our bones what we really need to do, but we're afraid to do it. Taking a chance and stepping beyond the safety of the world we've always known is the only way to grow, though and without risk there is no reward.”
“For it is scars that show us where we've been; let them not dictate where we are going.”
“It's how we see the world that keeps the darkness beyond at bay. Keeps it from pouring through and devouring us. I think all of us might know that, way down deep.”
“#shreeshambav Plant the seeds of love, kindness, empathy, and compassion, and they will return to you in abundance, according to nature's law. -Shree Shambav”
“No matter how successful you are in life, you will eventually die. But the only thing that matters is the positive impact you have made in people's life. And that is what you will be remembered for, for a long time.”
“Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.”
“We go after what we need to feel safe and secure, stimulated, alive, and at peace. That’s just being human. Sometimes we use methods that aren’t so healthy—and then those methods become habits. But if we tune in to what we’re aching for, we can find ways to fill those gaps in healthier, more productive ways.”
“As water transitions from air to ice, and water again; so do we. Like water, Being is a transition of mind, body, and spirit  Like air, which exists despite water or ice, Spirit exists despite body or mind. Love is our living waters. God is Love.”
“Heart, brain and backbone, if you have these three, you have everything to succeed.”
“It is not so much where my motivation comes from but rather how it manages to survive.”
“In the context of healing with L♥VE, it’s important to know that L♥VE is said to be the highest vibration and energy that moves through your heart, your mind, and your soul.”
“There's only one earth, and one glorious sky One fleeting time, quickly passing us by To put our differences aside, and make everything alright For our one human race No matter what tongue, creed, color or faith”
“Believe you can and you're halfway there.”
“Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.”
“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
“There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.”
“Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.”
“War crimes, you say? No matter how many policies you put on paper, in reality, there are no rights and wrongs in war. War itself is a crime. War cannot be justified. I believe, the only people, in this world, whose opinions matter, are the ones who go the extra mile to help other people expecting nothing in return. Soldiers who fight fiercely for their country, the doctors in Sri Lanka's public hospitals attending to hundreds of patients at a time for no extra pay , the nuns who voluntarily teach English and math to children of refugee camps in the north, the monks who collect food to feed entire villages during crises, they are the people worth listening to, their opinion matters. So find me one of them who will say: they wish the war didn't end in 2009, that they wish Sri Lanka was divided into two parts. Find me one of them who agrees with the international war crime allegations against Sri Lanka, and I will listen. But I will not listen to the opinions of those who are paid to find faults in a war they were never a part of, a war they never experienced themselves. I will not listen to the opinions of those who watched the war on tv or read about it on the internet or were moved by a documentary on Al Jazeera. The war is over. The damage is done. Let Sri Lanka move on. So our children will never have to see what we've seen.”
“To develop your thoughts, it is necessary to develop your insight towards those developments”
“Faith is not like a raincoat, only to be worn on drizzly days.”
“Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.”
“Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.”
“Believe in yourself and you'll be unstoppable, for within you lies infinite potential.”
“Success is not a number. It's about accomplishing your mission. Noah spent years building a boat that was only used once. Ignore the critiques. Build your boat!”
“There is no dishonor in losing the race. There is only dishonor in not racing because you are afraid to lose.”
“Strive through your adversities with a tenacious mindset and a sincere heart and there shall surely be a great end when you get to the end unrelentingly. You shall surely leave a noble mark when you endure to the end and you shall surely smile in the end and ponder over how the journey to the end was. Note; there is no sweet fruit that is not the product of the dirty soil. No matter what, keep moving on!”
“Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.”
“My dreams are my inspirations.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“Give it all to God, and have peace knowing that everything happens as it should, and when it should. Keep Doing Your Best!”
“A queen of a magnificent type An angel from a mysterious time The iron lady escaped all the hype She made every moment her prime”
“A powerful woman always finds a way to inspire and empower other women.”
“I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a”
“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”
“Until knowledge becomes part of you, it is not possible to talk about awareness, or true understanding. Everything must come from and into an organism. Theories are only valid when made organic — ”organic” as in "part of the body". The knowledge that has to be learned and followed like a discipline is useless. It doesn't matter which amount of knowledge you absorb or in which variety. Knowledge can’t be remembered all the time in the same proportion that is kept, not all of it, and not all of it at the same time. As a matter of fact, when knowledge is not assimilated above personal interests, that same knowledge is already corrupted. When knowledge is seen as a means to a goal, either it is in obtaining something from the outside world, or passing some test, this knowledge has not become organic but merely used as a tool. That's why so many people avoid being confronted with their ignorance and react angrily when faced with their contradictions, which is quite obvious when we compare what they learn and what they say. You see this everywhere, in teachers, politicians, religious groups, and so on. And then you wonder why are people not honest. But they can’t understand honesty as much as they can’t understand their own ignorance. The stupid are not aware they are stupid, and that’s what really makes them stupid. When someone is too stupid, ignorance is replaced by arrogance. And then this person feels like the world is a bit threat to survival at an individual level. We call this attitude being egotistic. But you can’t stop being an egotistic when suppressing your emotions, or imagining that everyone is a source of negative energy but you. As a matter of fact, you commonly see the egotistic drop into apathy precisely because they confuse the work they must do on themselves with the anger they feel for the world as a whole. Have you ever noticed how easily people turn to anger when you ask them a question? That’s a reaction of someone moving from apathy to fear. On the surface this person is acting like a rude individual, but the emotions behind this behavior are those one feels when watching a horror movie. They are afraid of their own feelings, and project this fear as an aggression. Now comes the interesting part: Who are they attacking? They are attacking precisely the one that can help them, because only such individual will ask the right questions. An individual on apathy and lack of interest, can’t ask anything that is interesting or motivating. So we come to an interesting paradox in society, that those who can uplift others, end up being perceived as a threat to them. And that’s the simplest way to explain insanity.”
“disasters are instant, improvements are gradual”
“People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there”
“Yes, life brings dreams; we dream to live a life. We must live and keep dreaming of becoming engaged with our life purpose.”
“Hope Smiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier' ”
“We constantly place value on the material world and consider it to be the source of ultimate truth and happiness.”
“Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!”
“Rise and rise again until lambs become lions”
“Live in your identity, not your history.”
“Without the momentum of a stern discipline, motivation is mostly a momentary, flighty emotion. For it works best under the supervision of discipline, but can serve as not only an ally but also an enemy: because in anything that requires your self-discipline - whether going to church, going to classes, going to workouts, going through trainings, completing jobs, reading books, living well, eating healthily, studying, practicing something - the more times you skip, the more relaxed and motivated you'll become about skipping; and the next thing you know you've quit your fight altogether (or, put in short, the more you skip, the more you'll skip until you've quit). Maybe then you'll see that motivation bears its fruits when watered by discipline, but it spoils when not.”
“Formerly I believed books were made like this: a poet came, lightly opened his lips, and the inspired fool burst into song – if you please! But it seems, before they can launch a song, poets must tramp for days with callused feet, and the sluggish fish of the imagination flounders softly in the slush of the heart. And while, with twittering rhymes, they boil a broth of loves and nightingales, the tongueless street merely writhes for lack of something to shout or say”
“When love dies, the heart's ashes do not leave on the wind—they rest on the mantelpiece of the soul, darkening the sunrise we once saw to be beautiful.”
“The Lord keeps the lamp burning continually.”
“She could hear, some way off, her brothers calling to each other in the woods behind the house. She hoped desperately that their game wouldn't bring them any closer, that they wouldn't scare the birds away. Somehow she knew that you didn't get many moments like this in your life: moments when you knew, without any doubt, that you were alive, when you felt the air in your lungs and the wet grass beneath your feet and the cotton on your skin; moments when you were completely in the present, when neither the past nor the future mattered. She tried to slow her breathing, hoping somehow to make this moment last forever.”
“be who you set out to be ”
“Learn from stars; even in the dark they give off light, not despair.”
“Modern Slavery is the lack of emancipation from Mental Slavery.”
“Life is not black and white. There are too many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.” —Tom Clancy “To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.” —Leonard Bernstein "Sharing what you have is more important than what you have." --Albert M. Wells, Jr. Sign Up to receive a quote like this each Wednesday, visit my website”
“We all live in a myriad of dualities.”
“Your frequent failures are the result of your persistent bad habits and undisciplined life.”
“Woman is a delicate creature with strong emotions who has been created by the Almighty God to shoulder responsibility for educating society and moving toward perfection. God created woman as symbol of His own beauty and to give solace to her partner and her family.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“But I need you all, my dear students, to speak beauty more than figures, speak phrases of encouragement more than precise mathematical statistics, speak words of innovation more than historical events and you should speak with your soul rather than just for the sake. What good is it to be famous, if you can’t speak well? So, by the end of this year, we shall have many motivational speakers, and all of us will live a motivated life. Speaking is an art, and everyone cannot become an artist. But give in your heart and soul, and nothing is impossible.”
“Your attitude is an impression… you leave with anyone you meet… but most importantly is the… impression you leave on yourself… Mike Fearn, Author”
“I never loved another person the way I loved myself.”
“Everyone needs encouragement.”
“People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“If it's giving you stress, it's not the right game for you.”
“Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.”
“A healthy dose of pain and discomfort is required to balance out all the highs of live embrace the challenge!”
“The secret to strong leaders is that strong leaders are strong because they have been tempered by the negative. They have discovered the secret of combining the negative and the positive to PRODUCED their very own POWER plant!”
“Tragedy and adversary are the stones we sharpen our swords against so we can fight new battles.”
“Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.”
“All the effort in the world won't matter if you're not inspired.”
“Chapter One of My Life. I walk down the street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I fall in. I am lost. I am helpless. It isn't my fault. It still takes forever to find a way out. Chapter Two. I walk down the same street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I pretend I don't see it. I fall in again. I can't believe I'm in the same place! But it isn't my fault. And it still takes a long time to get out. Chapter Three. I walk down the same street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I see it there. I still fall in. It's a habit! My eyes are open. I know where I am. It is my fault. I get out immediately. Chapter Four. I walk down the same street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I walk around it. Chapter Five. I walk down a different street.”
“why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out”
“Never miss an opportunity to show your love, especially to those close to you, because we are always at our most cautious with them for fear of being hurt.”
“Doubt is a question mark; faith is an exclamation point. The most compelling, believable, realistic stories have included them both.”
“You must take responsibility for removing I can't from your vocabulary.”
“Love, being in love, isn’t a constant thing. It doesn’t always flow at the same strength. It’s not always like a river in flood. It’s more like the sea. It has tides, it ebbs and flows. The thing is, when love is real, whether it’s ebbing or flowing, it’s always there, it never goes away. And that’s the only proof you can have that it is real, and not just a crush or an infatuation or a passing fancy”
“Beautiful is this choreography of celestial entities dancing on the wings of cosmic melodies.”
“We meet no ordinary people in our lives.”
“Live life to live legacy, for other people to continue it and benefits.”
“There isn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies, heartburnings, callings to account. There is only time for loving, and but an instant, so to speak, for that.”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all ”
“Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“To be taught to read—what is the use of that, if you know not whether what you read is false or true? To be taught to write or to speak—but what is the use of speaking, if you have nothing to say? To be taught to think—nay, what is the use of being able to think, if you have nothing to think of? But to be taught to see is to gain word and thought at once, and both true.”
“I thought living life without God is enough after I learn lessons in my journey of life which is knowing that everything you do or go through need his leadership so there's no cutting corners or bribe you'll end up play marry go round to learn the lesson.”
“A restless mind makes for a ruffled pillow.”
“We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.”
“The thing I want you especially to understand is this feeling of divine revelation. I feel that this structure was "out there" all along I just couldn't see it. And now I can! This is really what keeps me in the math game-- the chance that I might glimpse some kind of secret underlying truth, some sort of message from the gods.”
“God’s joy can fill our days with gladness until we receive the answer we are waiting for.”
“Love and feelings But then, Mahreen does something very unexpected. She holds Hope’s hand and slowly brings her closer to the rose. As both sit on the floor looking at the red rose, she asks Saabir to hold her finger and make her feel the velvety surface of the rose petals and kiss her. Then Mahreen leaves them alone in the moment, in the presence of the most fragrant, very still and the most beautiful red rose. Saabir kisses her. Hope takes a deep breath, and now she can smell Saabir with traces of rose scent. This uplifts her mood and enlivens her senses. She holds Saabir’s neck with her right hand and begins to smell it. As she kisses him again, and again, and again; she cries and finally tears emerge from her eyes; and she falls unconscious in Saabir’s arms- Tonight Hope experienced the virgin feelings of a quintessential human being capable of experiencing and expressing emotions. Tonight Hope may have fallen unconscious, but she shall wake up as a conscious, sensitive, and an emotionally enriched woman. A true Hope!”
“I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.”
“In the case of large projects, a change of perspective can come from the technique of chunking - where a large effort is taken and broken down into more manageable components.”
“A man who moves mountains must be motivated.”
“Dear Superwoman, Learn to recognize a sinking ship and get off before it sinks with you.”
“Both happiness and sadness exist as fleeting states. Once we are able to acknowledge this, we acquire tools of resiliency to propel us through periods of struggle and a level of respect that will allow appreciation during times of bliss.”
“Don't you know no one can escape the power of creatures reaching out with breath alone?”
“The greatest personal limitation is to be found not in the things you want to do and can't, but in the things you've never considered doing.”
“If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.”
“An argument is a bottomless well. When someone jumps inside the well expecting to  obtain pearls, they find filth instead in their hands.”
“Love those you hate you.”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are ! . . . Words of Wisdom take or leave!”
“Don't wait on anyone to tell you what you are worth. You have to be the first person who knows what you are worth and who can say what you are worth.”
“Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.”
“If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.”
“What I’ve realized is that life doesn’t count for much unless you’re willing to do your small part to leave our children — all of our children — a better world. Any fool can have a child. That doesn’t make you a father. It’s the courage to raise a child that makes you a father.”
“I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.”
“I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ? Well,necessary or not, they happen. When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes. The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !”
“How can you trust me, after what your own brother did to you?’ ‘Because he was false,’ said Damen, ‘and you are true. I have never known a truer man.”
“It would be a much more blooming world if we share with others whatever good we have in us.”
“you do not need the sky to fly, you need wings to fly ~ Zoya”
“In the desire to control others, we lose control over ourselves.”
“You can't go home again”
“The thing about making butter is that it feels like it'll never be done, almost right up to the moment when it is done. If what you want is butter, you have to keep going, even if you only half believe you'll get there.”
“She was beautiful, but not like those girls in magazines. She was beautiful, for the way she thought. She was beautiful, for the sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved. She was beautiful, for her ability to make other people smile, even if she was sad. No, she wasn't beautiful for something as temporary as her looks. She was beautiful, deep down to her soul. She is beautiful.”
“We all have the same beginning - birth - and we all have the same end - death. So how different can we be?”
“I’ve lost heart more times than I can count. But God has always helped me find it one more time than I can count.”
“You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.”
“It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!”
“If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live”
“Love gives us the motivation to keep moving forward. It sheds light on the darkness of trauma so that triumph can prevail. I firmly believe that creativity and its inherent beauty would help change the world for the better if more countries, cultures, and people embraced this sort of mentality. There is a profound richness of experience that is shared within having a sense of community. It unifies the human condition by emphasizing pleasure’s treasure!”
“Being your original help you on being hunted to reveal your reality try it.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“Since childhood, we have conditioned ourselves to stay away from the rain. The rain is not the problem. What the rain represents is the problem. All we hear are the voices of our 'loved ones' who brainwashed us with their broken view of life whenever it rains.”
“May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch”
“We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.”
“The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization.”
“Every sunrise is priceless and you can experience the richness that life holds only when you live life to the full instead of just being an onlooker.”
“And still, after all this time, The sun never says to the earth, "You owe Me." Look what happens with A love like that, It lights the Whole Sky.”
“Embracing pain, chaos and failure is hard, Empowering the weak is a process, Evolving from your own past is a journey! Let's celebrate the path of endurance with patience, focus and smile!”
“It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.”
“Our father came to sleep in our house that night. He carried a small suitcase with a black mourning suit and a pair of polished shoes. Corrigan stopped him as he made his way up the stairs. 'Where d'you think you're going?'Our father gripped the bannister. His hands were liverspotted and I could see him trembling in his pause. 'That's not your room,' sad Corrigan. Our father tottered on the stairs. He took another step up. 'Don't,' said my brother. His voice was clear, full, confidant. Our father stood stunned. He climbed one more step and then turned, descended, looked around, lost. 'My own sons,' he said. We made a bed for him on a sofa in the living room, but even then Corrigan refused to stay under the same roof; he went walking in the direction of the city center and I wondered what alley he might be found in later that night, what fist he might walk into, whose bottle he might climb down inside.”
“That's why I'm sorry. I'm sorry because you shouldn't have to be everything to me. I had you, but I'd forgotten that I had myself too. It's a new feeling, something I'm getting used to.”
“When I observe Gram, I see how fragile the notion of tradition can be. If I take my eyes off the way she kneads her Easter bread, or if I fail to study the way she sews a seam in suede, or if I lose the mental image I have of her when she negotiates a better deal with a button salesman, somehow, the very essence of her will be lost. When she goes, the responsibility for carrying on will fall to me. My mother says I’m the keeper of the flame, because I work here, and because I choose to live here. A flame is a very fragile thing, too, and there are times when I wonder if I’m the on who can keep it going.”
“Believe with all your heart that you will do what you were made to do.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”
“Some people may sit at the table to decide your fate but it is only God that can restore all what you've lost. Always trust God.”
“Focus on where you’re going and how deserved it is after fighting for as long as you did.”
“Even a zero can make 1 worth more”
“The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.”
“Always strive for continuous improvement.”
“Little things don't make perfection but perfection is made out of little things.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“A woman is chosen, consecrated and capacitated by the Almighty to play a crucial role in society.”
“Every style can suit you if you know how to wear for it.”
“Beware of the small things. A small leak can sink a great ship.”
“The pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love.”
“A Controlled Mind Can Create All That It Words !”
“Perfectionism demands slowing down from the evolution pace”
“In the pursuit of knowledge, remember that learning is a lifelong journey. Seek wisdom with humility and a thirst for understanding.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“Every single ONE of us is a unique VIBRATION in a beautiful Symphony of Infinite CREATION.”
“Any hand can condem, but it takes a helping hand to build.”
“A woman of peace does not convince others to do wicked things. She strives to bring peace wherever she is.”
“It doesn't matter what you do so long as you change something from the way it was before you touched it into something that's like you after you take your hands away.”
“I’m barely human. I’m more like a creature; to me, everything gives off a scent! Thoughts, moments, feelings, movements, words left unsaid, words barely spoken; they all have a distinct sense, distinct fragrances! Both a smell and a touch! To inhale is to capture, to experience! I can perceive and I can “touch” in so many odd ways! And so I am made up of all these scents, all these feelings! An illumination of nerve endings!”
“My body is a sacred temple. I treat it with love, kindness, nourishment, and respect.”
“THE MOMENT YOU GIVE UP YOUR OWN TRUTH, YOU BECOME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.”
“Having the life of your dreams is simple: make conscious choices.”
“There is something simply beautiful and simply innocent, in being human. It is just so innocent and beautiful. I love it.”
“A truth that no one knows is still the truth.”
“To summarize, using money to motivate people can be a double-edged sword. For tasks that require cognitive ability, low to moderate performance-based incentives can help. But when the incentive level is very high, it can command too much attention and thereby distract the person’s mind with thoughts about the reward. This can create stress and ultimately reduce the level of performance.”
“Everyone is a magician, it depends on how much you believe in your magic.”
“I'd like to add some beauty to life," said Anne dreamily. "I don't exactly want to make people KNOW more  though I know that IS the noblest ambition  but I'd love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me  to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.”
“Life is complicated. If life was simple, wouldn’t that make us simpletons?”
“I touched peaks impossible.”
“Raise the bar higher than your opinion ”
“Joy is the fountain of youth.”
“There are consequences to every action I take, but that does not keep me from acting. It motivates me to choose wisely, to be responsible, and understand the power that I have within me.”
“We are the Bibles the world is reading; We are the creeds the world is needing; We are the sermons the world is heeding.”
“It's not whether you got knocked down; it's whether you get back up.”
“Quess what? would be a dramatic love look on your transformed body fat to a healthy muscles through body activities.”
“Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Furnace”
“Only believe, you shall behold.”
“Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.”
“If any accolades come in the writing of this story, all praise will be His, all Glory will rightly go to Him. If He will allow me to share some part in this, I am truly humbled.”
“A heroic woman is never intimidated by the hardships of that time. She is motivated by what stands to be gained in the end.”
“Have to? Of course you have to! But only because of you, Harry, won't rest until Voldemort is finished! Think now, for once, if you have never heard of the prophecy! What would you do?”
“At the end of the day, there are very few people around you who truly want to see you peaceful, happy and content. Most of your friends only want to see you happy, peaceful and content, in ratio to their own happiness, peace and contentment. It's like, "Yeah, I want all your dreams to come true and I want to see you smile, but only for as much as I smile and only in proportion to how many of my own dreams come true." That's what people today call, "friendship" and "care". It's not really friendship and it's not really care. Then there's like one or two people who would celebrate your own happiness and success even if it's out of proportion to their own. And that's a real blessing right there, that's a real friendship.”
“I told him I had once lost everything I had, too, and that I think that can be God’s way of building walls around us to force us to look up at Him.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“Burnout is real. If you want success without the hustle and grind, plan for breaks and set boundaries for yourself.”
“Look people in their left eye. You'll get to know where you stand with them much easier.”
“I am writing in the garden. To write as one should of a garden one must write not outside it or merely somewhere near it, but in the garden.”
“It was a flight, a kind of fleeing, a kind of falling, falling higher and higher, spinning off the edge of the earth and beyond the sun and through the vast silent vacuum where there were no burdens and where everything weighed exactly nothing.”
“The only reason for a test is to grow our faith in His ability to help us pass it.”
“Body shaming is one of the unhealthiest thing to do to anyone. You never know what others are going through to be in the position they are. Always mind how you express your feelings to people, you may be causing them pain without realizing it.”
“Winning is great, but if it's not enough then then you'll never have enough!”
“Be innovative in leading people. Within our organisations we are continously innovating procedures, systems and technology but we fail to consider how we can innovate in our leadership.”
“Sometimes a woman is just worn out and needs a break, you know? That doesn’t prove that you're weak or neglectful, it proves to all the women standing by and watching you pave the road to success that it's okay to say no. It's okay to shut your door every now and then and put up a sign that says "Busy taking care of me today. Piss off.”
“Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.”
“Like many mind-altering drugs, alcohol had shown me where I wanted to go but alcohol couldn't get me there. It didn't have the power. I needed sobriety to connect me to stronger forces than my earthbound self. Whether these forces are God or nature is beside the point. Call them what you will. I feel that I instinctively knew I wasn't here alone or by sheer brute chance, but to live my life with as much courage and joy as possible before I returned to where I came from. I think that's really the goal.”
“Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.”
“The mind is liberated - by reflecting on oneself.”
“You could have lived my life and I could have lived yours, because without knowing each other I can say that suffering very often shows a similar face when it decides to hit one of us.”
“Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.”
“We are constantly invited to be what we are.”
“Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.”
“Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.”
“The more you bruise, the more you learn.”
“A flower does not use words to announce its arrival to the world; it just blooms.”
“Life is a multi-generational relay game. Each generation reaps the fruits of the sacrifices or excuses of the generations before it. And one life well lived can be a legacy of pleasure passed on for generations.”
“Where are they written?" "In the world around us. Merely be attentive to what happens in your life, and you will discover where, every moment of the day, He hides His words and His will. Seek to do as He asks: this alone is the reason you are in the world." "If I discover it, I'll write it on clay tablets." "Do so. But write them, above all, in your heart; there they can neither burned nor destroyed, and you will take them wherever you go.”
“One woman filled with self love and self acceptance is a model more super than any cover girl.”
“My life experiences are few but the lessons I have learned from those experiences are countless”
“Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.”
“You can't understand where someone's going unless you understand where they've been.”
“In our lives, there is a path of stepping stones laid before us. They stretch out towards the horizon, until we cannot see them anymore. It takes courage, and fortitude, to make it to that next stone, for the conditions may not always be ideal for success. But stay focused. Be determined. And you will make it to the next stone.”
“Inspirational and motivational contents open your mind and help you expand your reality and perspective; and then drive you into taking corresponding actions. It is up to you to find out what really works for you”
“Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“That's why it's called a practice. We have to practice a practice if it is to be of value.”
“Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!”
“The important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.”
“The world is so full of a number of things, I ’m sure we should all be as happy as kings.”
“Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!”
“We have not been rewarded to evolve over our failures but punished never to make mistakes again.”
“She had to choose what, of the things she inherited from the people who came before her, she wanted to bring forward. And what, of the past, she wanted to leave behind.”
“The soul’s hand has an eye. *Carved on a rain-worn stone.* Welling-in-the-Mountains.”
“Call me exparagus! From head to toe, toe to head, head to toe; take your time, don't ever rush. Why rush? Time is valuable. Respect your time. Y'know what I'm sayin'?”
“worldly even if everyone got what they wanted, there's no good in it at the end will demise, but strive and work for the hereafter, it's your chance in front of the land of justice, I have not seen tyranny, where's the sword where's the hat?”
“Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.”
“Regardless of similarity, no two journeys are ever the same.”
“The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for it. Columbus and America. Pinzon, who stumbled on Brazil while looking for the West Indies. Stanley happening on Victoria Falls. And you. Amy Curry, when I was least expecting her. -Roger Sullivan”
“This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.”
“As we grow older, dreams can fall secondary to reality. Never give up what you hold in your heart.”
“The cost of believing is far less than the cost of believing in believing in yourself.”
“Being free of hesitation is the greatest feeling in the world. Detach it and take a bigger step.”
“Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude and behaviour.”
“The simple ineluctable truth is that desire has no bearing on our duties.”
“Genius is eternal patience. ”
“The ability to connect on an emotional level holds a strong influence on who we choose to spend our time with.”
“They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?”
“Don’t let unfinished business weigh you down. Finish what you started and unlock the door to limitless possibilities.”
“I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art.”
“The Man who says he can, and the man who says he can not.. Are both correct”
“Everything has a limit.”
“We do not get to choose when in our lives we feel pain," said Matthew. "It comes when it comes, and we try to remember, even though we cannot imagine a day when it will release its hold on us, that all pain fades. All misery passes. Humanity is drawn to light, not darkness.”
“Your life is your spiritual path. It's what's right in front of you. You can't live anyone else's life. The task is to live yours and stop trying to copy one you think looks better.”
“In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.”
“God is the fountain of living water.”
“They lived their lives as if their sights were set on the clouds beyond the hill they were climbing.”
“ Or we can blaze! Become legends in our own time, strike fear in the heart of mediocre talent everywhere! We can scald dogs, put records out of reach! Make the stands gasp as we blow into an unearthly kick from three hundred yards out! We can become God's own messengers delivering the dreaded scrolls! We can race dark Satan himself till he wheezes fiery cinders down the back straightaway .They'll speak our names in hushed tones, 'those guys are animals' they'll say! We can lay it on the line, bust a gut, show them a clean pair of heels. We can sprint the turn on a spring breeze and feel the winter leave our feet! We can, by God, let our demons loose and just wail on!”
“There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in. And definitely get out of high school and make everyone sorry.”
“The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.”
“No wizard has ever made himself useful by magic, or, if they've tried, they've only made matters worse. No wizard ever stopped a war or mended a fence. It's better that they stay in their marshes, out of the way of worldly folk like farmers and soldiers and merchants and kings.”
“I will not die an unlived life. I will not live in fear of falling or catching fire. I choose to inhabit my days, to allow my living to open me, to make me less afraid, more accessible; to loosen my heart until it becomes a wing, a torch, a promise. I choose to risk my significance, to live so that which came to me as seed goes to the next as blossom, and that which came to me as blossom, goes on as fruit.”
“This is overall me, that, everything which is mine, already inside of me. This is overall me, that, everything outside do not belongs to me”
“If God has given us life, we must live in the land to do good.”
“Faith and power are inseparable allies. When you believe in something wholeheartedly, you bestow upon it the absolute power to manifest in your life.”
“When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.”
“Your heart is a powerful force. Use it consciously.”
“Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.”
“Love is spiritual oxygen; without it, the soul dies.”
“Life doesn't just happen to you; you receive everything in your life based on what you've given.”
“And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?”
“Who dares, win”
“When we stop fighting against death, we are able to wake up to our lives.”
“How would your life be different if You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.”
“Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.”
“You never know what will save you.”
“To lovers out there … If you think love is a game. You will lose. You will fool around, play around and at the end , you will find out by losing. Losing interests, partner, love, passion, integrity, money, kindness, morals, time, losing yourself and if you are unlucky losing your life. That is why some people who think like that are scoring or winning dates, hot partners, arguments, sex and other people’s partner, but losing love.”
“Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.”
“Have clear INTENTION to win and then pay ATTENTION to your intention. Be positive to your intentions.”
“When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favour.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Professor [John] Tyndall once said the finest inspiration he ever received was from an old man who could scarcely read. This man acted as his servant. Each morning the old man would knock on the door of the scientist and call, 'Arise, Sir: it is near seven o'clock and you have great work to do today.”
“To scrape new heights of success, you must first deepen the roots of your principles.”
“You are not immortal, isn't this statement enough to be a philanthropist”
“I do not need to find happiness. I can create happiness all on my own.”
“I swear, the best things come to me by accident! Or should I say, effortless destiny?”
“Sometimes the hardest lessons are the ones that change us the most".”
“You start by writing to live. You end by writing so as not to die.”
“Love your life. Because your life is what you have to give.”
“Honestly, I’ve wanted to give up a lot of times. But I worked hard. I believed I would succeed if I worked hard.”
“Amid the thousands of shrill voices screaming for our attention, there is but on Voice we need to hear. The voice of the Lord Jesus Christ.”
“Some people have inspired whole countries to great deeds because of the power of their vision. And so could he. Not because he dreams about marching hordes, or world domination, or an empire of a thousand years. Just because he thinks that everyone’s really decent underneath and would get along just fine if only they made the effort, and he believes that so strongly it burns like a flame which is bigger than he is. He’s got a dream and we’re all part of it, so that it shapes the world around him. And the weird thing is that no one wants to disappoint him. It’d be like kicking the biggest puppy in the universe. It’s a kind of magic.”
“Courage is simply the commitment to do the right thing even when it is difficult.”
“Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.”
“Great things happen to those who have tremendous belief in their little dreams.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.”
“Good things take time, Better things take a little longer.”
“Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.”
“Ye'll never best your fears until ye face them”
“Individually, every grain of sand brushing against my hands represents a story, an experience, and a block for me to build upon for the next generation.”
“Organisations always want input with creativity and innovation but often have hierarchical control in place.”
“Watch what you ask for you just might get it.”
“ no one recognises the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it”
“Immerse yourself in the world or the industry that you wish to master.”
“Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for”
“Two years prior to the cancer diagnosis, while sitting in my office, I received a Divine download that told me I would write a book about healing with love and it would be called Spiritual Sugar.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage and completing it in the right lane.”
“Accept situations without hesitation and allow things to flow naturally in whatever direction they want.”
“Don't count your owls before they are delivered.”
“Much of what we often consider knowledge is actually a point of view held without sufficient grounds: in a word, dogma.”
“Until our world decides that every human matters, that everyone has a right to food and safety and freedom and healthcare and equality, it is the obligation of those privileged to have food and safety and freedom and healthcare and equality to fight tirelessly for those who do not.”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“Joy is like vapour. You can't save it for later.”
“Before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we’ve learned as we’ve moved toward that dream. That’s the point at which most people give up. It’s the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one 'dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.”
“The elements of the written word can be purely magical. I read and I write I inspire and I’m living.”
“A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.”
“They returned our actions and words to us like echoes in a mountain.”
“I will always be a student of life.”
“Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.”
“The mind is the source of both bondage and liberation.”
“We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.”
“I don’t care,” I said, leaning my head back against the seat. “Can we just get lost and see where that lands us?”
“Today is a big day. It’s a new day. Yay! Yay! Yay!”
“Formal education and current position can define your worthiness. What makes you extraordinary is defined by your attitude towards others.”
“There are gigantic trees that have grown tall into the winds and the clouds over the thousands of years of their lives, their tops are rustled and tossed by the mists of the atmosphere! Then there are the short trees that don't live for long, they are young with no deep roots and only a few annual rings to tell their stories.The tall, ancient trees sway in the realm of freedom while the short young trees cannot even raise their branches into that direction of the sky! Now, you are the bird who needs a tree to live in; if you choose to live in the tree which thrives in the realm of freedom, that doesn't mean you are not committed to that tree. You are still committed to your tree, but together you and your tree live in freedom. Freedom is not the absence of commitment. If you are the bird who chooses to fly around amongst the short trees and live in them, that's because your wings are too short to make it any higher and your vision too near to see any further into the clouds. And if you move from one short tree to the next short tree, that doesn't mean you are free, you are still down there below, freedom is still nowhere near you.”
“I am no king, and I am no lord, And I am no soldier at-arms," said he. "I'm none but a harper, and a very poor harper, That am come hither to wed with ye." "If you were a lord, you should be my lord, And the same if you were a thief," said she. "And if you are a harper, you shall be my harper, For it makes no matter to me, to me, For it makes no matter to me." "But what if it prove that I am no harper? That I lied for your love most monstrously?" "Why, then I'll teach you to play and sing, For I dearly love a good harp," said she.”
“When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”
“Gratitude and service are the best way to a happy and joyful life.”
“The universe is made up of stories, not atoms.”
“Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but nobody wants to lift no heavy-ass weights.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!”
“Blind, broke, jobless, and frustrated, Kevin found it difficult to get through the following few months. But he had one big thing going for him. He was sober. It was a new beginning.”
“No matter what you're going through, don't let that be a reason to be heartless to others, because when the damage is done it cannot be reversed.”
“The doubters said, "Man can not fly," The doers said, "Maybe, but we'll try," And finally soared In the morning glow While non-believers Watched from below.”
“Just pick a goal and stick to it no big complicated secret.”
“I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,—that is, in debauchery. And like the majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.”
“Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.”
“Difficulties only add value to a dream.”
“Rock breaks into pieces if it falls. The wave of the sea breaks all obstacles if it comes. Great works and dreams require swift running, falling, failure, turning, and fighting. So forget everything and work like hell until you reach your goal.”
“To write is to unearth all that you have carefully enfolded inside to write is to bring into light the buried dreams and desires you once had of a life you once imagined .to write is to collect the left overs and build them into a house of words ”
“No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.”
“Learn to recognize your value and never undervalue yourself, because the sum total of precious stones in this world cannot compare to your value as a person.”
“My name is Celaena Sardothien," she whispered, "and I will not be afraid.”
“Creativity can flourish in times of crisis, and the absence of specific instruments, circumstances can become a motivator to create. Shifting attention from “I don’t have this, that’s why I can’t do that” to “I want this, and how can I get that?” liberates intrinsic resources that help to be proactive and see opportunities rather than obstacles. Creativity is the result of giving birth to something new, and it’s challenging but the result is gratifying.”
“We spend most of our conscious waking day with our attention on the external environment and functioning in Beta [brain wave state]. [ ] [Fast Beta-wave states are the realm of the conscious mind]. Slow brain-wave states are the realm of the subconscious. [ ] [For example, slower] Alpha waves are created in the creative, imaginative state. [ ] [When your brain is in high Beta it] isn’t in creative mode [nor meditative, nor inspiration mode, nor receptive more]; it’s fixated on survival. [ ] The brain in high Beta can’t easily shift gears into the imaginary realm of Alpha [or deeper into the subconscious]. [ ] If you’re constantly analyzing (I call this “being in analytical mind”), you are in Beta and you’re not able to enter into the subconscious mind. [ ] [Meditation slows down the brain waves and takes you out of Beta state]. Meditation Takes Us from Beta into Alpha and Theta Brain-Wave States. [ ] Meditation Takes Us Beyond Analytical Mind and into the Subconscious. [ ]. [It] opens the door between the conscious and subconscious minds. We meditate to enter the operating system of the subconscious, where all of those unwanted habits and behaviors reside, and change them to more productive modes to support us in our lives.”
“If you only write when inspired, you may be a fairly decent poet, but you'll never be a novelist.”
“One special gift that is often overlooked is the spirit of persistence.”
“A woman of wisdom does not only think about today. She always thinks ahead.”
“Don't feel sad when your mate are running at a fast pace than you. There must be a reason why your pace is delayed. A reason bigger than you could ever imagined.”
“I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.”
“Never let negativity derail your journey as a writer. Use the energy for your own betterment.”
“If insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result then sanity is to change what you are doing until you see the result that you want.”
“She does not encourage any nonsense. She is able to discern and distance herself from anything that does not make sense, because she is a smart woman.”
“To the people who look up to the stars and wish--- And to the stars that listen-- and the dreams that are answered”
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.”
“What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?”
“Eating disorder can cause distinction of body organs and spirit distinction.”
“What baseball managers did do, on occasion, beginning in the early 1980s, was hire some guy who knew how to switch on the computer. But they did this less with honest curiosity than in the spirit of a beleaguered visitor to Morocco hiring a tour guide: pay off one so that the seventy-five others will stop trying to trade you their camels for your wife. Which one you pay off is largely irrelevant.”
“Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“God can not save you from knifes and stones dear, that is why we are here - to save each other.”
“There is hero in everyone. Never doubt who you are.”
“It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.”
“Education develops the intellect; and the intellect distinguishes man from other creatures. It is education that enables man to harness nature and utilize her resources for the well-being and improvement of his life. The key for the betterment and completeness of modern living is education. But, ' Man cannot live by bread alone '. Man, after all, is also composed of intellect and soul. Therefore, education in general, and higher education in particular, must aim to provide, beyond the physical, food for the intellect and soul. That education which ignores man's intrinsic nature, and neglects his intellect and reasoning power can not be considered true education.”
“Writing a story, regardless of length, begins always with a single word.”
“Whoever does not comprehend your silence likely will not comprehend what you say.”
“The beauty of the world has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.”
“There is absolutely no greater high than challenging the power structure as a nobody, giving it your all, and winning!”
“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.”
“You can't be sad when Daisy is around, she won't let you.”
“Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.”
“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”
“Inspiration is a guest that does not willingly visit the lazy.”
“Let's ride on the train of inspiration, perspiration, and transformation; the synergistic approach will do wonders. When we earnestly inspire and resolutely perspire, things do transpire.”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“Difference is not division”
“Discover the dream.”
“Thank You LORD For oceans Wide and deep That You keep In ocean beds Ocean beds  that are Porous as the clouds That hold the mist and the rain Cushion the falling hail And blanket white flakes of snow”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go. That's just a little bit about me.”
“You don't chase darkness out of the room with a knife or a broom; instead, you turn on the light.”
“Amateurs look for inspiration; the rest of us just get up and go to work.”
“When I think how sometimes people can be brave enough to overcome any fear, any hardship, it gives me a feeling I can hardly describe. To charge right at the things that are painful and difficult, break through to the other side, and take pleasure in that - don't you think that's truly fantastic? The greater the suffering, the greater the joy in overcoming it.”
“Did I love what I was doing, or did I love myself in doing it?”
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”
“Praise God for he alone does great wonders.”
“The suffering of one man will sting us all. The happiness of one man makes everyone grin.”
“Love begets glory,Work begets story.LOVED WORK Begets A Story of Glory!”
“We have different backgrounds, different arrangements of occurrence and life experiences. Don't trip when you see others doing better than you. Yours is yet to come.”
“To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”
“If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.”
“I know because I read Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.”
“We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do”
“I am Me. In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. Everything that comes out of me is authentically mine, because I alone chose it -- I own everything about me: my body, my feelings, my mouth, my voice, all my actions, whether they be to others or myself. I own my fantasies, my dreams, my hopes, my fears. I own my triumphs and successes, all my failures and mistakes. Because I own all of me, I can become intimately acquainted with me. By so doing, I can love me and be friendly with all my parts. I know there are aspects about myself that puzzle me, and other aspects that I do not know -- but as long as I am friendly and loving to myself, I can courageously and hopefully look for solutions to the puzzles and ways to find out more about me. However I look and sound, whatever I say and do, and whatever I think and feel at a given moment in time is authentically me. If later some parts of how I looked, sounded, thought, and felt turn out to be unfitting, I can discard that which is unfitting, keep the rest, and invent something new for that which I discarded. I can see, hear, feel, think, say, and do. I have the tools to survive, to be close to others, to be productive, and to make sense and order out of the world of people and things outside of me. I own me, and therefore, I can engineer me. I am me, and I am Okay.”
“Prioritise the important things inside, then the outward will follow through.”
“How you live now determines the kind of life you will live & have from now,for if you keep doing the same things then expect the same results.”
“Life is hard when you are surrounded by people who think they are always right and never notice when you are right.”
“Through your writing, you help people experience meaning, not only in what you write, but also in their own lives.”
“Not All Dry Woods' Fate Is A Funance”
“If you hate me for telling the truth, will you like me for telling a lie? ~ Peter Ojo”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Loss is a result. Fear is an input. You don't control your results. You always control your inputs.”
“Using our trauma as an excuse to cause trauma to others was inexcusable.”
“Having uncompromising belief also means safeguarding your own spirit, defining who and what you want in your life.”
“You can stay and the world stays with you—right with you.”
“If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.”
“If you don’t have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?”
“The more clouds you have in your sky, the more colorful sunset it will be.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.”
“I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.”
“Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends.”
“Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. ( ) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.”
“Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.”
“The truth came to me-a great revelation, showing me that I have a child to the Jones whole and perfect mind, created to express the health that God with.”
“Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.”
“When darkness is at its darkest, a star shines the brightest.”
“We always celebrate a great woman, but to be great, the girl child needs to be encouraged to excel from an early age.”
“If you don't love yourself, you won't be happy with yourself. If you can't love yourself, you can't love anyone else. You can't give the love you do not have. You can't make anyone love you without loving yourself first.”
“Humans must be skeptics in order to find truth. Because there is always something that lies beneath…”
“Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.”
“Money as a medium of exchange actually represents somebody's portion of his or her life; to obtain it they exchanged goods, services, time, effort, skill, or talent. To acquire it means they are willing to exchange some portion of their life, so it has to be worth the exchange.”
“Life is what every living thing has.”
“You only regret the workouts you didn’t do.”
“Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“All knowledge is worth having.”
“when we love ourselves as we are while striving to be better everyday aiming to live to our truest potential, we show appreciation for the gifts we've been given and honor the beauty of uniqueness we carry in our heart”
“Spirit crave it familiar in anybody who have God calling, how to know that you got this crave?By uncertified feeling like you feel like something missing, that you can't reaching it, going to church doesn't end it,hunger of doing God's things, unexplained spiritual hunger don't fix and more by hiding with doing bad things even suicide not the answer cause it not fix that hunger,the secret is death declaring your suicide application so don't even think about it, you can ask Jonah in the bible from Damascus,fish guts didn't digestive him after swallowing him three days,so solution pray to God ask him to show him what he want you to do that will be the cure for it that will be the end of that nightmare or being hunted by nature about it.”
“The problem is not that you have problems; the problem is that you see having problems as a problem.”
“As flowers wither and fall, we all have setbacks and bad days, but trust the process and you'll start bearing fruit.”
“Never put off for tomorrow what is meant for today tomorrow may never come.”
“I do not follow any tradition. I may stand at the beginning of one.”
“There is a magnificent, beautiful, wonderful painting in front of you! It is intricate, detailed, a painstaking labor of devotion and love! The colors are like no other, they swim and leap, they trickle and embellish! And yet you choose to fixate your eyes on the small fly which has landed on it! Why do you do such a thing?”
“You always supposed to have that i'm number 1 mentality,don't let anyone make you feel like you is number 2 when they not even worth being number 1 !!!”
“This is a time when all of God's people need to keep their eyes and their Bibles wide open. We must ask God for discernment as never before.”
“If your feet are firmly planted on the ground you'll never be able to dance.”
“Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy”
“MY FIVE DOS FOR GETTING BACK INTO THE GAME: 1. Do expect defeat. It’s a given when the stakes are high and the competition is working ferociously to beat you. If you’re surprised when it happens, you’re dreaming; dreamers don’t last long. 2. Do force yourself to stop looking backward and dwelling on the professional “train wreck” you have just been in. It’s mental quicksand. 3. Do allow yourself appropriate recovery—grieving—time. You’ve been knocked senseless; give yourself a little time to recuperate. A keyword here is “little.” Don’t let it drag on. 4. Do tell yourself, “I am going to stand and fight again,” with the knowledge that often when things are at their worst you’re closer than you can imagine to success. Our Super Bowl victory arrived less than sixteen months after my “train wreck” in Miami. 5. Do begin planning for your next serious encounter. The smallest steps—plans—move you forward on the road to recovery. Focus on the fix. MY FIVE DON’TS: 1. Don’t ask, “Why me?” 2. Don’t expect sympathy. 3. Don’t bellyache. 4. Don’t keep accepting condolences. 5. Don’t blame others.”
“God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.”
“No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!”
“Although I deeply love oceans, deserts and other wild landscapes, it is only mountains that beckon me with that sort of painful magnetic pull to walk deeper and deeper into their beauty. They keep me continuously wanting to know more, feel more, see more.”
“Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.”
“I make a conscious effort to compliment at least one person every time I'm out and about. One nice comment can change a person's entire mood and mindset for the day.”
“Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of its trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse for impossibility, for it thinks all things are lawful for itself and all things are possible”
“Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.”
“A mind possessed by unmade books.”
“Fortune does favor the bold and you'll never know what you're capable of if you don't try.”
“A prayerful woman knows how to get on her knees, because she knows that on her knees she always wins.”
“Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a great ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair. I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy - ecstasy so great that I would often have sacrificed all the rest of life for a few hours of this joy. I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness--that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mystic miniature, the prefiguring vision of the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem too good for human life, this is what--at last--I have found. With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved. Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in famine, victims tortured by oppressors, helpless old people a burden to their sons, and the whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long to alleviate this evil, but I cannot, and I too suffer. This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.”
“The place God calls you to is the place where your deep gladness and the world’s deep hunger meet.”
“when you face disappointments and trials in life, your response dictates the character that will be created in you as a result.”
“My circumstances of unrelieved responsibility and permanent distraction necessitated the short story form.”
“The Spirit of God breathes inspiration, while the carnal mind breeds vanity.”
“There is enough courage for existence.”
“Open your mind before your mouth”
“Guess what? dramatic love look will be your life after transforming Curve fat to a healthy hot sexy muscles body.”
“Listen to your instincts.”
“The modern job market is like a game of musical chairs. You need to be the one with a chair when the music stops, or you're out of luck.”
“Everything ends and it's always sad, but everything begins again, too. And that's always happy. Be happy. - Return of Doctor Mysterio”
“~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~”
“In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.”
“You alone have the power to determine your value. Don’t let somebody else paste a discount sticker on you. You’re priceless.”
“So long as you are self-obsessed, applause and mockery will equally impair your capacity. Wipe out every trace of self-obsession and you'll learn to work through both applause and mockery - and you'll rise as the true victor of time.”
“You have to salvage what you can, even if you're the one who buried it in the first place.”
“If you have not done things worthy of being written about, at least write things worthy of being read.”
“Whatever you do, do something positive.”
“Friendship happens when the distance between the hearts tends to zero.”
“Tough Times Never Last, But Tough People Do!”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.”
“The best way to reply is to make them defeated”
“Lie may last for a few hours, but the truth will last forever.”
“I am to be loved, honored and respected solely because I exist. I am to be cherished, spoiled, celebrated because I Am! I was made to be admired. I am a beloved child of God after all.”
“Myth is much more important and true than history. History is just journalism and you know how reliable that is.”
“Transformation in any aspect of our life will never happen if we do not resolve to think, act and behave differently; that actually is an inner true change that manifests outwardly and can never be faked.”
“A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.”
“Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.”
“Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions   Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.”
“Those who are chagrined by their predicaments are incognisant of their higher motivations.”
“Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.”
“It is the hard time that unleash your true potential  Don’t give up!”
“The storm that chases is the storm that revels ~”
“We are constantly trying to hold it all together. If you really want to see why you do things, then don't do them and see what happens.”
“Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may come to you without shame.”
“Mere talents does not give glory to God but a humble heart.”
“If you stay humble and keep your humility embedded in your behavior then no circumstances can erode your core. You will keep on shining evermore.”
“If you believe in your heart that you are right, then you must fight with all your might to do it your way. Only dead fish swim with the stream all the time.”
“Don't worry about the negative people may say about you. Learn from it and move on.”
“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
“So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.”
“Maybe God doesn't care if we get all dressed up and sit in the pew every Sunday, as Diana believes. Instead, maybe God comes to us through men like Sloth, watching over us as we make our own decisions. Maybe God has always been with me. Opening doors, leading me to opportunities, letting me choose my own path, and loving me even when I chose the wrong one. Never giving up on me. Knowing all along that I am on a journey. That I must find my own way to Him. Maybe River was rights. Maybe God does still believe in me.”
“The Best Way to Predict Your Future is to ….. Create It”
“When a human lighthouse sees you in the midst of your storm, it points you toward safety and protection. In doing so, it also sends you and uncompromising message of belief: Yes, the situation is difficult, but you are not alone. I’m standing right here with you, and I know the way home.”
“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.”
“Life is as incomplete and imperfect without difficulties, as a rose without a staircase of thorns.”
“If you have to dry the dishes (Such an awful boring chore) If you have to dry the dishes ('Stead of going to the store) If you have to dry the dishes And you drop one on the floor Maybe they won't let you Dry the dishes anymore”
“Inspiration is found in the unknown, what you discover there is up to you.”
“The children had never been to a museum before. "Will it be like school?" they wanted to know. "Will it be like church? Or like shopping or going to a picnic?" "A little of all those things," said Celeste. "This museum is a building filled with works of art.”
“Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.”
“The truth is .. I'm okay with people not liking me. I'm not okay with them pretending that they do. Keep it real. Everybody ain't for everybody.”
“A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.”
“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”
“Never let what you cannot do, stop you from doing what you can do!”
“An idea upon which attention is peculiarly concentrated is an idea which tends to realize itself.”
“At dawn   the sky is milky white with big marshmallow clouds forming over the mountains. On a spring morning, the air is so crisp and clean that it almost tickles when you take a deep breath.   No matter where you live, adventure is lurking.”
“God helps those who strut their stuff.”
“You the form of some style the thing you need is to search to find it.”
“I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.”
“Forgiveness means letting go of the hope for a better past.”
“Dream big and never give up on those dreams. Who knows where they'll take you?”
“Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.”
“She needed the stimulus of an occupation which would take her out of herself.”
“It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.”
“What is love but listening to and wanting to be a part of another person's evolving story? It's true of all relationships romantic and platonic.”
“You are a unique expression of the universe. It likes to express itself exactly as you are now! There is no good, bad or ugly! Precisely the way you are is what is required by the universe!”
“You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”
“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”
“Human beings can only improve the lives of their fellow people.”
“One can get used to ugliness, but never to negligence.”
“Birds are in-tune with the seasons. Like the birds, I am learning to embrace change. Understanding when to nest & when to trek. Flying is releasing. You'll know when it's time to submit to the air.”
“You can map out a fight plan or a life plan, but when the action starts, it may not go the way you planned, and you're down to your reflexes - that means your [preparation:]. That's where your roadwork shows. If you cheated on that in the dark of the morning, well, you're going to get found out now, under the bright lights.”
“I love your tennis skirt darling you look beautiful but so much work needed to be done on you in order to suit it nicely.”
“Kevin," Neil said, and waited for Kevin to finally look at him. "Figure out what you want more than anything, what it would kill you to lose. That's what's at stake if you let Riko win. Calculate the cost of your fear. If it's too much, you need to fight. Wouldn't you rather die trying than never try at all?" "It's death either way," Kevin pointed out. "Die free or die a failure," Neil said. "The choice is yours”
“Leadership isn't easy – it requires courage, kindness, humility, and boldness to be successful. But don't let the pitfalls of rudeness, weakness, laziness, and arrogance trip you up! If you want to be a leader worth following, strike the balance between courage and confidence…and take decisive actions along the way!”
“As the earth yearns for rain, so does our clime yearns for MEGA leaders”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade ”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day…You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.”
“If you’re having a bad day just realize that some days are bad and you can do nothing about them. Try to stay calm and remind yourself that it’s just a fleeting day and also a day to show yourself that you can face anything and come out of it, smiling.”
“Artists should never ask for, or dream of fame. They can ask for inspiration or prosperity, for those things can aid in the production and perfection of their art. Whereas fame will usually serve as a hindrance to themselves, and their art.”
“Fear, any fear, is a waste of time. As the regrets.”
“When you enter a grove peopled with ancient trees, higher than the ordinary, and shutting out the sky with their thickly inter-twined branches, do not the stately shadows of the wood, the stillness of the place, and the awful gloom of this doomed cavern then strike you with the presence of a deity?”
“If one person can change the opinion of just two people, it can eventually turn into a tsunami, where a once popular opinion is rendered obsolete.”
“You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds…Claim and consciously use your power.”
“Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”
“Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)”
“When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons.”
“It's not life situations but our thoughts are the pilots of grief.”
“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
“Start to finish and quite to fail”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“But their voices and their words move mountains, create waterfalls, mend hearts, and make this world closer to what it should be.”
“If you want to make history, then first stop making excuses- the only thing that lagging u behind. Analyze capabilities, take first step & choose a different way of making things happen.”
“I just want to do something that matters. Or be something that matters. I just want to matter.”
“Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.”
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
“We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude. Happiness is in your mind, not in the circumstance.”
“Nothing makes a person desire improvement like failure”
“It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be.”
“For what is eternal  Speak to me of it . That which emerges  .through the thick drizzle of grief ..for you find your way and sense what you seek ..for the charm remains formless .in the silence that is soundless ..as it resounds  amidst the mountains  ..and emerges through the vales ..for what is truly beautiful never really dies .rather stays as a pure spring of delight  ”
“Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.”
“In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.”
“Life is not on autopilot. You will have to stop, go forward, reverse, or park at times. But the best time is when you move forward. It is when you go places you were meant to go. When you go where no one else has ever dared to go. When you go, as if there is nothing else to stop you on the road, because each time you decide to go, it helps you discover more about your purpose.”
“Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.”
“Success is the relentless pursuit of joy.”
“Dear Daughter, Your gender or race should not be a stumbling block. No matter who you are or where you come from, there is nothing you cannot achieve. Do not let anything hold you back from greatness.”
“God is colourblind. But we are not God. God does not need to see colour and difference. God is far bigger than all of that. We are human. We are destined to grow and learn from each other and with each other and there is no growing, there is no learning, there is no wonder and no majesty in life if we were like God. We were meant to see colour and difference.To deny these is to lack respect. To blind ourselves to these is to fool one another. To shun these is to deny ourselves growth and knowledge.”
“We are in charge of our destiny, and we control our future by how we think and act.”
“We would do ourselves a tremendous favor by letting go of the people who poison our spirit.”
“Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.”
“Just start the sentence and see what happens. This is how we write.”
“Things don't happen at the speed of thought, but they must be thought of to make them happen. Dream and believe in your dream: in this consists all the magic of the universe.”
“Always try and be a better person than you were yesterday, cause we aren't guaranteed tomorrow.”
“Some stories wait their turn to be told, others just tap you on the shoulder and insist you tell them.”
“Some Flowers bloom quickly, yet magnificent trees need time to grow and fill the air with their beautiful branches.”
“We've all received our share of good fortune, so that's my definition of much. A single blessing is all the bounty in the world, and if you've been blessed at all you're meant to pass some of that on. You're meant to set a positive example. That's our responsibility" (20) - Denzel Washington, "So that We Might Follow”
“Doubt is a storm. We either ride it out, or we change our course. Neither is right or wrong--to stay or go. Twenty years ago, should you have really married X, or Y? This college, or that? A life-changing decision one makes becomes the right decision by the fact of simply having been made.”
“One way of motivating yourself towards implementing your idea is to ask yourself; what and how much would I lose if the idea is practicable, doable, and feasible but I lacked the guts to act and push it to reality?”
“Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs”
“You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!”
“Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow…”
“Feeling tired? Learn to rest, not to quit”
“Mind is a technology we haven't started using yet. -Emit Eht”
“Sad but sometimes clever" Difficult to describe my sadness; It broadens the vibe of madness; Yet not all proscribe of alertness; Running the bribe awkwardness; I knew people ascribe bitterness; Not good, step imbibe blindness; My mouth diatribe I do calmness; Hush feels jibe in our cleverness;”
“Though we tremble before uncertain futures may we meet illness, death and adversity with strength may we dance in the face of our fears. ”
“There are, it seems, two muses: the Muse of Inspiration, who gives us inarticulate visions and desires, and the Muse of Realization, who returns again and again to say "It is yet more difficult than you thought." This is the muse of form. It may be then that form serves us best when it works as an obstruction, to baffle us and deflect our intended course. It may be that when we no longer know what to do, we have come to our real work and when we no longer know which way to go, we have begun our real journey. The mind that is not baffled is not employed. The impeded stream is the one that sings.”
“Courage isn’t an absence of fear,’ cried out Sara. ‘It’s the light we find when fear is all there is.”
“It takes a while, but all of us will find our path. That day is not far away.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for something or someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“Step without fear; helping anyone to step out of fear is the best emotional recipe for the mind.”
“I have no regrets in my life because i am living my life to the fullest every single second in this world”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“As the discoid star slips into a band of blues, it disperses all its hues. Toying with the masses, it flicks honey gold flashes. Then comes to bloom, nature’s own moon.”
“There is no blessings like been able to breath.”
“We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.”
“A woman of value will never tolerate that which does not add value to her life.”
“Choose the life you want to live and plan and take action to live that life.”
“Trust your scars to find who they need to heal. Understand that people will leave your life and make allowance for it, no matter how unwilling you are to let them go.”
“Use verbal affirmations to provide a positive reinforcement for your efforts.”
“In the same way a potter signs her work with a stamp, God signs His masterpieces.”
“We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.”
“You get to choose whether you tell a story that exhausts you or one that energizes you.”
“Meditate on holy scriptures if you desire to grow strong in spirit.”
“A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow.”
“The most important person you meet in life is your higher self.”
“Keep finishing one project after another, and keep learning more and more in the process. Let not the impenetrable walls of resistance scare you off. Peg away; chisel away at them until they fall. Finish what you start, and finish it extraordinarily well.”
“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
“When we loosen our hold on our emotions, they no longer have a hold on us.”
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”
“Don't let the bastards grind you down.”
“Make your soul happy by doing simple things.”
“The people who helped the most in difficult times should never be ignored after achieving a successful life because they are your already tested successful supporting force which can lead you towards greater success in your life.”
“An intelligent person can't go wrong, but there is a possibility that he does not reach his destination. A hardworking person can go wrong, but it's sure that he will reach his destination. ”
“Happiness is a choice. Peace is a state of mind. Both are free!”
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
“War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, — is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.”
“They say what doesn't kill the soul will make you stronger, but you can't be a stone-hearted man.”
“Receive the word of God into your heart, for it will implant hope in you and save your soul from despair.”
“Nothing in life is unattainable. Don't believe the naysayers. You are the author and illustrator of your book.”
“If death should come over me, just know that I am happy to be free”
“Light is warmer than darkness.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!”
“A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.”
“Sometimes you become a completely new person in an instant and it's for your betterment”
“Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember ~ the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.”
“Even though we don’t speak the same language, at this moment, we understand each other.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over which we have no control. It is determined for the insect, as well as for the star. Human beings, vegetables, or cosmic dust, we all dance to a mysterious tune, intoned in the distance by an invisible piper.”
“Having the best doesn't make you the best but producing the best makes you the best”
“Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.”
“The concept of a best self is dubious. Best implies a definitive conclusion, but we are not static creatures. We can’t achieve a state of perfection, nor should we strive to. We are spectacularly volatile, adaptable, highly attuned organisms—and what we need and want changes over time.”
“Get Off The Scale! You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance. Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life. It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!”
“Again and again I will suffer; again and again I will get back on my feet. I will not be defeated. I won't let my spirit be destroyed.”
“Just like the sea she was turbulent and wild, angry and loving. She felt every sensation, but it was only here, with water around her, that she dared let herself feel so strongly, so passionately. ~Rikki (Waterbound, Seahaven/Sisters of the heart Book 1)”
“You are not bound to Birth & Death but to This & That.”
“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
“Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.”
“Delving head-first into acceptance of changes mandates an embrace of the temporality of all things.”
“Believe in yourself otherwise, no one else will believe in you.”
“A poet, you see, is a light thing, and winged and holy, and cannot compose before he gets inspiration and loses control of his senses and his reason has deserted him.”
“A powerful woman is a heat-resistant, storm-bracing calibre. There is nothing she cannot handle.”
“Passion makes me who I am”
“No human should mislead another by promising them something they know to be untrue.”
“Fighting through defeat without losing a single breath requires tremendous bravery. Unity brings strength. Disaffection brings weakness. Being invincible is the only way to determine how strong you are.”
“When you get home this evening, when this day is over and the night takes us, allow yourself a deep breath because we made it through this day as well. There will be another one along tomorrow.”
“Burn so bright, that the haters go blind.”
“There are times in life when you would realize that no matter what problem is there, there will always be a solution to that. Just be patient, be open, have faith, and be positive.”
“When you can't tolerate.. Then should skip immediately”
“To change our society we must make an effort to not give importance to the people who are known as the so called 'successful people' and the people who are called as 'celebrities.' Each person in this world has to struggle and achieve many things for himself and his family. Each person is a hero or a heroine. These so called celebrities have achieved success by achieving money and fame. But that's it. Why give them the status of "Gods" ?”
“Trees provide inspiration, roots provide drive, and leaves provides perpetual change.”
“For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me want to dream.”
“A rose can never be a sunflower, and a sunflower can never be a rose.All flowers are beautiful in their own way, and that’s like women too. I want to encourage women to embrace their own uniqueness.”
“There are no blank words. Just blank pages.”
“Without music, life would be a mistake.”
“I have the ability to create the life I deserve.”
“Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.”
“Morning is when you wake up .”
“God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.”
“Remember that there is always the sky that is above us and beyond us”
“Not making a decision is making a decision.”
“Where other men blindly follow the truth, Remember, nothing is true. Where other men are limited by morality or law, Remember, everything is permitted. We work in the dark to serve the light.”
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. (Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")”
“Whatever your situation, don't give up on hope, hold on, pray for strength.”
“Success is not just about hard work, it's about working smart. So, take a break from the grind and strategize like a pro.”
“Let's start a new tomorrow, today.”
“There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.”
“O for a Muse of fire, that would ascend The brightest heaven of invention, A kingdom for a stage, princes to act And monarchs to behold the swelling scene! Then should the warlike Harry, like himself, Assume the port of Mars; and at his heels, Leash'd in like hounds, should famine, sword and fire Crouch for employment. But pardon, and gentles all, The flat unraised spirits that have dared On this unworthy scaffold to bring forth So great an object: can this cockpit hold The vasty fields of France? or may we cram Within this wooden O the very casques That did affright the air at Agincourt? O, pardon! since a crooked figure may Attest in little place a million; And let us, ciphers to this great accompt, On your imaginary forces work. Suppose within the girdle of these walls Are now confined two mighty monarchies, Whose high upreared and abutting fronts The perilous narrow ocean parts asunder: Piece out our imperfections with your thoughts; Into a thousand parts divide on man, And make imaginary puissance; Think when we talk of horses, that you see them Printing their proud hoofs i' the receiving earth; For 'tis your thoughts that now must deck our kings, Carry them here and there; jumping o'er times, Turning the accomplishment of many years Into an hour-glass: for the which supply, Admit me Chorus to this history; Who prologue-like your humble patience pray, Gently to hear, kindly to judge, our play.”
“A challenge only becomes an obstacle when you bow to it.”
“Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.”
“Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.”
“When I calm my mind, I experience the greatest joy of all.”
“Fiscal responsibility is key to financial strength, enabling efficient financial navigation during market uncertainty with purpose and prudence.”
“Then all events will become for you, a past that has passed and ended, and their occurrence is inevitable unless you intervene to change them, and manipulate them, but first, you need to know what their new shape will look like, and most importantly, where and how powerful will be the needed change to bring about the required change, in order to reset the scene, rearrange the occurrence of events, and the consequences of changing the hierarchy of their intersection. If you kill a butterfly, it will not flap its wings in the next hour, and what may result from this negligible change, may be the end of all humanity, or the occurrence of a horrific massacre, in which millions of people are killed without sin, except that they are religious, or farmers, or those with longer noses, just like holistically. He is on a date with the answer as the Alpha headquarters have proof of this.”
“America just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“When your thoughts and intentions are extremely positive towards your dreams, you will attract the powerful energy that will help you achieve your dreams”
“Each situation is a blossom to be picked with a curious spirit.”
“Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.”
“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
“Remember other people are just as important in the universe as you are. Their desires are as important as yours. Their viewpoint is as important as yours.”
“Imagination is not bound by possibilities. The creative mind will always break the shackles—making the impossible, possible.”
“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
“The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.”
“Many writers write because they’ve been there, seen that, did it and burnt their fingers”
“Find the light of beauty even in the shadows of darkness.”
“Crying is healing, its a human emotion”
“Only the gentle are ever really strong.”
“A smart woman makes the right sacrifices for the right people. She knows her rights and she does not cease to do what is right.”
“And if these mountains had eyes, they would wake to find two strangers in their fences, standing in admiration as a breathing red pours its tinge upon earth's shore. These mountains, which have seen untold sunrises, long to thunder praise but stand reverent, silent so that man's weak praise should be given God's attention.”
“For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.”
“Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Dear Superwoman, The days ahead of you should be far better than those behind. So do not look back and frown. Look ahead and smile.”
“Maintain your self-confidence and let your inner light shine bright, proving all your inner might and elevating you to a greater height of which you have the right.”
“If the earth is a hotel, our life is just about the time we spend in a hotel between check-in and check-out.”
“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
“As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.”
“Leaders set direction, build and inspiring vision where they want to go, and create a path for others to follow.”
“Changing a Habit is Never Difficult. Difficult is to Address Your Unwillingness to do it”
“To be unique, you must have the ability to lead through challenges, failures, and mistakes, because to conquer the world, One must first conquer his/her fears”
“I could crawl inside the lyrics and know each note intimately. They would claw at my soul, until I could no longer fight the emotions that took me to a place I couldn't experience. But, it was the possibility that made every verse a heart filled prediction and every beat a direction to follow.”
“Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.”
“I'm in love with you. It doesn't matter what has happened in my life. I love you till my last breath and it's amazing that i see you everywhere.”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.”
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.”
“When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.”
“You may treat the past and future as realities, but they are only realities in your memory and imagination. Only the present exists.”
“If there's only one nation in the sky, shouldn't all passports be valid for it?”
“This IWD, while toasting and celebrating fabulous womanhood let's not forget to salute mother of all, a great woman, NATURE for her evergreen care, gifts and unconditional love. Happy International Women's Day, beautiful beings!”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“With my ninth mind I resurrect my first and dance slow to the music of my soul made new.”
“I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.”
“Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.”
“a hero is just somebody who does the right thing when it would be far, far easier to do nothing.” -Cedric Diggory-”
“A professional is one who does his best work when he feels the least like working.”
“Be humble, you will not be harm.”
“Always stand for your identity. Once you stand for your identity, the whole world will recognize you and follow you. Enough of colonialism and its after affects. India is leap frogging into 21st century with its own identity, in spite of 250 years of colonialism.”
“When you get what you want that is God's direction. When you don't get what you want that is God's protection.”
“Start small and keep going.”
“Life is hard because it cannot last, because it must not last. Its very definition is that which lies tenuously between nonexistence and nonexistence.”
“We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.”
“Flow can be found in so many things: Teaching, carving, exploring. Healing, writing, making right. Unearthing, interpreting, speaking truth. What is common between them is an exhilaration in the engagement, the challenge, and no guarantee of success.”
“The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.”
“Pray, you never know what is possible.”
“Fear is a powerful stimulant.”
“Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.”
“In the spiritual world many forms of the physical universe that are potentially effective can be perceived but with regard to time, we can observe only one form.”
“You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.”
“With your brain veritably defined by its dynamic neuroplasticity, the cage that holds you back is an illusion. Your brain potential is unlimited.”
“Your future is in direct proportion to what you do in the present.”
“If you are feeling sad or angry, take the time to explore your feelings.”
“Mistakes. Trial and error. Same thing. Mistakes are how we learned to walk and run and that hot things burn when you touch them. You’ve made mistakes all your life and you’re going to keep making them.”
“Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.”
“Until one is committed there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back, always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initative or creation, there is one elementary truth that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves. too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would otherwise never have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in ones's favor all manner of incidents and meetings and material assistance which no man would have believed would have come his way. Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace, and power in it.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“A woman of faith does not fold her arms in idleness. She is like a soldier in the army, always ready to face the enemy.”
“An outstanding woman stands out and gets counted among the great. She does not just sit and count those who are great. She goes out there and does what it takes to become great.”
“More ominous the night, more spectacular the daybreak.”
“You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.”
“The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.”
“Dear Superwoman, Take back your power. You are not pointless. You are not helpless. You are not clueless and you are not careless. You just gave your heart to someone who did not realize your worth.”
“Your own life struggles are enough to motivate you.”
“Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.”
“I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.”
“Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire; and if in other ways she falls short of our ideal, we must be patient and call to mind those qualities that first induced us to begin our courting.”
“Turn around and believe that the good news that we are loved is better than we ever dared hope, and that to believe in that good news, to live out of it and toward it, to be in love with that good news, is of all glad things in this world the gladdest thing of all. Amen, and come Lord Jesus.”
“Gone are the days when 19-inch biceps would once command respect. A Jedi doesn’t walk around with their arms flexed and with a thousand yard stare in their eyes. They walk with a good posture, their head held high and with a serious, yet friendly, look on their face.”
“There is a great deal to be said with regard to stability in life. You reap what you sow.”
“Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“Let us weave the threads of conservation into the fabric of our society, ensuring a strong foundation for the future.”
“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell ”
“It is better to elevate yourself through the power of your mind than to lower yourself because the mind can be both a friend and an enemy to the self.”
“A writer reports on the universe. When he presents his credentials, the gates of heaven and hell are equally opened to him. He can hear the devil’s defense and god’s accusations. The guards at the king’s heart let him in. The writer can be anything and any one he wants. When he writes he is a god, he creates.”
“To know our heritage is like a tree with roots.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.”
“Sometimes the best of gods gift's arrive by the shattering of all the window panes.”
“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
“I can't explain the mind of a writer to you, Jeremy. Especially the mind of a writer who has been through more devastation than most writers combined.”
“  what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.”
“Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.”
“Learning to listen to and to follow the guidance of your Inner Voice is the key to living a well-balanced, harmonious, fulfilled, abundant, and happy life.”
“An honest life starts with an honest assessment of self. You are neither worthless nor preeminent but somewhere in between.”
“Choose not to be intimidated by people on social media, because those who can fake it better are considered the real ones. Choose to do your own thing no matter what, because that is not only a real thing, but it is your reality.”
“Spend time with people who encourage you to grow, to explore new things, and who take joy in your successes.”
“But someone who has no peace within can't give another being peace, all they can do is give false hopes that they themselves don't believe.”
“The key to attracting more physical abundance, in your reality, is to eradicate the current subconscious projections that you place on money and its identity.”
“It has been often said that writing is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration. In my experience, this is true. But, in my opinion, it is useless without that 1 percent. It's like an engine without fuel -- can't get anywhere without it. Or like a lighthouse without a light on top -- doesn't guide anyone in to home or safe harbor.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.”
“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“Only those are fit to live who do not fear to die; and none are fit to die who have shrunk from the joy of life and the duty of life. Both life and death are parts of the same Great Adventure.”
“We are all hurt, sad, scared, angry and fed-up , but that is not enough to bring changes in our lives. Change only happens because we are making a change not because we have suffered enough.Unless you do something that you think will make a difference. Everything will remain the same.”
“Nothing is ever complete. You just have to get it close enough that it makes you happy.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“And I start to wonder if I will every manage to find something worth living for, admit all of these billions of billions of stars that shine down on me at this very moment. And what if I don't manage that? Do not find something to live for? Will I have to settle with giving up my dreams? So, in light of this, where is my speck of hope that will motive me to carry on after this monumental and life changing trip? Lost somewhere between the stars? Or maybe buried deep down within me, motivating me to keep carry on and doing my best, at whatever life throws at me?”
“If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.”
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”
“But sometimes, in order to grow, we have to step outside of our comfort zone. Sometimes we can't wait for everything to be perfecrr or plan everything so far in advance. We have to take chances. Tomorrow isn't promised to any of us”
“usually the threat of death makes people a lot more aware of their lives”
“Today is a gift from God. Don't waste it!”
“With time, we come to perfect repetitive actions, and our subconscious does much of the heavy lifting on our behalf.”
“At dawn of man, many words of inspiration. At the end, there will be words of revelation.”
“Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back”
“You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it.”
“Don't lure yourself into a trap of a motivational speaker. The person who gives motivation might be needing more motivation than anyone else out there. You can find your journey through trial and error. That's the only possible way. All other methods are nothing but a fallacy. Sooner or later you will learn how to make peace out of yourself.”
“Because the development of inner calm & energy happens completely within & isn’t dependent on another person or a particular situation, we begin to feel a resourcefulness and independence that is quite beautiful—and a huge relief.”
“Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can.”
“Love doesn’t have to be on Valentine’s Day. It doesn’t have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn’t have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn’t have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day. It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirt. It just has to be.”
“Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.”
“Carry on, carry on.”
“Yes, content is king but excellence is his queen. ~ Onyi Anyado.”
“Calligraphy is a geometry of the soul which manifests itself physically.”
“Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.”
“The love that moves the sun and the other stars.”
“But I'm not special", Bailey says, "not the way they are. I'm not anyone important." "I know", Celia said, "you are not destined or chosen. I wish I could tell you that you were if that would make it easier, but it is not true. You are in the right place, at the right time, and you care enough to do what needs to be done. Sometimes that is enough.”
“Once a habit is formed, we can’t forget that response completely, but we can interrupt and replace it with something else.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“LAW 38 Think As You Like But Behave Like Others If you make a show of going against the times, flaunting your unconventional ideas and unorthodox ways, people will think that you only want attention and that you look down upon them. They will find a way to punish you for making them feel inferior. It is far safer to blend in and nurture the common touch. Share your originality only with tolerant friends and those who are sure to appreciate your uniqueness.”
“there is one great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.”
“Life is but an experiment of trial and error, instead of fretting the future, cherish the experiment.”
“Nothingness It is only in nothing  A damp, dull, nothingness Those cold, sharp, empty spaces In our times of scarcity and loss That we understand the true meaning of everything And the indelible value of what was cost”
“There is only one timeline. There is only one you.”
“Time changes all things; there is no reason why language should escape this universal law”
“Buy a pup and your money will buy Love unflinching that cannot lie.”
“Never take future advice from people who know nothing about the future”
“Choosing kindness is the ultimate expression of evolved consciousness. Grow by being kind.”
“We all grow tired eventually; it happens to everyone. Even the sun, at the close of the year, is no longer a morning person.”
“Along the way – did we ever consider asking ourselves whether the thoughts, feelings, and inclinations acquired along the way truly reflect who we want to be?”
“We often trick ourselves into thinking that we possess enough knowledge or control over any given situation to make correct choices. Maybe that is why we hold on to the decisions we make so dearly even when we know we are wrong.”
“Abasing is a vital infrastructure for abundance.”
“Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“People say, don’t worry about the small stuff. Determining if your biggest worry is small stuff is a skill. Letting go of small stuff is a gift.”
“When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.”
“The people who are here to dominate this world are the people who want to make this world the most beautiful place to live or the worst place to live”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.”
“My highest achievement in life will be inner peace.”
“What we appreciate fills our heart with joy. And when what the heart most wants is delayed, experiencing joy hinges on appreciating that we sometimes have to patiently travel through darkness to reach light.”
“You should never assume. You know what happens when you assume. You make an ass out of you and me because that's how it's spelled.”
“Problems will arise, but I will still do it; failures will come, and I will become tougher and wiser with each failure. The more I fall, the higher I jump back up. Bruises, pains, hurts, or scars are all a process of growing up. Obstacles, setbacks, and hard work are all part of success. I make them my friends; I use their power to go beyond.”
“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved. Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
“I know too well how dangerous hope can be, how it grows and sometimes dies, taking its host with it. It's more powerful than anything Dr.Fibs keeps in his labs, more precious than all the secrets inside Sublevel Two.”
“Each person has got a voice inside them. Communicate with it and take hold of it. Do not let it push and shove you around – you are its master!”
“If the busiest person in the office is the CEO, it only means that either the leadership has failed to create evolving systems or the leadership itself has failed.”
“Motivational Speakers", once they had more fear, stress and depression than you but they fought and conquered.”
“So, the world is fine. We don’t have to save the world—the world is big enough to look after itself. What we have to be concerned about, is whether or not the world we live in, will be capable of sustaining us in it. That’s what we need to think about.”
“Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to.”
“He that can have patience can have what he will.”
“A confident woman wears a smile and has this air of comfortability and pleasantness about her.”
“It's okay to be a loser, it just depends on how good you are at being one.”
“My view from the window consists of mounds of clay dried to dust. I see delicate girls wrapped in brightly colored hijabs bent over in the fiery heat, carrying heavy bundles on their heads like people in a primeval time and place. Burqa-clad beggars sit with their babies beside bombed-out roads, waiting for those passing by to throw a coin or a bottle of water their way.”
“If we are not allowed to deal with small problems, we will be destroyed by slightly larger ones. When we come to understand this, we live our lives not avoiding problems, but welcoming them them as challenges that will strengthen us so that we can be victorious in the future.”
“Just above our terror, the stars painted this story in perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too often abused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.”
“Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Strength comes from struggle. When you learn to see your struggles as opportunities to become stronger, better, wiser, then your thinking shifts from "I can't do this" to "I must do this.”
“SMILE! You are NOT on camera!”
“Focus on using your life to the highest potential.”
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“We do not need to attend classroom training programmes for everything. Observation opens the windows of knowledge around us”
“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours ”
“Everyone has a unique calling to honour. And the more we step out in faith to make the most of our unique gifts, the easier the divine assignment becomes.”
“Do push-ups, so if you fall down you can get up fast, do pull-ups, so you can pull yourself over a fence if need be, do sit-ups, so you can get out of bed in a hurry, do squats, so you can jump up with power, do calf raises, so you can climb hills like a young roe, and run, run so you can out pace the enemy, and fast while the food is plenteous so you'll be prepared when the food is none.”
“The strength of a woman is like the wings of a mother eagle. She flies high against the gusty winds.”
“Each corpuscle contains the cosmos, Each valve is gateway to valor. Cada corpúsculo contiene el cosmos, Cada válvula es la puerta al valor.”
“The strongest of all psychic forces in the world is unsatisfied desire.”
“In times of difficulties, do not get discouraged.”
“For an artist, it is always important to see the beauty in what can be beautiful. In what has the potential to be great. That is how art is born.”
“We are all travelers in this journey of life, and we must carry kindness in our baggage!”
“What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.”
“Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need”
“The greatest part of a writer’s time is spent in reading, in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.”
“Do not lose courage in any circumstance.”
“Be thankful to thy teacher.”
“laughing is good. so long as you are not insulting anyone.”
“Do not fade in the background of familiarity.”
“Don't try to follow trends. Create them.”
“God wanted us to know that He is willing to come meet us where we are, stuck in the mud, and create a new life for us.”
“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”
“Self love is the elixir of an immortal heart.”
“Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.”
“I read somewhere  how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong  to measure yourself at least once.”
“I can do nothing without His help. Oh, Lord, what ignorance thinking everything was wealth.”
“For this reason a prince ought to take care that he never lets anything slip from his lips that is not replete with the above-named five qualities, that he may appear to him who sees and hears him altogether merciful, faithful, humane, upright, and religious. There is nothing more necessary to appear to have than this last quality, inasmuch as men judge generally more by the eye than by the hand, because it belongs to everybody to see you, to few to come in touch with you. Every one sees what you appear to be, few really know what you are, and those few dare not oppose themselves to the opinion of the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them; and in the actions of all men, and especially of princes, which it is not prudent to challenge, one judges by the result.”
“Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.”
“Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.”
“A dynamic woman is like a diamond. She sparkles and adds value.”
“Neither lion nor gazelle question whether it is just for the lion to catch and eat the gazelle or just for the gazelle to get away and let the lion starve.”
“Your father, Jo. He never loses patience,--never doubts or complains,--but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully, that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him. He helped and comforted me, and showed me that I must try to practise all the virtues I would have my little girls possess, for I was their example. It was easier for your sakes than for my own; a startled or surprised look from one of you, when I spoke sharply, rebuked me more than any words could have done; and the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy.”
“Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.”
“I am extreme in everything I do Can immensely love and can immensely hate U choose”
“Leadership is not just about achieving success for yourself, it's about helping others achieve success as well.”
“The most contented man is one who has control over his desires.”
“You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.”
“A mistake that makes you humble is better than an achievement that makes you arrogant.”
“Within you lies a reservoir of untapped potential. You can create, shape, transform, and transcend to greater heights. The question is, are you willing to invest time and effort in realizing your potential?”
“If you stand right at the edge of the night sky, some place where one o’clock leaves to meet two, the breeze will carry your words up to the stars. And they’ll swallow your secrets until its time to hand them over to the truths in the sky- the ones that draw maps in the black. They carve their answers into the backs of my hands, the grooves of the words running deep in my palms.”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“Where motivation was concerned, there was hardly any difference between a caveman and a civilised human. The desire to live, and live as well as the next man, was common to all. The point at which virtually all of mankind began to develop a sense of discontent was when it discovered the hiatus between desire and capability.”
“Don't fear big. Fear mediocrity. Fear waste. Fear the lack of living to your fullest”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Time and again, some people will hope to see your life go down the drain. That is why, time and again, you have to remind yourself that your life can never be in vain.”
“In what will survive me I am in harmony with my annihilation.”
“Jamie: You know what I figured out today? Landon: What? Jamie: Maybe God has a bigger plan for me than I had for myself. Like this journey never ends. Like you were sent to me because I'm sick. To help me through all this. You're my angel.”
“You did nothing wrong removing toxic people from your life and choosing yourself. Your gentle heart had enough!”
“We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.”
“Most people told you their thoughts in words and later confirmed them in actions. There were more people who told the truth than those who lied.”
“3 things you are in control of: your response to your feelings what you hold onto what you let go”
“Your worth is not measured by your income level, job status, job title, productivity, popularity, or performance ratings.”
“I have grown to listen to the waves of my heart Not to the ripples others push through open waters The tide is high the spring inside is plentiful”
“Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.”
“Knowledge is the ink of eternal Bliss ~”
“To all that come to this happy place, welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past, and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America  with hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world.”
“Life is always fair, both to those who are unfair and to those who are fair.”
“The only comparison that should be made is placing who you are today beside who you were yesterday.”
“If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that—warm things, kind things, sweet things—help and comfort and laughter—and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.”
“Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.”
“Toni's Talk: When you invest in yourself, you have instant credibility with your biggest critic you! As soon as you let doubt creep in---you lose that investment. Make a daily commitment to assess your worth with positive affirmations and watch your investment grow.”
“No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.”
“You could do a lot worse.”
“Gravity is the God and the Sun is the Son of God as our ancestors tried to teach us, they were scientists with unstoppable creativity”
“We are important and our lives are important, magnificent really, and their details are worthy to be recorded. This is how writers must think, this is how we must sit down with pen in hand. We were here; we are human beings; this is how we lived. Let it be known, the earth passed before us. Our details are important. Otherwise, if they are not, we can drop a bomb and it doesn't matter. . . Recording the details of our lives is a stance against bombs with their mass ability to kill, against too much speed and efficiency. A writer must say yes to life, to all of life: the water glasses, the Kemp's half-and-half, the ketchup on the counter. It is not a writer's task to say, "It is dumb to live in a small town or to eat in a café when you can eat macrobiotic at home." Our task is to say a holy yes to the real things of our life as they exist – the real truth of who we are: several pounds overweight, the gray, cold street outside, the Christmas tinsel in the showcase, the Jewish writer in the orange booth across from her blond friend who has black children. We must become writers who accept things as they are, come to love the details, and step forward with a yes on our lips so there can be no more noes in the world, noes that invalidate life and stop these details from continuing.”
“crush your ego, Brush your chaotic thoughts lost in air, Take a deep breath inward until you feel the clarity of the moment, and yes, now It's time to Let it go and take up new Journey!”
“You have tried to be superior in an ordinary realm. Now you must learn to be ordinary in a superior realm.”
“If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus. Nothing is going to happen - ever - that will catch Jesus Christ by surprise. He is able to help His children work through anything, and not a single thing is going to happen in the future that can change that fact.”
“Maintain physical engagement to ward off an early decline, and ensure health and mobility for as long as feasibly possible.”
“You are more than the sum of your traumas”
“Life tried to break you, but here you stand, unbroken and stronger than ever. Your story is a reminder that healing is possible, and your strength is an inspiration to us all.”
“Someone once told me that the finer points of devotion are about the size of a pinhole, and there are millions of them. And if you could connect each dot, then you’ve got a diagram of what you think you thought you knew, and if you’re willing to admit that you know nothing…you have the blueprint for a breakthrough.”
“There is a secret place. A radiant sanctuary. As real as your own kitchen. More real than that. Constructed of the purest elements. Overflowing with the ten thousand beautiful things. Worlds within worlds. Forests, rivers. Velvet coverlets thrown over featherbeds, fountains bubbling beneath a canopy of stars. Bountiful forests, universal libraries. A wine cellar offering an intoxi cation so sweet you will never be sober again. A clarity so complete you will never again forget. This magnificent refuge is inside you. Enter. Shatter the darkness that shrouds the doorway… Believe the incredible truth that the Beloved has chosen for his dwelling place the core of your own being because that is the single most beautiful place in all of creation.”
“Don't seek for mere pleasure but look for pure joy.”
“Don't doubt your dreams.”
“After a storm ,there will be a rainbow.”
“Just as anyone who listens to the muse will hear, you can write out of your own intention or out of inspiration. There is such a thing. It comes up and talks. And those who have heard deeply the rhythms and hymns of the gods, can recite those hymns in such a way that the gods will be attracted.”
“Each day offers you an opportunity to overcome obstacles and fears in your life. Those victories, however small they appear, are significant and don’t need to be measured against or compared with those of someone else. They stand on their own as important measures of your own personal capabilities.”
“Take naps when tired.”
“You are a cosmic flower. Om chanting is the process of opening the psychic petals of that flower.”
“Kindness raises too many possibilities.”
“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
“As the sun knows; even the sky is not the limit ”
“How fast we take our steps does not define the way.”
“Of what use are the memories if not to grow flowers .. on the barren fields. Of what use are the falling tears if not to weave the string of pearls in the hardest hours ”
“The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I  I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.”
“Accept yourself: flaws, quirks, talents, secret thoughts, all of it, and experience true liberation.”
“Whoever is bestowed with words, becomes a writer.”
“Be yourself. Be over the top. Outlast them. Show them that no amount of fear will ever make you change who you are.”
“Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild. --Alexander Supertramp, May 1992”
“Never compromise, but improvise; at this stage of life, showcase your dance.”
“If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.”
“Be present in this moment.”
“Perfection lounges in the bosom of imperfection”
“Making others happy can give us happiness. I treated the staff in a restaurant to a plate of Momos. Little things can make our World a better place.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“Puddle-wonderful moments are like rainbows after a storm. They remind us that there is beauty in every situation.”
“In the pull of unknown, I sense my thirst, and so I wander, the way wild winds do, the way tides long for the shores, the way the stars through darkness meander, like the ships adrift at sea, the way robins flutter in the winds, the way the sea lulls itself to sleep and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .. In search of a river, I came at last, one rainless summer day, for lost I was in living without the love, my thirst is what split me in deeps. In the burning sky, I beheld your blaze. You blow as the wild winds blow from east, on the sands are the footprints beneath the blues of heaven, and in the sun, a golden gem. Your love as a river into my mouth, your blaze blows every desire that had me possessed, your arms have me wrapped tight with the light, for ended is the dark as dawn breaks in my deeps. From hither to thither, in longing I will flow, and eternally you will be the river for my thirst.”
“Focus on the behaviors, and the results will follow.”
“Value your time. Don’t time your values.”
“Motivated people build better stuff.”
“Be compassionate   and take responsibility for each other. If we only learned those lessons, this world would be a better place.”
“Writing is something that you don't know how to do. You sit down and it's something that happens, or it may not happen. So, how can you teach anybody how to write? It's beyond me, because you yourself don't even know if you're going to be able to. I'm always worried, well, you know, every time I go upstairs with my wine bottle. Sometimes I'll sit at that typewriter for fifteen minutes, you know. I don't go up there to write. The typewriter's up there. If it doesn't start moving, I say, well this could be the night that I hit the dust.”
“Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.”
“In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.”
“Hating skin color is contempt for God's divine creative imagination. Honoring it is appreciation for conscious, beautiful-love-inspired diversity.”
“It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.”
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
“Life is amazing when there is progress. That is why you must strive to take steps that lead to success.”
“The start of a new week is the beginning of an epic future.”
“Success is the circle, hard work is the perimeter of it. the diameter of success is the addition of radius and radius of success is the failures of it”
“Justice is the delusion of the self-entitled. To desire it is to desire a world that is not this world.”
“The world is my church. My actions are my prayer. My behavior is my creed.”
“ there ain't no journey what don't change you some.”
“Her widowed mother owns the shop on rue de Grenelle. Should her mother die, despite her expertise, Pauline Léon will not inherit the shop. She can only do so through a husband. As she has not yet met a suitable spouse, we can only imagine the kind of chocolat he would make if he were a wig maker.”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“Let your life be happy voyage.”
“ You mistake other people’s success as your own failure ”
“Anyone can nurture of myth about their life if they have enough manure, so if the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, that's probably because it's full of shit.”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“The secret to a happiness is a small ego. And a big wallet. Good wine helps, too. But that's not really a secret, is it?”
“I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.”
“If you have strong faith in your vision then get ready to fail a million times to reach your destination.”
“Get immersed in the beauty that surrounds you. No filters, edits, or adjustments. Experience the colors, sounds, textures and smells within your reach. Live.”
“Fear is the Fatal killer of Desire.”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“Just like the glazes, everyone is created for a purpose. Just because someone else has different talents than us does not make either of us more important.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“Compassion isn't just about feeling the pain of others; it's about bringing them in toward yourself. If we love what God loves, then, in compassion, margins get erased. 'Be compassionate as God is compassionate,' means the dismantling of barriers that exclude.”
“As you go about your daily life, you will encounter many lemons. Sour expressions, sour attitudes, sour auras! The good thing is that if you don't want to be a lemon, you don't have to be! Just don't let those lemons rub themselves all over you! And you don't even have to save them! Let lemons be lemons! One of the most important things that I have ever learned, is that I don't have to save people.”
“In the windowpane I caught a glimpse of myself: fat, badly-dressed, the seams on my skirt about to burst, my hair in need of a trim, my shoes run down at the heels, yet for once I didn't give a damn. I thought of how anxious I had been about this city, its intimidating chic, its hostile shopkeepers, Simone de Beauvoir's opinion of me, my clothes, my hairdo, my weight, my inability to speak the language properly. " Bonjour, Madame, " I said to the proprietor in my fractured French. " Deux litres du lait, s'il vous plait. " Why do we always worry about the wrong things, I wondered?”
“What could be sillier than having an imaginary boyfriend?”
“We can pontificate all day about statistics and percentages and death tolls and displacement numbers, easily forgetting that numbers have names and names have faces. Each face has wrinkles that make up a map filled with tragedies to tell.”
“You're beautiful, but you're empty One couldn't die for you. Of course, an ordinary passerby would think my rose looked just like you. But my rose, all on her own, is more important than all of you together, since she's the one I've watered. Since she's the one I put under glass, since she's the one I sheltered behind the screen. Since she's the one for whom I killed the caterpillars (except the two or three butterflies). Since she's the one I listened to when she complained, or when she boasted, or even sometimes when she said nothing at all. Since she's my rose.”
“We make our own truths and lies .Truths are often lies and lies truths ”
“I like to imagine that the world is one big machine. You know, machines never have any extra parts. They have the exact number and type of parts they need. So I figure if the entire world is a big machine, I have to be here for some reason. And that means you have to be here for some reason, too.”
“The greenest of pastures are right here on earth.”
“The art of living is turning stumbling blocks into stepping stones that pave the way to a brighter future.”
“The poet dreams of the mountain Sometimes I grow weary of the days, with all their fits and starts. I want to climb some old gray mountains, slowly, taking The rest of my lifetime to do it, resting often, sleeping Under the pines or, above them, on the unclothed rocks. I want to see how many stars are still in the sky That we have smothered for years now, a century at least. I want to look back at everything, forgiving it all, And peaceful, knowing the last thing there is to know. All that urgency! Not what the earth is about! How silent the trees, their poetry being of themselves only. I want to take slow steps, and think appropriate thoughts. In ten thousand years, maybe, a piece of the mountain will fall.”
“The seeds you planted last year will grow in this year. Think hard on that when you plant again.”
“The mud-lusciousness of spring is a reminder to embrace life’s messiness and to find beauty in unexpected places.”
“You are Fire! Don’t believe these mere mortals. They want to put you on a pedestal and sing paeans to you; later they would burn you in the altar of that same fire! Stand away and stand alone! You are limitless! But these mortals can only limit your sky! You are the Universe! But they will only give you a little space! Break free! It’s a trap! They want to cage you! Because, they are afraid of your real power! You are a woman. You are the fire! You are all conquering. You are all powerful! You are Supreme! You were not born to be a mere beauty queen!!”
“A woman of faith does not settle for being a failure. She overcomes as if she has never failed before.”
“Like sun shine over the hills! rise and shine before sunset, do what expected on you,yes that you love to do the most world waiting it.”
“Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.”
“I've set myself to become the king of the pirates  And if I die trying  then at least I tried!”
“Now don't you understand man universal law What you throw out comes back to you, star Never underestimate those who you scar Cause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard”
“The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..”
“You can’t strangle stress to death. You can try, but all that effort only increases its ferocity until it shatters your ability to contain it.”
“I have failed more than a hundred times in different things in my life but the only reason I am successful is that I do not stop myself from trying one more time.”
“A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.”
“Each man follows his own path - his own destiny, if you will. And only he is responsible for the choice.”
“If you do not have hopes or dreams, I implore you to brainstorm something to fill the void.”
“Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.”
“Only once you can truthfully say you are grateful for your victimization have you transcended it.”
“The splendid thing about falling apart silently  is that you can start over as many times as you like.”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“Being motivated and inspired spiritual body size and physical fitness will be easy piece.”
“She is delightfully chaotic; a beautiful mess. Loving her is a splendid adventure.”
“Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.”
“So tonight I reach for my journal again. This is the first time I’ve done this since I came to Italy. What I write in my journal is that I am weak and full of fear. I explain that Depression and Loneliness have shown up, and I’m scared they will never leave. I say that I don’t want to take the drugs anymore, but I’m frightened I will have to. I am terrified that I will never really pull my life together. In response, somewhere from within me, rises a now-familiar presence, offering me all the certainties I have always wished another person would say to me when I was troubled. This is what I find myself writing on the page: I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long. I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and Braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me. Tonight, this strange interior gesture of friendship—the lending of a hand from me to myself when nobody else is around to offer solace—reminds me of something that happened to me once in New York City. I walked into an office building one afternoon in a hurry, dashed into the waiting elevator. As I rushed in, I caught an unexpected glance of myself in a security mirror’s reflection. In that moment, my brain did an odd thing—it fired off this split-second message: “Hey! You know her! That’s a friend of yours!” And I actually ran forward toward my own reflection with a smile, ready to welcome that girl whose name I had lost but whose face was so familiar. In a flash instant of course, I realized my mistake and laughed in embarrassment at my almost doglike confusion over how a mirror works. But for some reason that incident comes to mind again tonight during my sadness in Rome, and I find myself writing this comforting reminder at the bottom of the page. Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a FRIEND… I fell asleep holding my notebook pressed against my chest, open to this most recent assurance. In the morning when I wake up, I can still smell a faint trace of depression’s lingering smoke, but he himself is nowhere to be seen. Somewhere during the night, he got up and left. And his buddy loneliness beat it, too.”
“People who don't know driving can only blow horns.”
“Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.”
“Struggle is the price of success, and success is the reward of struggle.”
“To all those people who are too worried about bringing their life "On Track", the Track doesn't exist!! It's just a matrix created by society for you to follow when they can't escape it for themselves.”
“I'm not a big fan of inspiration. I'm too old to sit and wait for the muse to give me a little kiss  I write a lot, and I'm not afraid to make mistakes or to write badly. I can alsways fix something weak and dull. But I can't fix a blank page.”
“I still remember typing the title page on my manual Smith-Corona with clammy hands and a racing heart. When I came to the words, "A novel by Joyce Elbert", I heard the New York Philharmonic break into Wagnerian praise for a major new literary voice, yet seconds later doubt and insecurity had crept in.”
“Freedom is free beyond a person's limit but it is better for him to free himself within his limits.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“Your dreams are worth it. Persevere. Your focus is your power. Harness it.”
“Welcome in Curve fitness and sports room w'll play and train together to be healthy and flexible mostly spiritual motivated.”
“Despite everything, it's still you.”
“Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.”
“She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself.”
“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
“Someone you know may tell you "Why are you stressing out about it? My situation is worse". But really, the truth is that everyone has their own struggles. Struggles are not something that can be compared.”
“There is a big difference between Being Successful or Being Significant - Choose your way wisely.”
“Change is inevitable, but evolution is optional … So, I chose to evolve. What are you choosing?”
“A clown on a throne is still a clown. A king in rags is still a king.”
“Different people in different parts of the world can be thinking the same thoughts at the same time. It's an obsession of mine: that different people in different places are thinking the same thing but for different reasons. I try to make films which connect people”
“Achieving a solid mental state enables us to better cater to our physical needs (and vise versa).”
“When one flower blooms spring awakens everywhere”
“Confidence will take you places you never thought was possible to reach.”
“Most good things have already been said far too many times and just need to be lived.”
“Our ego should be polite with our stream of ideas to get the twinkles of humility”
“We mistakenly assume that bodily survival has a higher precedence than ego survival. This is simply not generally true. Ego will happily destroy the body for its own sake. Look at overweight executives headed for heart attacks on the way to getting their pictures in Fortune or anorexic models suffering slow starvation on their way to getting their pictures in Vogue. Protecting ego is the general case.”
“We must realize that no one escapes the bounds of time. The clock is ticking.”
“And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.”
“Chakravyuh mein ghusne se pehle, Before entering the circle of deceit, kaun tha mein aur kaisa tha, who I was, and what I was, yeh mujhe yaad hi na rahega. I would not remember. Chakravyuh mein ghusne ke baad, After entering the circle of deceit, mere aur chakravyuh ke beech, (there was) between me and the circle, sirf ek jaanleva nikat’ta thi, only a deathly intimacy iska mujhe pata hi na chalega. that I never realised.”
“Do not shy away from eating alone. Even going to a restaurant alone is ideal.”
“Good is good in the final hour, in the deepest pit – without hope, without witness, without reward. Virtue is only virtue in extremis.”
“Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!”
“If you want to concentrate deeply on some problem, and especially some piece of writing or paper-work, you should acquire a cat. Alone with the cat in the room where you work   the cat will invariably get up on your desk and settle placidly under the desk lamp   The cat will settle down and be serene, with a serenity that passes all understanding. And the tranquility of the cat will gradually come to affect you, sitting there at your desk, so that all the excitable qualities that impede your concentration compose themselves and give your mind back the self-command it has lost. You need not watch the cat all the time. Its presence alone is enough. The effect of a cat on your concentration is remarkable, very mysterious.”
“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing! Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly, & Sharing the success with all!”
“So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”
“Do not wait for life. Do not long for it. Be aware, always and at every moment, that the miracle is in the here and now.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“True friends are always together in spirit." Lucy Maud Montgomery”
“You have to find power in everything negative in your life.”
“You never fail until you stop trying.”
“Every journey begins with a small step”
“All of our thoughts, words, and deeds flow from a chain of 'cause and effect'.”
“Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.”
“Along our chosen paths, we all meet up with demons. We must meet them, and battle them, even when they are nothing but mist in the night.”
“All paths are the same: they lead nowhere.   Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't, it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere; but one has a heart, the other doesn't. One makes for a joyful journey; as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life. One makes you strong; the other weakens you.”
“If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.”
“Greet today with a smile, and a bigger smile yet tomorrow.”
“Rollup curiosities in backpack, go drive, explore.”
“You know the feeling, when you decide to walk a certain way, and while actually taking the walk, you lose your way and tumble across an entirely new alleyway, you listen to your soul, that mad mad gypsy soul of yours and tread along that unknown path and get mesmerized by all the beauty that surrounds that path, and thank your soul for that walk, that strange crazy step that took you there. Meantime, that mind of yours, that overzealous protective disciplinarian, keeps reminding you how you've turned your path, how you are losing on Time and perhaps a little bit of your dream's favour, only to let your heart smile upon its foolishness, oh but nothing is a dead-end, just a detour and you can take as many detours as you want because your Soul isn't bound by Time and dreams are but Stardust born of every star dying to breathe in yet again, just another dance of a death and birth of a star, a dream, a path to find and to lose, a walk, a long long walk, a thousand detours and yet each one as full of life and beautiful as the majesticity of Life is meant to be.”
“The most stressful cause, is dealing with jerks.”
“The effects you will have on your students are infinite and currently unknown; you will possibly shape the way they proceed in their careers, the way they will vote, the way they will behave as partners and spouses, the way they will raise their kids.”
“Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.”
“We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.”
“Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in ten years.”
“The lion never fears to walk alone.”
“You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Coffee beans and water come together to create aroma. Brewing great ideas too needs minds with a different perspective to come together.”
“It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”
“Think every possible way to be an entrepreneur as the future to your success can be built by you alone!”
“Here’s what I want YOU to know. Cancer isn’t necessarily a death sentence.”
“Music is all around you; all you have to do is listen to it.”
“Your life will be more splendid than those who choose to become a prisoner of hatred. We must remove the hate in our hearts so there can only be love and compassion. Decide today that, no matter what, you will choose to live a life of love.”
“Let your voice soar like a bird’s song, unaffected by the thoughts or opinions of others.”
“Then there is the callous side, the war-wracked sentiment, the notion that a Band-Aid was ripped from the bullet wound. The fear for what comes next, the longing many Afghans have to leave, the unraveling humanitarian catastrophe, the hunger pains fused with the ache of abandonment.”
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”
“If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.”
“A burning desire has devious ways of transmuting itself into its physical equivalent.”
“With our thoughts we make the world.”
“The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.”
“Using your imagination allows your freedom from this world and gives you the ability to enjoy a glimpse of heaven.”
“I wrote the song 'Down to Earth' a few years ago, and i was really excited to record it for My World album. It's a huge fan favourite. So many people feel where i'm coming from. It doesn't need any spectacular stage effects in the touring show; the best thing i can do is just sing it straight from my heart. I'm not afraid to show my emotions; if you love someone, you should tell them. If you think a girl is beautiful, you should say that. Usher says some songs work best when there's a sob in the singer's voice. You gotta let that deep feeling come through. And that's how i felt about this song. Sometimes the emotion of it is enough to bring tears to my eyes.”
“Everything rises and falls from mindset. If your mindset is right you will be right. If your mindset is wrong, you will be wrong. Let your mindset be optimistic.”
“If love is a city, to enter it, you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Receive with simplicity everything that happens to you.”
“The Law of Karma states that neither a drop of kindness nor a speck of evil will go unreturned.”
“We stood there, looking at each other, saying nothing. But it was the kind of nothing that meant everything. In his eyes, there was no trace of what had happened between us earlier and I could feel something inside me break. So that was that. We were finally, finally over. I looked at him, and I felt so sad, because this thought occurred to me: 'I will never look at you the same way again. I'll never be that girl again. The girl who comes running back every time you push her away, the girl who loves you anyway.' I couldn’t even be mad at him, because this was who he was. This was who he’d always been. He’d never lied about that. He gave and then he took away. I felt it in the pit of my stomach, the familiar ache, that lost, regretful feeling only he could give me. I never wanted to feel it again. Never, ever. Maybe this was why I came, so I could really know. So I could say good-bye. I looked at him, and I thought, 'If I was very brave or very honest, I would tell him.' I would say it, so he would know it and I would know it, and I could never take it back. But I wasn’t that brave or honest, so all I did was look at him. And I think he knew anyway. 'I release you. I evict you from my heart. Because if I don't do it now, I never will.' I was the one to look away first.”
“Cheat your landlord if you can and must, but do not try to shortchange the Muse. It cannot be done. You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.”
“There's a lot of talk these days about giving children self-esteem. It's not something you can give; it's something they have to build.”
“Well, it’s like this. We choose to stay and to let go. We ask guidance from God with our choices. We align our desires to the opportunities presented. But sometimes, even if we want something or someone so badly, we just can’t have them. Either circumstances do not allow it, or we are just not the choice.”
“I cannot lead you into battle, I do not give you laws or administer justice, but I can do something else: I can give my heart and my devotion to these old islands and to all the peoples of our brotherhood of nations.” Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II”
“What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.”
“I wish that people realized how this felt every day. Why does it take a life ending to learn how to cherish each day? Why must we wait until we run out of time to start to accomplish all that we dreamed, when once we had all the time in the world? Why don’t we look at the person we love the most like it’s the last time we will ever see them? Because if we did, life would be so vibrant. Life would be so truly and completely lived.”
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”
“The bigger the risk, the bigger the prize is how life works in lots of situations. And when we show intelligent bravery in the face of a risk worth taking, the prize is often bigger than we can ever imagine.”
“Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Men brave and generous live the best lives, seldom will they sorrow; then there are fools, afraid of everything, who grumble instead of giving.”
“Life becomes wonderful when you do wonderful things in your life”
“Life is a miracle marvelous in every moment.”
“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best  For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..”
“Everybody trusts a guy in a raincoat. I don't know why. It's just one of those mystery facts.”
“Remember, God doesn't demand perfection. That is His job.”
“Why am I compelled to write?  Because the world I create in the writing compensates for what the real world does not give me. By writing I put order in the world, give it a handle so I can grasp it. I write because life does not appease my appetites and anger  To become more intimate with myself and you. To discover myself, to preserve myself, to make myself, to achieve self-autonomy. To dispell the myths that I am a mad prophet or a poor suffering soul. To convince myself that I am worthy and that what I have to say is not a pile of shit  Finally I write because I'm scared of writing, but I'm more scared of not writing.”
“By being true to yourself and defending what you believe in, you can change the world.”
“Even on the darkest of nights, a single candle can light up a room and bring hope.”
“We sometimes have a flash of understanding that amounts to the insight of genius, and yet it slowly withers, even in our hands - like a flower. The form remains, but the colours and the fragrance are gone.”
“I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.”
“I've made plenty of mistakes in my day, but one thing I've learned is that you never have to make the same mistake twice.”
“When you make the dream of your heart a treasure of heaven, it holds an eternal value.”
“Clarity is not just a state of mind, it's a force of nature that drives you towards your goals with unwavering focus and purpose. Embrace it, harness it, and let it propel you to your next level.”
“The heart is the toughest part of the body. Tenderness is in the hands.”
“The biggest enemy resides between your ears. Don't let the negativity in your head ruin your present. Listen to the good thoughts and write your narrative of a successful life today. You make who you are and will be in the coming days.”
“The wide awake man seizes opportunities or makes them, and thus those who are widest awake usually come to the front.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“You have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing. You have to always keep your goals in mind.” -Hera, goddess of marriage ”
“You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.”
“There is no retreat like repentance.”
“Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more ”
“Imagine living your life so indelibly that others remember your smile long after they’ve forgotten your name!”
“Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!”
“Knowing when to let go, and actually doing it, is an essential skill that can be developed. However, it requires you to have a lot of trust in yourself.”
“You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”
“Time is always new, for dreams to come true Destiny is yours, to do what you do Change is different, but only for awhile Free will it always, brings in a whole new style Competition makes, the fight all worth your while”
“Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”
“Friendships exist in seasons; the dynamics of social relationships change and evolve as we grow older.”
“People with a strong sense of purpose, persistence and accomplishment perform better at work.”
“It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.”
“A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value. I read that in a book." "If you keep staring at me, I'll hit you." "I only became part of your team recently when I replaced Sasuke, so I don't know everything that's going on. I don't really understand people either. But even I can tell that Naruto really loves you. Naruto's been shouldering that promise for a long time I think he means to shoulder it for the rest of his life. I don't know what you said to him, but it's just like what's been done to me - it feels like a curse. Sasuke causes Naruto pain, but I think you do too." "Sasuke is only helping spread his darkness across the world. Letting him live will only sow the seeds of another war. He's just another criminal now. Sasuke lost all hope of coming back when his group, Akatsuki, attacked our village. Your fellow Konoha shinobi would never accept him now. Sakura's not stupid, either. She understands the position he's put us all in. That's why she came out here, to tell you herself.”
“It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.”
“My father used to say that life is what you make it. Today is the first day of the rest of your life. You can’t change the past, but the future isn’t set in stone. You can effect a change there. Move forward not with hatred or love. Move forward with purpose. (Simone)”
“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
“If you are wise but weak your wisdom is futile; if you are fearless but fool your courage is a waste.Wisdom and fearlessness go hand in hand. One is quite useless without the other. -Emit Eht”
“Invest in yourself. You'll make the money back. Just keep an abundant mindset.”
“When the flames of life are gnawing away at your butt, run faster, quicker, and harder than you've ever run before, because I guarantee it that life will condition you, harder than any trainer ever will. When you state to yourself with the utter most believe, “I will achieve this,” than you are on the path, and this is when life throws obstacles left, right, straight on and which other way, but keep going. Because you will make it”
“We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.”
“Light must come from inside.You cannot ask the darkness to leave you; You must turn on the light.”
“Forgive to forget, do not forget to forgive”
“Change might be opportunity, instead of disaster.”
“An instrumental component of the human formula is our insatiable need for interpersonal connections.”
“Our minds are constantly filled with self-doubts and internal conflicts that accuse us of being helpless, miserable, stupid, and deceived.”
“The way I see it there’s two types of people, those who spend their lives trying to build a future and those who spend their lives trying to rebuild the past. For too long I’d be stuck in between, hidden in the dark.”
“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
“Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.”
“Dear Superwoman, It may take a while to get where you want to be, but you can get there. All you have to do is do what you can until you get there.”
“Busyness is expensive.”
“Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.”
“The moment you surrender to love and allow it to lead you to exactly where your soul wants to go, you will have no difficulty.”
“Man's beliefs are so powerful, so strong; take them away and he is suddenly nothing. -Emit Eht”
“Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?”
“Your failures are your assets, make sure you remember it when you fail and especially when you are trying to succeed”
“Someday you are the guitarist; someday you are the guitar.”
“Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.”
“When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.”
“Look to expand beyond the daily grind, and find activities that are new and exciting.”
“A woman of faith is never intimidated by what is happening around her. She knows that, beyond her belief, lie many breakthroughs.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“To be deeply loved, means a willingness to cut yourself wide open, exposing your vulnerabilities  hopes, hurts, fears and flaws. Hiding behind the highlight reel of who you are, is the real you and that person is just as worthy of love. There is nothing more terrifying or fulfilling, than complete love, it's worth the risk  reach for it.”
“The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.”
“Bitch (noun): A woman who won't bang her head against the wall obsessing over someone else's opinion - be it a man or anyone else in her life. She understands that if someone does not approve of her, it's just one person's opinion; therefore, it's of no real importance. She doesn't try to live up to anyone else's standards - only her own. Because of this, she relates to a man very differently.”
“If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.”
“Dear Superwoman, In case you aspire to succeed in life, your desires, your dreams, and your destiny must not come last in your mind. Know what needs to be a priority and make sure your priorities are not misplaced. That way, you can be assured you are on your way to success.”
“What if I mess up?" "Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me." "What's that?" "Stay alive long enough to mess up again.”
“A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.”
“Baby, when everything and everyone is telling you that you can't do something, there's still a way. When you get to the crossroads and start feeling like you can do it, but you can't figure out what's next, I want you to whisper this to yourself: Patricia Blackstock Johnson. I want you to remember that if Tab's mama can put a pencil in her mouth to hit record on her tape recorder, what can you not do? Where there's a will, there's a way. All you have to do is have the willpower to keep going. Even when it looks like it's going to be over or the storm is too powerful, honey, stay in a state of gratitude. Give God praise in advance.”
“[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother] The record of a generous life runs like a vine around the memory of our dead, and every sweet, unselfish act is now a perfumed flower. Dear Friends: I am going to do that which the dead oft promised he would do for me. The loved and loving brother, husband, father, friend, died where manhood's morning almost touches noon, and while the shadows still were falling toward the west. He had not passed on life's highway the stone that marks the highest point; but, being weary for a moment, he lay down by the wayside, and, using his burden for a pillow, fell into that dreamless sleep that kisses down his eyelids still. While yet in love with life and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust. Yet, after all, it may be best, just in the happiest, sunniest hour of all the voyage, while eager winds are kissing every sail, to dash against the unseen rock, and in an instant hear the billows roar above a sunken ship. For whether in mid sea or 'mong the breakers of the farther shore, a wreck at last must mark the end of each and all. And every life, no matter if its every hour is rich with love and every moment jeweled with a joy, will, at its close, become a tragedy as sad and deep and dark as can be woven of the warp and woof of mystery and death. This brave and tender man in every storm of life was oak and rock; but in the sunshine he was vine and flower. He was the friend of all heroic souls. He climbed the heights, and left all superstitions far below, while on his forehead fell the golden dawning, of the grander day. He loved the beautiful, and was with color, form, and music touched to tears. He sided with the weak, the poor, and wronged, and lovingly gave alms. With loyal heart and with the purest hands he faithfully discharged all public trusts. He was a worshipper of liberty, a friend of the oppressed. A thousand times I have heard him quote these words: 'For Justice all place a temple, and all season, summer!' He believed that happiness was the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest. He added to the sum of human joy; and were every one to whom he did some loving service to bring a blossom to his grave, he would sleep to-night beneath a wilderness of flowers. Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to look beyond the heights. We cry aloud, and the only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes no word; but in the night of death hope sees a star and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing. He who sleeps here, when dying, mistaking the approach of death for the return of health, whispered with his latest breath, 'I am better now.' Let us believe, in spite of doubts and dogmas, of fears and tears, that these dear words are true of all the countless dead. And now, to you, who have been chosen, from among the many men he loved, to do the last sad office for the dead, we give his sacred dust. Speech cannot contain our love. There was, there is, no gentler, stronger, manlier man.”
“Better to be strong than pretty and useless.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.”
“Don't let glimmers of mediocrity hold you back from achieving greatness! One small step today could be the start of a BIG journey ahead--so don't let yourself be limited by what's come before. If you want to break free from the shackles of mediocrity, do it with courage and confidence. Together, we can create a brighter future for ourselves!”
“This is the journey of surviving through poetry, This is the blood, sweat, tears, of twenty-two years, This is my heart, This is the hurting, the loving, the breaking, and the healing.”
“Why can you see the stars at night, but not the light ”
“Do not love half lovers Do not entertain half friends Do not indulge in works of the half talented Do not live half a life and do not die a half death If you choose silence, then be silent When you speak, do so until you are finished Do not silence yourself to say something And do not speak to be silent If you accept, then express it bluntly Do not mask it If you refuse then be clear about it for an ambiguous refusal is but a weak acceptance Do not accept half a solution Do not believe half truths Do not dream half a dream Do not fantasize about half hopes Half a drink will not quench your thirst Half a meal will not satiate your hunger Half the way will get you no where Half an idea will bear you no results Your other half is not the one you love It is you in another time yet in the same space It is you when you are not Half a life is a life you didn't live, A word you have not said A smile you postponed A love you have not had A friendship you did not know To reach and not arrive Work and not work Attend only to be absent What makes you a stranger to them closest to you and they strangers to you The half is a mere moment of inability but you are able for you are not half a being You are a whole that exists to live a life not half a life”
“Do not let the hero in your soul parish, in lonely frustration, for the life you deserved but never have been able to reach. Check your road and the nature of your battle. The world you desired can be won. It exists, it is real, it is possible, it is yours.”
“Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“Man who is deeply in love with nature never ages.”
“The good is the Enemy of the best. Until you depart from the good, you cannot enter God's best for your life.”
“In life, God is like the director of a film. He knows when to change scenes. Do not just rewrite the script without consulting Him. It is crucial to listen to what He directs you to do in Spirit. That being said, remember that life is not a film. You cannot repeat or undo scenes. There will be no audience to watch all the time, but He will. So, whatever you do, do it knowing that He who is unseen is watching.”
“You were born together, and together you shall be for evermore But let there be spaces in your togetherness Love one another, but make not a bond of love. Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not of the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.”
“To stay ahead in the fast and furious world, slow down and think! ”
“Imagine all the stress in your life, having wings, and can simply fly away in the wind.”
“The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”
“Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“Facts didn't matter to people if they were smiling.”
“If pain is a pot of boiling water, humor can be the rising steam.”
“Only you can take inner freedom away from yourself, or give it to yourself. Nobody else can.”
“Life is quite short; do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“God is not interested in your art but, your heart.”
“One Day or Day One, You Are InControl of Your Life and Career”
“Embrace the challenge of carving your own path! Not all careers are created equal, making an ordinary career into an extraordinary experience is what the journey really about”
“Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in, I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?”
“True humility is recognizing that every being has something to teach us.”
“Just for the record: happiness is not bullshit.”
“It is not easy to forget those who touched your life in a special way. It is good to celebrate life’s heroes while they are still alive. Choose to appreciate the good things they have done.”
“It good thing to put make up on that will suit your personality and match your tone skin color,outfit for an example if you're a polite person us polite colors if you're vibrant or bubble person vibe colors is yours that will make you beautiful in a stylish way if it heppen that you want to booster apply bright colors it little touch up or lower adjust color little not with the way that will show.”
“You will find that joy is infinitely more accessible, and sustainable, when you are constantly seeking self-improvement.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“Sometimes you gotta embrace the chaos in your life in order to find the peace in it, ya know?”
“But that’s the beauty of dreams: they’re yours. No one else’s. You don’t need permission or justification to pursue them. You can give them relevance and importance and meaning all by yourself.”
“Pain is growth.”
“Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.”
“Trust not in Sprites nor the motivations of a Gnome.”
“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
“Money is just an idea.”
“Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.”
“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
“Once there was a boy,” said Jace. Clary interrupted immediately. “A Shadowhunter boy?” “Of course.” For a moment a bleak amusement colored his voice. Then it was gone. “When the boy was six years old, his father gave him a falcon to train. Falcons are raptors – killing birds, his father told him, the Shadowhunters of the sky. “The falcon didn’t like the boy, and the boy didn’t like it, either. Its sharp beak made him nervous, and its bright eyes always seemed to be watching him. It would slash at him with beak and talons when he came near: For weeks his wrists and hands were always bleeding. He didn’t know it, but his father had selected a falcon that had lived in the wild for over a year, and thus was nearly impossible to tame. But the boy tried, because his father told him to make the falcon obedient, and he wanted to please his father. “He stayed with the falcon constantly, keeping it awake by talking to it and even playing music to it, because a tired bird was meant to be easier to tame. He learned the equipment: the jesses, the hood, the brail, the leash that bound the bird to his wrist. He was meant to keep the falcon blind, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it – instead he tried to sit where the bird could see him as he touched and stroked its wings, willing it to trust him. Hee fed it from his hand, and at first it would not eat. Later it ate so savagely that its beak cut the skin of his palm. But the boy was glad, because it was progress, and because he wanted the bird to know him, even if the bird had to consume his blood to make that happen. “He began to see that the falcon was beautiful, that its slim wings were built for the speed of flight, that it was strong and swift, fierce and gentle. When it dived to the ground, it moved like likght. When it learned to circle and come to his wrist, he neary shouted with delight Sometimes the bird would hope to his shoulder and put its beak in his hair. He knew his falcon loved him, and when he was certain it was not just tamed but perfectly tamed, he went to his father and showed him what he had done, expecting him to be proud. “Instead his father took the bird, now tame and trusting, in his hands and broke its neck. ‘I told you to make it obedient,’ his father said, and dropped the falcon’s lifeless body to the ground. ‘Instead, you taught it to love you. Falcons are not meant to be loving pets: They are fierce and wild, savage and cruel. This bird was not tamed; it was broken.’ “Later, when his father left him, the boy cried over his pet, until eventually his father sent a servant to take the body of the bird away and bury it. The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he’d learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.”
“I could waste my time counting all the hurts that you have caused me. But I choose to rebuild myself by counting all the strong points that I still have in me.”
“If you want to change the fruits, you will first have to change the roots. If you want to change the visible, you must first change the invisible.”
“Considering the immense advantages of forgiving others, why should we take any different approach when addressing the misfortunes that we bring upon ourselves?”
“Draw, dance, invent, plan, just do anything to stimulate your imagination.”
“There is a sense in which all cognition can be said to be motivated. One is motivated to understand the world, to be in touch with reality, to remove doubt, etc. Alternately one might say that motivation is an aspect of cognition itself. Nevertheless, motives like wanting to find the truth, not wanting to be mistaken, etc., tend to align with epistemic goals in a way that many other commitments do not. As we have begun to see, all reasoning may be inextricable from emotion. But if a person's primary motivation in holding a belief is to hue to a positive state of mind, to mitigate feelings of anxiety, embarrassment, or guilt for instance. This is precisely what we mean by phrases like "wishful thinking", and "self-deception". Such a person will of necessity be less responsive to valid chains of evidence and argument that run counter to the beliefs he is seeking to maintain. To point out non-epistemic motives in an others view of the world, therefore, is always a criticism, as it serves to cast doubt on a persons connection to the world as it is.”
“We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“I just liked the idea that there's still things that we don't know. At school, it's the same thing, every day. I liked that it might be all right to believe in large, mad, wild things.”
“For you to be propelled to greater heights in life there are some things you don’t learn in school —like learning not to quit.”
“A word builds a sentence, which builds a paragraph, which builds a page, which builds a chapter, which builds a book. Build with intent.”
“The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.”
“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“Always have something to look forward to”
“Shedding: She asked "How can you keep shedding your past? Your failures, your losses, and people you once loved?" And I replied: "Because there are some things you just cannot keep. They have provided you with the lesson, and you have taken the growth, So what is left to hold onto? Keep shedding sweetheart. Keep finding new and wonderful strengths that you never imagined you owned, Climbing mountains you never thought you'd climb, And mending your wounded heart for yet another time Life is all about shedding. So don't keep hurting the softness of your soul. Life's most profound gifts are held in the hands of those who can learn so graciously to let go".”
“If you ever feel helpless  go and help someone. Yes, you! Just go ”
“Loneliness isn't the problem the part of yourself that resides within you that is attached to people or things believing it needs them to be whole is.”
“How we treat others is a reflection of how we treat ourselves. It is rare almost impossible, for a mean, conniving, hurtful, racist, bigoted person to truly love themselves.”
“You love your life because life never stops loving your body to grow till your last breath.”
“Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.”
“Respect is not for sale. You can gain respect by being polite and courteous to others.”
“Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.”
“I have been frozen I have been molten I have been boiled I have been ripped I have been hardened And still I settle.”
“Life is not about what you have achieved in the past. It is about what you can achieve in your lifetime. There is always room to excel at your craft. So, make good use of your time.”
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”
“Not All Dry Wood's Face Is A Funance”
“Sometimes it's worth lingering on the journey for a while before getting to the destination.”
“When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.”
“Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something…”
“As wonderful as it is to have clarity, I want to reach back to my younger self, through the years and past all the pain I put myself through. I want to go back and somehow shorten the winding road she’s starting down. I would go to the night she sat pointing at her Bible and tell her how much intrinsic value she had, just waiting to be unleashed.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“In giving up, we incur a change of mindset and settle for lesser accomplishments.”
“Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“Coincidences link us to the unknown and weave us into it.”
“Maybe the path went in a circle. Maybe there was a more gradual, friendly slope back up the mountain so he wouldn't have to double back. He could keep moving forward but still end up home.”
“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.”
“We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.”
“I am not a little bit of many things; but I am the sufficient representation of many things. I am not an incompletion of all these races; but I am a masterpiece of the prolific. I am an entirety, I am not a lack of anything; rather I am a whole of many things. God did not see it needful to make me generic. He thinks I am better than that.”
“Any progress or development without the fear of God at its core; generates an evil society full of immoral ideals.”
“Thank you, women, of the world, for being mothers of NATIONS. The power is in our hands. Stand Up and be Counted! Ladies, Be Fearless! Never quit! Continue to Make History!”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. The Victory is Yours.”
“Sometimes you can learn, even from a bad experience. By coping you become stronger. The pain does not go away, but it becomes manageable.”
“Our world has no place for cowards.”
“The higher knowledge, the higher responsibility”
“The ‘Muse’ is not an artistic mystery, but a mathematical equation. The gift are those ideas you think of as you drift to sleep. The giver is that one you think of when you first awake.”
“Creating your own unique lane, creates a way for you to fully thrive as an individual. It shows you how to kick down the door of opportunity without waiting for it to be given to you. You already have the tools you need to alchemize this. But you will have to travel within to see what they are. Here's a hint: These are the gifts you've been in denial about for most of your life.”
“Life is a journey , a yearning for love.”
“Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?”
“Courage is not only about finding bravery for ourselves. It is also about helping others find theirs.”
“Tragedy happens to lots of people. You can decide to let it destroy you, or you can decide to move on.”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours, Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“Life is not about the loud cheers or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Whatever you see you gotta keep a sense of humor; you gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit.”
“Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.”
“No matter who we are or what we are pursuing, we will never escape the possibility of failure. Have the courage to persevere.”
“Isn't it amazing how we always have to put our mark on things? And how, from the natural world, we find evidence over and over again that reminds us, not so much of the birds, but of our own stories and our own kinds of art?”
“To live for someone is often sacrifice oneself, but to live for one's self glory is to shine oneself in others.”
“Sometimes, when you're in the midst of tragedy—of heartbreak—it can be impossible to see the other side. It's like you're drowning beneath the weight of your emotions, memories, you very thoughts, but if you just keep going, keep swimming, then eventually you make it to shore. You're tired, but stronger, and look at yourself in a new light. I think it's our tendency to doubt ourselves, to think we're weaker than what we are, but there's more in all of us than we realize.”
“75 percent of the constituent alphabets in the phrase "Your personal life" establish one's right to withhold, barricade, and restrict others' access to specific exclusive information, generally referred to as: A SECRET”
“Don't just make money, impact lives positively. Because when you die, somebody else who claim your property but your impact will remain for a very long time.”
“Every inventive dream conjured today illuminates the possible pathways of tomorrow.”
“Obey God and leave all the consequences to Him.”
“My pen and paper can do this better, tell you the story about black girl raised by her father in a poor family rural area with no education and better qualifications to make her life better that me the only thing I had was dream and goal to turn around my situation the bigger I dreamed It what I managed to get as I mentioned the only thing that I know is sound of birds,trees,my dad's goats that I was a sherped of it and water flows I made a decision that I don't want to die on that situation.”
“Rock bottom is somewhere none of us ever want to be, but sometimes it happens. It's a place that, if we allow it, can destroy us. On the other hand, it can teach us about the deepest, darkest parts of ourselves for our ultimate growth.”
“Life is so good when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Today’s society has an obsession with electronic entertainment.”
“To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.”
“Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.”
“Reminiscing about my childhood days, I still remember that when I would wake up in the morning, I would find my mother writing in her diary or on bits of paper. She would sometimes not get any diary, or paper and write in the back pages of magazines and even in the blank spaces of the telephone directory. My mother Poet Manjushree Mohanty is truly an Inspiration for me and many poets and writers.”
“When you stop complaining about others for not helping you and focus on your efforts; there’s no stopping you.”
“We sometimes have to exercise to want to exercise.”
“Sometimes those you value may not value you. Those you love may not love you. But God has a way of bringing the best people into your life, even when they seem like the wrong choice to you. Always follow God's direction.”
“Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.”
“Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!”
“You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.”
“It is said that God has created man in his own image. But it may be that humankind has created God in the image of humankind.”
“Thus is the nature of love: that you must use it! A love unused is not love! If it is something that sits on the shelf that you don't know what to do with, it is not true to the nature of love! Use love!”
“Dear Human: You've got it all wrong. You didn't come here to master unconditional love. This is where you came from and where you'll return. You came here to learn personal love. Universal love. Messy love. Sweaty Love. Crazy love. Broken love. Whole love. Infused with divinity. Lived through the grace of stumbling. Demonstrated through the beauty of  messing up. Often. You didn't come here to be perfect, you already are. You came here to be gorgeously human. Flawed and fabulous. And rising again into remembering. But unconditional love? Stop telling that story. Love in truth doesn't need any adjectives. It doesn't require modifiers. It doesn't require the condition of perfection. It only asks you to show up. And do your best. That you stay present and feel fully. That you shine and fly and laugh and cry and hurt and heal and fall and get back up and play and work and live and die as YOU. Its enough. It's Plenty.”
“Have you had a failure or rejection? You could get bitter. That's one way to deal with it. Or you could just get BETTER. What do you think?”
“Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.”
“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
“Live life with a purpose and live it full out.”
“Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.”
“Under the state of willpower depletion, we are more likely to break habits that hold dependency on resiliency and discipline.”
“Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.”
“No matter how much you know, your destiny depends on the Wisdom, Knowledge and Understanding you display.”
“When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.”
“You would argue that we’re not a parasitic life form?’ Arthur challenged. Morgan seemed wounded. ‘Do you think I’m parasitic, Arthur?’ asked Bedivere, his eyebrows raised. ‘No, but—’ ‘How about Gwen?’ he added, teasing. ‘Of course not, I didn’t say that the individual is parasitic, just our current way of life. Consumerism is destroying the planet. No, it has destroyed the planet. Why do you think half the world has starved to death? There’s not enough left to support everyone.’ ‘Says who?’ Morgan snapped. ‘Says common sense.’ He could feel the wine loosening his tongue. ‘People are lying when they say things aren’t that bad. What do you think all those wars were for? We were all just fighting over who got to eat the last éclair.’ Marvin’s stomach growled, and he awkwardly cleared his throat.”
“to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running”
“Today is the day you choose to find joy, fulfillment and the path that will make your heart sing. It's your choice, never lose sight of that.”
“A hopeless man is a very desperate and dangerous man, almost a dead man.”
“It takes courage to be a champion.”
“Losing a belief in free will has not made me fatalistic—in fact, it has increased my feelings of freedom. My hopes, fears, and neuroses seem less personal and indelible. There is no telling how much I might change in the future. Just as one wouldn’t draw a lasting conclusion about oneself on the basis of a brief experience of indigestion, one needn’t do so on the basis of how one has thought or behaved for vast stretches of time in the past. A creative change of inputs to the system—learning new skills, forming new relationships, adopting new habits of attention—may radically transform one’s life.”
“Realism is wisdom to use power true to life. Self-doubt will only hold you back from pursuing your dreams, and the harsh realities of life will only humble your self-importance.” ~Tunde Salami”
“Quit being so hard on yourself. We are what we are; we love what we love. We don't need to justify it to anyone  not even to ourselves.”
“You either have to write or you shouldn't be writing. That's all.”
“Be bold to count your blessings.”
“As long as you keep moving, it doesn't matter how slowly you go.”
“Life denotes the beginning of dying, and death denotes the origin of life.”
“I would rather live short and right then long and wrong.”
“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
“Astuteness is consistently cautious, warning, ‘Be careful,’ whereas love says, ‘Goodness, don’t bother!’ ‘Dive in!”
“During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.”
“You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever . connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.”
“Every single person is sacred. Sacred means special, precious, a treasure of true beauty. That means you.”
“Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.”
“Creativity doesn't stop when we get that one project right, it is ingrained in our lives--inescapable.”
“Savor everything. Cling to nothing. Live now because living then won't be any better.”
“My nose does not look like Barbie's nose and that's perfectly fine.”
“It is during these moments that we must remember the impermanence of time.”
“I want to be like Gandhi and Martin Luther King and John Lennon but i want to STAY ALIVE.”
“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.”
“Meditation is a gift. It's not only utilized for mental and emotional peace. It is also a way for us to connect and receive information from other Sources. Take full advantage of this.”
“Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.”
“Living life ONCE is enough if you live life RIGHT.”
“Everything that you look at, even the things you like, or the people that you disdain or abhor, exists in you to varying degrees.”
“Love is a longing for becoming one with another human being that nobody of us can avoid.”
“Birth, life, and deatheach took place on the hidden side of a leaf.”
“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”
“Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.”
“Self-discipline begins with the mastery of your thoughts. If you don’t control what you think, you can’t control what you do. Simply, self-discipline enables you to think first and act afterward.”
“If you had started doing anything two weeks ago, by today you would have been two weeks better at it.”
“Life is a risk. Life is also punctuated by moments of great risk, and your identity and legacy are shaped by how you respond in those critical moments.”
“In a village people were happy eating rice and vegetables. Then somebody started coming every morning to distribute sweets. Now villagers are happy only in the morning when they get sweets. Rest of the time they remain depressed. The sweets of hope and positivity and motivation being distributed everywhere are actually causing anxiety and depression.”
“Even good paddy - is punished by being pounded with the pestle to yield rice.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Let no one demean your intelligence. Let no one dribble you from your happiness. Let no one derail you from success. Be a smart, courageous and determined woman.”
“I am the captain of my soul.”
“Whether you think you're right or you think you're wrong. You're right." "If you think in pictures, write. If you think in words, paint.”
“I revel in the beauty that God has given me of which there is no end.”
“Without downs ups are just flats”
“Always remember, your focus determines your reality.”
“Its more fun to think of the future than dwell on the past.”
“Please remember: when you are so afraid to run that even your fluffy ears and tail are shaking, that is exactly the moment you must do it. Otherwise, you will be left on the starting line all the time.”
“Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.”
“The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready.”
“In the face of adversity, remember that every setback is a setup for a comeback.”
“Sylvie aced the classes she was interested in but got C's or D's in everything else. Julia had operated her determination like a lawn mower and mowed through high school with the next step in her sights.”
“If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.”
“All one can really leave one's children is what's inside their heads. Education, in other words, and not earthly possessions, is the ultimate legacy, the only thing that cannot be taken away.”
“Everyone hurts. Everyone has been hurt by someone and everyone has hurt someone. It takes a great deal of strength and integrity to admit when you are wrong. Feeding the urge to hurt others because you have been hurt only weakens your resolve to heal and creates more pain and suffering. If you learn to forgive yourself and others, you gain the strength of empathy and power of compassion. When you intentionally inflict pain on others because your heart is broken, you only cause more heartbreak. If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. But inside the realization of this weakness lies the key to true power. Once you acknowledge that you have been wrong and make a legitimate effort to make things right, you begin to shed the false skin of ego and step into your authentic self. That is where your real strength and power lies.”
“When, at last, I ceased to be myself, I came to be.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“May I confess good people,it been i while my last passing near the mirror, please don't judge me.This things heppen to everyone, since I joined the gym quiters in body strike I'm regretting it cause quiters deos'not win.”
“All my life, she said, I have been told ‘go’ and come.’ I am told how I will live, and I am told how I must die. I must be a man’s servant and a mare for his pleasure, or I must hide myself behind walls and surrender my flesh to a cold, silent god. I would walk into the jaws of hell itself, if it were a path of my own choosing. I would rather die tomorrow in the forest than live a hundred years of the life appointed me.”
“The way that you make people resilient is by voluntarily exposing them to things that they are afraid of and that makes them uncomfortable.”
“The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.”
“I learned that inspiration does not come like a bolt, nor is it kinetic, energetic striving, but it comes into us slowly and quietly and all the time, though we must regularly and every day give it a little chance to start flowing, prime it with a little solitude and idleness.”
“In life, whatever you give to your society should be more than what you receive from it.”
“Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count”
“A too closely watched flower/blossoms the wrong color./Excess attention to the jonquil/turns it gentian. Flowers/need it tranquil to get/their hues right. Some/only open at midnight.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“Make your life a beautiful poem!”
“There is no rest in the heart of God until He knows that you are at resh in His grace.”
“Love yourself deeply and be satisfied with the amazing life you create.”
“If you take any step, no matter how small it is, towards achieving your dreams then you will surely find the right path and reach the abundance that lies in store for you.”
“When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.”
“Choose to know on how to accomplish what you want.”
“The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.”
“Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.”
“A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite time in the future.”
“Children still fly kites from high on the hilltop, shrieking in delight as the nylon floats off toward the sunshine as if it was the most magnificent thrill in the world. All I can think to say, hoping those small boys could hear me, is 'fly on.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.'   There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.”
“We are never to be impressed by Money, Degrees, Titles, Positions, or Followers but be impressed by Humility, True Love, Kindness, integrity, and generosity.”
“The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.”
“Good is the enemy of great. And that is one of the key reasons why we have so little that becomes great. We don't have great schools, principally because we have good schools. We don't have great government, principally because we have good government. Few people attain great lives, in large part because it is just so easy to settle for a good life.”
“Being different is a natural reaction to the unnatural circumstances of human evolution. Anyone with half a brain realizes that the status quo is counterproductive to a sustainable future and questions the herd mentality that is leading us over this cliff. Ignorantly following the crowd is acceptable, so being smart is quirky. Call me quirky any day.”
“This living organism breathed, could roam around the world, see and be seen, and make any mess it wanted. And here Andrei was, pulsing in a field with another pulse. How miraculous that for a short period, the two of them could focus their eyes, turn their heads, lift their limbs, and run straight into the arms of another person. The living were not rocks or wood, incapable of being affected by chance, but rather forces of momentary magic that could digress and collide with anything it chose. Should a human ever feel bored lying atop their bed, they could change reality and within thirty seconds walk outside and strike up a new conversation with another pulse on the street. The living sound an ancient, sacred, temporary hum that is exclusive to them. Once gone, it can never be retrieved. But if there still, it could do anything.”
“Is it possible that the Pentateuch could not have been written by uninspired men? that the assistance of God was necessary to produce these books? Is it possible that Galilei ascertained the mechanical principles of 'Virtual Velocity,' the laws of falling bodies and of all motion; that Copernicus ascertained the true position of the earth and accounted for all celestial phenomena; that Kepler discovered his three laws—discoveries of such importance that the 8th of May, 1618, may be called the birth-day of modern science; that Newton gave to the world the Method of Fluxions, the Theory of Universal Gravitation, and the Decomposition of Light; that Euclid , Cavalieri , Descartes , and Leibniz , almost completed the science of mathematics; that all the discoveries in optics, hydrostatics, pneumatics and chemistry, the experiments, discoveries, and inventions of Galvani , Volta , Franklin and Morse , of Trevithick , Watt and Fulton and of all the pioneers of progress—that all this was accomplished by uninspired men, while the writer of the Pentateuch was directed and inspired by an infinite God? Is it possible that the codes of China, India, Egypt, Greece and Rome were made by man, and that the laws recorded in the Pentateuch were alone given by God? Is it possible that Æschylus and Shakespeare , Burns , and Beranger , Goethe and Schiller , and all the poets of the world, and all their wondrous tragedies and songs are but the work of men, while no intelligence except the infinite God could be the author of the Pentateuch? Is it possible that of all the books that crowd the libraries of the world, the books of science, fiction, history and song, that all save only one, have been produced by man? Is it possible that of all these, the bible only is the work of God?”
“Write to please just one person. If you open a window and make love to the world, so to speak, your story will get pneumonia.”
“I cried because I had no shoes until I met a man who had no feet.”
“Here lies one whose name was writ on water.”
“World peace starts with the Creator- Jesus!!”
“To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”
“A book is a gift you can open again and again." – Garrison Kellor "Some books leave us free and some books make us free." – Ralph Waldo Emerson "Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers." – Charles W. Eliot "A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors." – Charles Baudelaire "There are some books that reached through the noise of life to grab you by the collar and speak only of the truest things." – Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot "Books are mirrors: You only see in them what you already have inside you." – Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind "Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head." – Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies "A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies  The man who never reads lives only one." – George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons "Reading is an active, imaginative act; it takes work." – Khaled Hosseini "Reading is an exercise in empathy; an exercise in walking in someone else’s shoes for a while." – Malorie Blackman "That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you’re not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong." – F. Scott Fitzgerald "Once you learn to read, you will be forever free." – Frederick Douglass "Reading makes immigrants of us all. It takes us away from home, but more important, it finds homes for us everywhere." – Jean Rhys "We tell ourselves stories in order to live." – Joan Didion, The White Album”
“Ask yourself this question in the morning when you wake: in a world of possibilities, today, what will you make?”
“We can’t go back and change what happened. It’s what we do next that matters.”
“After all, far better than pleasant dreams is an amazing reality.”
“Let us each take up our flaming torches and mount as the blazing fireballs of light that we are and let's burn the skies and leave it with deep scars and let them be our signatures upon eternity as we go forth!”
“Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.”
“When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.”
“Life would have been beautiful if there weren't any problems.”
“Wellness is for work.”
“It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
“If you don't work on your dreams no one else will work on your dreams.”
“A dream is a wish your heart makes, when you're fast asleep.”
“If you get clear on the what, the how will be taken care of.”
“Joining a coterie requires no effort, but it takes every sinew to be of your standing”
“And this tree, now I am looking at is equally stubborn as me. Freezing rain, and howling wind. No, they can’t shake our spirit. Our future stretches before us and we’re travelling together into it at our velocity.”
“Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.”
“Have you ever reached a truly quiet state of mind?”
“What doesn't kill you very often makes you weaker. What doesn't kill you can leave you limping for the rest of your days. What doesn't kill you can make you scared to leave your house, or even your bedroom, and have you trembling, or mumbling incoherently, or leaning with your head on a window pane, wishing you could return to the time before the thing that didn't kill you.”
“Breaking: Keep breaking, For this is where living truly lies, In all those dark places, That held those lost and weary cries, Because it's through all the breaking where your roots of strength are found, Through all the mending, Light gives way, and you smash fresh ground. Darling, let it break so you can let it go, And you'll find the surge of healing power through the fiery skin of your soul.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.”
“Fear is an aid to the warrior. It is a small fire burning. It heats the muscles, making us stronger. Panic comes when the fire is out of control, consuming all courage and pride.”
“There was a time, when I came to Delhi from my hometown and I have survived on Parle G biscuits for the whole day.”
“Sometimes, I witness moments of such outstanding beauty that I keep them to myself. Not as an act of greed. I— I just think my description would never do them justice.”
“The difference between being mediocre and achieving excellence is you.”
“We dance round in a ring and suppose, But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.”
“Your time is the most precious thing in this world.”
“As architect of your reality, you are empowered to create it as you choose.”
“You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.”
“You have every right to a beautiful life.”
“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.”
“Each store will fulfil some of your needs, but no individual store can meet all of your needs. Learning how to set realistic expectations now and in future relationships requires you to examine each of the existing stores to see what they can offer.”
“Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.”
“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
“If the broken little girl is still a baby, let her grow into a lady.”
“If two people are meant for one another, that doesn't mean that they have to rush and be together right away. Real love takes time to grow, just like how it takes time to grow from children to adults.”
“I realized then that even though I was a tiny speck in an infinite cosmos, a blip on the timeline of eternity, I was not without purpose.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.”
“Build the table you want a seat at.”
“In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“People mock, laugh, and make memes about things that are beyond their level of comprehension. And when people hate, they hate everything about you, even the things you do with good intentions.”
“Corny as it may sound today, I was used to thinking of men in terms of guidance and protection but suddenly no man felt I needed his guidance or protection since I had the aura of money to protect me.”
“Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.”
“She does not depend on her strength. She has resolute faith in the Lord because she is a woman of God.”
“The Reality of The Other Person Lies Not In What He Reveals To You, But What He Cannot Reveal To You. Therefore, If You Would Understand Him, Listen Not To What He Says, But Rather To What He Does Not Say.”
“Anybody can make the simple complecated. Creativity is making the complecated simple.”
“It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life,   If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.”
“You have not failed until you accept your failure.”
“Our minds control us; we do not control our minds.”
“All of us need to be in touch with a mysterious, tantalizing source of inspiration that teases our sense of wonder and goads us on to life’s next adventure.”
“Don’t be shy to play alone when others refuse to play with you or aren’t available due to other commitments.”
“Maybe I'm deceiving myself. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I'd like to imagine. What does a person so willing to utterly remake himself hold inside his heart? Can I trust such a man? What motivates him? In an instant she knew, and she felt a bit of relief. Love. Love was what drove him.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your ‘A’ game.”
“Faith is your positive response to the Word of the Lord to you per time. It could be your response to what is written in the Holy Scriptures, and it could be a direct response to the instruction you receive divinely from the Lord.”
“Kara gave me a nudge with her foot under the table. I woke out of my reverie and looked at her, my first thought being, who is this girl, and how can she be so cool?” “You were drifting off.” “Oh wow. I’m sorry. I’m really bushed, I guess. The months in Berlin were intense. And then I was on the road like I never could have imagined. I was almost killed in a tunnel in Yugoslavia. Athens was crazy. The last two days have been a blur. I was almost squashed by a bus earlier today, and then I run into someone like you.” “And who is someone like me?” Kara teased.”
“The people who really make you angry, control you!”
“I want a tattoo over my heart that reads TRY HARDER YOU LAZY PARAMEDIC SHITBAG OR I WILL HAUNT YOUR BEDROOM FOREVER”
“The truth is, you will not be decisive in knowing what you want until you know who you are.”
“You are not here merely to making a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement.”
“My proceeds from the PayPal acquisition were $180 million. I put $100 million in SpaceX, $70m in Tesla, and $10m in Solar City. I had to borrow money for rent.”
“He who jumps into the void owes no explanation to those who stand and watch.”
“But people —the ordinary, the decent and basically honest— couldn’t get through the day without that one indispensable bit of programming, that allowed you to say one thing and mean, feel, even do, another.”
“Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!”
“TIME: The Long Journey It occurred to me that a life well lived takes courage to tell  When one sees beyond knowing there is no beginning and no end, only an undeniable presence of something greater than self. We understand the greater self is God. Sometimes, I feel, God presents us with sorrow to show us there is hope for tomorrow. When you touch another soul all souls unite and live as one spirit alive in the universe. God blesses us in unseen ways daily. The time we share is our history. Your endearing journey touches lives needing the love only you can give. ___Cecilia Kaelin”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Why do we always begin to think about people when they die? I think we should think about people while they're still alive! That way, they can know that we're thinking about them! I always tell people when I'm thinking about them, or that I thought about them, or that I have been thinking about them and it almost always scares them away, but so what, I am practicing the art of life and if that is frightening to them then maybe they need to start living while they're still alive!”
“she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face.”
“Genius doesn't wait for moments,they create it.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my dreams and goals. I have zero tolerance for doubt.”
“Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
“Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.”
“People wonder why so many writers come to live in Paris. I’ve been living ten years in Paris and the answer seems simple to me: because it’s the best place to pick ideas. Just like Italy, Spain.. or Iran are the best places to pick saffron. If you want to pick opium poppies you go to Burma or South-East Asia. And if you want to pick novel ideas, you go to Paris.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“People who don't smile are not serious”
“Fair means everyone gets what they need. And the only way to get what you need is to make it happen yourself.”
“If an encounter with a person doesn't feel right, probably it's not right.”
“It's better to wake up than fall back asleep in a town with no dreams.”
“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”
“There is freedom waiting for you, On the breezes of the sky, And you ask "What if I fall?" Oh but my darling, What if you fly?”
“When the energy in the room doesn't feel right, probably, it's not right. But sometimes it's also because of you.”
“You know what's amazing? The fact that every day you probably make someone you don't even know smile.”
“Then that's what the Northern Lights are. All the lives that we're not living.”
“Once adversity reveals your strength, and you know what you can endure, you become an irrepressible force of nature.”
“Instead of celebrating what makes each child unique, most parents push their children to "fit in" so that they don't "stick out." This unwittingly stomps out individuality and encourages conformity, despite these parents' good intentions”
“It doesn’t matter what we are. It matters what we do.”
“A poet is a verb that blossoms light in gardens of dawn, or sometimes midnight.”
“Vera said: “Why do you feel you have to turn everything into a story?” So I told her why. Because if I tell the story, I control the version. Because if I tell the story, I can make you laugh, and I would rather have you laugh at me than feel sorry for me. Because if I tell the story, it doesn't hurt as much. Because if I tell the story, I can get on with it.”
“Never let the tragedies of life transform you into a human tragedy.”
“My goal is to reveal all the beautifully hidden symbols of God's love through creativity and art making.”
“If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. ”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“Walk at your own pace, don't run after others because your journey may not be the same.”
“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
“The successful among us delay gratification and bargain with the future.”
“If you know how this nature works you know yourself more than anyone else”
“Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. ”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“I find the stories irritating, in their own right. They so often paint the image of some lone hero, some singular legend left to his solitary climb, bearing on his own the building hardships of a violent life. It’s all ludicrous. It’s not even that I never would have made it alone. I never would have even taken the first step up…” - The Stormweaver”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also .but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.”
“Success is not about being better than others; it's about being the best version of yourself.”
“The two of you, there's something uncanny about the way you two are with each other. I mean everything--the way you look at each other, the way she relaxes when you put your hand on her back, the way you both seem to know what the other is always thinking, it's always struck me as extraordinary. That's another reason I keep putting marriage off. I know I want something like what you two share, and I'm not sure I've found it yet. I'm not sure I ever will. And with love like that, they say anything's possible, right?”
“It's a gift of peace, to know through darkness sees the light Like the sterling moon, gleams bright up high in the eventide Now's the time To take every moment on the fly Gonna look life straight in the eye And make each and every dream come alive Now's the time”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives; focus on the positives.”
“Never tire of doing the little things for others; sometimes the little things are the most important”
“A child's giggle is worth one hundred pounds of gold.”
“Nothing is permanent in this material world. All that you smell, hear, touch, see, and taste are outcomes of Prakriti and they are transitory - 'One moment here, the next moment it is gone.”
“The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.”
“In any situation, always remember God is step ahead”
“It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.”
“So many things are possible as long as you don't know they are impossible.”
“we all are puppets under someone's control”
“If you are an entrepreneur you have the potential to change the lives of millions and you must not forget it forever”
“Look at the lovely dandelions growing through a crack in the pavement. Maybe, you’re one of them. Maybe, we all are.”
“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
“If God on the Cross is God shamming a human tragedy, it turns the Passion of Christ into the Farce of Christ. The death of the Son must be real. Father Martin assured me it was. But once a dead God, always a dead God, even resurrected. The Son must have the taste for death forever in His mouth. The Trinity must be tainted by it; there must be a certain stench at the right hand of God the Father. The horror must be real. Why would God wish that upon Himself? Why not leave death to the mortals? Why make dirty what is beautiful, spoil what is perfect? Love. That was Father Martin's answer.”
“Always make your future bigger than your past.”
“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”
“Nobody is going to save you but yourself and the ‘best’ and only way to do so is through action.”
“Sometimes, you have to hold another person and seek comfort and that's ok. It doen't make you weak to need human touch”
“Even the brightest flowers must grow through the darkness. Darkness is inevitable. We need to learn to coexist with the darkness. It won’t linger on forever.”
“Dance with an energy that makes mountains move to your choreography.”
“No matter how painful it may be, we must learn to face our shortcomings with open arms.”
“I was not born with a silver spoon, but an old rusty steel spoon bent all out of shape. Over the year's I made that old spoon straight again. I polished that spoon so hard, now my spoon shines just as if it were made of newly minted silver !”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.”
“i" should always be small.”
“Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.”
“They alone live, who live for others.”
“We cannot go far in life if we only take the path that everyone is taking.”
“Never let anybody guess that you have a mind of your own. Above all be pure”
“Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.”
“Love doesn't always come when you want it to. Sometimes it just happens, despite your will.”
“People are not being reached in the context of the body of Christ--they're like newborn babies being left on a doorstep somewhere to feed and care for themselves.”
“The 7 Secrets of Overcoming Your Haters 1. Identify your haters. 2. Study your haters. 3. Understand your haters. 4. Confront your haters. 5. Admonish your haters. 6. Avoid your haters. 7. Ignore your haters.”
“The best way to have people laugh with you and not at you, is to get ahead of them and laugh at yourself first.”
“Having an eye for beauty isn't the same thing as a weakness except possibly when it comes to you.”
“My belief is that we have an opportunity, each and every day, to make choices that can have a positive impact, or not. Each day we awake is like a reset. Decide each day to make impactful choices.”
“Change is possible if you allow it to happen. Nothing in life is constant; it's always evolving and that's how life happens for me. Through my adversities I can reach new heights.”
“Some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships.”
“To be a genius you must be a madman for. Your art ~”
“The minute I stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy the girl came.”
“There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you.”
“Have a variety of games in which you engage. Variety sharpens your cognitive skills.”
“One of the best guides to how to be self-loving is to give ourselves the love we are often dreaming about receiving from others. There was a time when I felt lousy about my over-forty body, saw myself as too fat, too this, or too that. Yet I fantasized about finding a lover who would give me the gift of being loved as I am. It is silly, isn't it, that I would dream of someone else offering to me the acceptance and affirmation I was withholding from myself. This was a moment when the maxim "You can never love anybody if you are unable to love yourself" made clear sense. And I add, "Do not expect to receive the love from someone else you do not give yourself.”
“Outliers are not necessarily uncommon; they are simply not always visible.”
“take criticism, smash it into dust, add color & use it to paint breathtaking images of unicorns frolicking thru endless fields of greatness”
“When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“We need more social entrepreneurs who can work on the social challenges which are overlooked by the responsible people of our country”
“All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women.”
“The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”
“Good women are the backbone of countries, counties, and communities. You can easily count on them.”
“Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself.”
“The stab that I'd take with this situation the moment I felt ready I spoke to my mother lately when I'm old be fore I marrid by that I didnt what i expected from her instead she didnt notice the pain that i'd eexperianced through. To heal myself I forgave her,accepted my situation learn to live positive in it.In the side of forgive the group of men that raped me continueosly I decided to live my home town to start new life another town where I meet with my soul partner God provided with handsome suitable guy as I had issued with men it took God's misterious ways to connect us he's my friend and prayer partner God blessed us with two sons and one doughter, he continue on helping us on raising our kids again i deed decision of raing our kids for myself by being house wife thanks God and my husband to be succed i 'm not perfect but i tried with God help and my closest friends,family it heppening.As i developed anger, sensitive and other unneeded personality throught my issue activities like body training,blogging,podcusting,reading bible and other booksk,being author,listing music special gospel help me to be in right position.The thing i can ask or say to other to other people is "Women Please love and protect your kids let stop this take quick action to help them if you see suspetious thing be close to them in a way that you manage to see if there's something not right heppen to them cause sometimes they will not tell you like on my case in any reason usualy strangers or rapist make them not say anything or your communication with them is not strong enough or any reason they make them shut To the community let protect each other be your sisters or brothers keeper on your neighborhood or in house report the susptious act cause tomorrow will heppen in your house.Men you are the master protector not rapist stand your ground as God do trusted you with kids and women protect them stop taking advantage who ever does that.To those who like me the victim of rape I'm your girl to use alcohol,drugs and sex edict throw shame and unclean feeling is not solution it only running away act ask yourself that how long you'll runing away with cancer that eating you alive,face by allowing God to be your sim card, rica him and let him operate in you by rebuid you make you a new creation spiritual by acepting Jesus Christ as lord and your savior, healer and believe that God raised him from death in your special prayer with your mouth loud as confesion as I deed you'll be safe 100% in his arms like I am your story will change completly as mine finely no one knows you better dont allow situation explain you you beautiful handsome valueble God love you more than every one and he cares about you I love you'll take care of yourself youre the hero &herous.”
“All the pain that came with loving was absolutely worth it. What was the point of living if you spent it in fear?”
“Call on God in any circumstance.”
“Life is a set of thousands of dots of miracles; Connect them to create a beautiful picture”
“Time of difficulty test our faith, our fortitude and our strenght. During these times, the level of our imaan becomes manifest”
“Dive into the ocean of adventure, and you'll discover treasures within yourself that you never knew existed.”
“A Manifesto for Introverts 1. There's a word for 'people who are in their heads too much': thinkers. 2. Solitude is a catalyst for innovation. 3. The next generation of quiet kids can and must be raised to know their own strengths. 4. Sometimes it helps to be a pretend extrovert. There will always be time to be quiet later. 5. But in the long run, staying true to your temperament is key to finding work you love and work that matters. 6. One genuine new relationship is worth a fistful of business cards. 7. It's OK to cross the street to avoid making small talk. 8. 'Quiet leadership' is not an oxymoron. 9. Love is essential; gregariousness is optional. 10. 'In a gentle way, you can shake the world.' -Mahatma Gandhi”
“The moment today is a memory tomorrow.”
“(W)hat I write when I force myself is generally just as good as what I write when I'm feeling inspired. It's mainly a matter of forcing yourself to write.”
“The library smells like old books — a thousand leather doorways into other worlds. I hear silence, like the mind of God. I feel a presence in the empty chair beside me. The librarian watches me suspiciously. But the library is a sacred place, and I sit with the patron saint of readers. Pulsing goddess light moves through me for one moment like a glimpse of eternity instantly forgotten. She is gone. I smell mold, I hear the clock ticking, I see an empty chair. Ask me now and I'll say this is just a place where you can't play music or eat. She's gone. The library sucks.”
“Take a deep dive into nature. You will see everything around you colourful.”
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.”
“Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.”
“Your uniqueness must be awakened from your inside. If the force from the inside breaks an egg, there is life. But if the force from the outside breaks an egg, a potential life gets destroyed. Outside powers can inspire and encourage us, but they can also crush and destroy us. Listen attentively to your unique inner voice because that voice will guide you to your ultimate destination—your unique mission.”
“It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.”
“No any glue can join broken heart..”
“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”
“To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.”
“You can only conquer with courage.”
“Whenever we reach an unexpected barrier in the way of honoring our souls' truth through action, it is essential to dust ourselves off and keep flying toward our dreams.”
“An inspirational woman carries a fountain of inspiration. Whatever she says inspires others. Womanhood should be celebrated. Being a woman must not be seen as a weakness.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“Sometimes change was good. Sometimes it was even exactly what you needed.”
“Write this down: My life is full of unlimited possibilities.”
“Devour your fears or they will devour you. Fear is a lie, stop believing lies.”
“Be thankful for the efforts of people who worked hard to get you where you are; you should not take it for granted and treat them with indifference.”
“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”
“Write from the soul, not from some notion about what you think the marketplace wants.The market is fickle; the soul is eternal'.”
“The warmth that comes from a kind and compassionate heart is true beauty”
“Whether we like to admit it or not, our personhood is a culmination of our life experiences and exposures.”
“Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”
“Plan for your problems to be gone; plan and anticipate a better tomorrow.”
“You need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select your clothes every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only thing you should be trying to control.”
“The one you know is the one you are willing to know.”
“Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.”
“Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.”
“By changing ourselves, we change our lives.”
“Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“File under "Hard Truths": the creative muse is fiction. If you sit around waiting for the right moment to create, you will die waiting.”
“Don't turn over the rocks if you don't want to see the pale creatures who live under them.”
“I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ”
“Just as life has no quick fix; transformation lacks a flick-switch approach as well. Investing in a better version of yourself will take time but pay you rich dividends as well.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it  you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.”
“I see no priestly garments on you. There is no ephod on your belt. You presume to speak for Yahweh? You speak his name aloud so lightly?”
“Sometimes what others say about us matters the most.”
“The closing of a happiness door serves as a reminder that, no matter what our circumstances, we have the power within us to create our own happiness.”
“You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.”
“It is far better to fail while trying new things than to succeed doing nothing.”
“If a picture paints a thousand words, then a let a picture inspire a thousand words.”
“Sedimenting your efforts to make someone else's dream a reality in your life is analogous to building a sandcastle because you never know how quickly it will all cease to exist.”
“I only preserve traditions that bring joy, not traditions that keep people from it.”
“No matter how high your status in life is, you are inferior to death. For this be humble.”
“Who were we to tell Roz to stick with teaching - that she was already living her best life? But it was dismal to imagine the Brownswood kids going to school and not being taught by Mrs. Gill anymore. Mrs. Gill, who sent Em home every week with essays covered in glowing comments, which in turn made Em glow. Mrs. Gill, who'd bullied and enlightened me, restored my confidence and made me feel that anything was possible. Teachers like her and Sarah Boleyn were precious, should be feted and put in magazines like Hollywood stars. Maybe then they wouldn't want to do other things.”
“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”
“I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.”
“To introduced myself to you in this nightmare story.I'm a victim of rape on my childhood stage l'd experienced rape in my life the victim were my sibblings and community members as I told you that on my growth. My mum was upsent it were only my dad, sister and brother in my house my dad were living with heart condition desease than my mom choose to hunting work live us with dad on my toddler stage hape you imagine the situation.By telling you this I don'nt expected your pitty or. being sorry for me but I'm going somewhere I want to speak with someone who condem,look him or herself down lost confident with same and other stuation.There's hope if l managed to survive on my situations you can to.God favoured me my introduced himself to me on my teenage stage ashored me that he love me and transformed my life mostly healed me day by day couse this situations is deep it a proccess to be heal in it l use to say it like living in fire where you need to live with God himself in it.Why I say this? allow me to say it some sort of journey of chosen people.The reason is other people take it easy as we have different categories of help and high science source to cure this the truth is it can't why?Rape destroy the whole life of person as human divided into 3 part which is body,soul spirit as I experience it not once several times till I reach the stage where I can rescure myself by confronting the victims,shortly it spoiled my whole 3 part you see I needed my creater to rebuid me and that not heppening overnight I personally say rape victims needed. Lifesaviour and Lifeguide who is God himself to rescue and guide you in life journey course this thing is a beast that never die if you never experience it you'll never understand it thanks for your trying don't need to.what I need is your support,how? pray for me,not feeling sorry,give hope,listen me,never judge ,stop gossip rather ask the ask,allow me to take my own decisions, give me time,be partient of me,avoid to remind me my past,believe in me,be careful on showing me my weekest sport rather put me on the spot where I can see for myself, give me chance of proving myself. This is what I can do;Forgive,move on,not forget,love other people not trust them 100% ,(truely fall in love conditional),Over protective while others says I'm selfish,depend on God's hand 100%, sensetive person, enjoy my space,help others, prayful person,other people says I'm moody person when I separate myself to meet with God in his present,can think wise things and do big things,focus on something that can keep my mind busy to escape on thinking about past,fight to change, enjoy to spend time with fruitfull freinds, rocking on doing my own business, on my own space,Not easy to accept people in my space till I know him or her better,enjoy nature things,love to be me,layalt pertionate & kind person.”
“A goal without a plan is just a wish.”
“The only way to fail is to stop trying. Continue to move forward and expand as you see how your perseverance yields amazing results.”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart ”
“The question is not how to get cured, but how to live.”
“Life is like driving on the road. You will sometimes encounter speed limits, speed bumps, speed cops, slippery roads and sharp curves. The road will not always be flat, regardless of the vehicle you drive. What is important is to arrive at the right destination despite the variations as you advance.”
“When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.”
“Ezio Auditore Da Firenze: Nothing is true, everything is permitted. Sofia Sartor: That is rather cynical. Ezio Auditore Da Firenze: It would be if it were doctrine. But it is merely an observation on the nature of reality. To say that nothing is true is to realise that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must be the shepherds of our own civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions and that we must live with their consequences, whether glorious or tragic.”
“Meditation is great motivation.”
“Our key to greatness lies not in our ability to project ourselves to others as if we are putting ourselves onto a projector and creating an image of ourselves on a projector screen. Rather, our key to greatness lies in who we are which we can give to other people in a way that when they walk away from us, they are able to say in their hearts that they have taken away something with them quite extraordinary.”
“When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.”
“Life is best lived one day at a time when enriched with reflection and human connection on a deeper level.”
“Your Journey to the top gets easier. You only start feeling better as you pursue”
“What is she to you anyway?" "Here's my answer captain. She's the thing that made this all okay-the threadbare coats and the old boots and the guns that jams when you most need them to fire, the loneliness of knowing that you don't matter, that you will never matter, the fact that you're just another body, another uniform to be sent into the fold or the frost, another good boy who knows his place, who does his job, who doesn't ask questions, who will lie down and die and be forgotten. What is she? She's everything, you dumb son of a bitch.”
“Self-awareness— understanding our own motivations, our strengths and challenges—is the key to getting ready to mentor.”
“Redirect your focus and gravitate to the anticipated result you want in life. Stretch!”
“Silence serves the passionated self ~”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“Now!’ Marvin interjected. ‘You must all be wondering why I invited you here. Well, you know why you’re here, Arthur; and I assume you’ve explained a little about the club to our members—’ ‘We’re looking at alternative truths, right?’ Bedivere asked. ‘The darker side to Britain, and all that.’ ‘Yes, yes, Bedivere, we shall cover that. We shall look at Europe, why we left and why ultimately the EU was disbanded; we shall look at the tragic situation in the United States, and we shall look at the abandonment of the Commonwealth states and the blight of Indonesia. But as well as that we shall also be looking closer to home, at our own histories, and I use the plural intentionally; at the rising rebels in the old Celtic countries, at the redefinition of New National Britain’s borders, and at our absolute ruler himself, George Milton, who thus far has used all his electoral power to claw hold of democratic immunity, whose Party has long since been a change-hand, change-face game of musical chairs with the same policies and people from one party to the next. This brings me to my former point of why I invited you here: because I believe that you three are the smartest, the most open, the most questioning, and that you will benefit most from hearing things from an alternative viewpoint—not always my own, and not always comfortable—that the three of you may one day take what you have learned here and remember it when the world darkens, and this country truly forgets that which it once was.’ There was a deep silence. Even Arthur, who was used to Marvin’s tangential speeches, was momentarily confounded, and in the quiet that followed he observed Bedivere to see what he thought of this side to their teacher. His eyes then slipped to Morgan, and he was surprised to find that she was transfixed. ‘But I must stress to all of you, it is my job at risk in doing this, my life at stake. So when you speak of this, speak only amongst yourselves, and tell no one what it is we discuss here. Understood?’ There was a series of dumbstruck nods of consent. Bedivere cleared his throat with a small cough. ‘And here I thought this was just going to be an extra-curricular history club,’ he joked.”
“Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.”
“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”
“The sheer amount of knowledge in our world is overwhelming!”
“Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.”
“In moments of sorrow or when the heart breaks, allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“Time was a film run backward. Suns fled and ten million moons fled after them.”
“We're going to make mistakes and do things we regret. But it doesnt mean we're horrible people.”
“Spirit world in dire need of your happiness.”
“It's always never worth the money; until you possess it.”
“Do not be afraid to unravel the layers of your being and delve into the depths of your potential. Embrace your myth, for it contains the power to change how you live.”
“Love is eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence.”
“In this walk to freedom, we must, without question obtain hearts of honesty and a tongue of truthfulness.”
“The stationary condition is the beginning of the end”
“A writer is never alone, he is always with himself”
“You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!”
“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it. If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less. You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here. Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”
“Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.”
“Leadership is service, not a throne to seize Empowering and uplifting those you lead with ease Each day, ask yourself how you can lend a hand Supporting others, not yourself, is what makes a true command The Queen’s example, a shining light Acknowledging and elevating others, always in her sight Breaking through barriers, supporting good causes Making everyone feel valued, she’s a true leader who never paused Let us all follow in her regal path Celebrating each other’s achievements, no aftermath Age and gender, never to be a limitation We can all make a positive impact on this nation Remember, true leadership is not about fame It’s measured by the success and well-being of your game So lead with service, and watch your people thrive For a true leader empowers, and helps their people to survive.”
“Nothing bothered me, not even the things that bothered me.”
“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring . I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”
“Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.”
“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”
“You can only be yourself.”
“Why must it be so hard For us to come to understand, That there are things we cannot change Hidden amongst the things we can? For we can rearrange our hearts, Dust out the corners of our minds, We can teach our eyes to see Only the things we wish to find. Yet once we decorate our walls And sweep our sorrows off the floor, Why do we look to someone else, To show us how we can be more? For here is where the line Between our can and can't gets tough, Just the point at which we all must learn That we are already enough, That since we cannot choose the home, Our only soul was born into, We should rearrange its rooms But learn to love its window's view.”
“Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time) Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time) Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time) One time. When I met ya girl my heart when knock (knock knock) Now them butterflies in my stomach won't stop (stop stop) Even love is a struggle and it's all we got. So we gun keep keep climbing to the mountain top. 'Cause your world, is my world, and my breath is your breath, and my heart is yours ”
“Blooming late in life gives you the gift of being able to sustain your blessings, success, and foundation.”
“The blunderer who expects to receive a searing lash of someone's rage , but instead receives a breeze of their tranquilly is swamped immediately with unfathomable shame and misery.”
“The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.”
“The trouble with fiction," said John Rivers, "is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.”
“Shut up and write.”
“Endings are overrated.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.”
“You cannot restore and heal in the same environment that made you ill.”
“Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground”
“Our soul is a lot like the African elephant’s memory. Our soul intuitively remembers where it has buried the richest part of our life’s story even in the future chapters that haven’t been written yet by the light of our awareness. The soul knows. It remembers. It never forgets. The process of remembering becomes a lesson for us in the power of surrendering our limited perspective that only see what’s in front of us, and what we think may be waiting for us in some future moment. However, our soul sees deep into the distance of some future horizon of a time period that is waiting on the gift of time to mature to its fullness, to blossom on its own – outside of our own expectations and envisioned dreams because it is all part of our life’s predetermined story; a script carved in infinite time. That process of remembering becomes a lesson in the divine gift of believing, believing that the next moment is there waiting on us because our soul has already visited this path before, yet the lesson in it for us is that any future moment remains always just out of our reach, as we entrust our soul’s strength of memory to guide us on blind faith and firm footing to where our story needs to go to encourage our highest learning potential. We will thus forever be known by the tracks that we refollow when we follow the memory of our soul’s original path left on the dust of time. A lesson inspired by the mighty African elephant in what it means to surrender to life ”
“You become a slave if you fear to fight that's why the strong crave to conquer. If you want to be strong conquer yourself because if you can do that you can conquer the world. If you fear to address your thoughts then you will never address the thoughts of others, and if you can't do that then you'll never be able to make your mark known.”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.”
“When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.”
“If we keep attributing our successes to luck and our failures to ourselves, how are we going to be able to chase our dreams?”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“True beauty radiates not from outer cosmetics, but from the simple joy of making a difference for those that need your voice, passion, and time without expecting or wanting anything in return ”
“Everything you want is on the other side of fear.”
“I'm restless. Things are calling me away. My hair is being pulled by the stars again.”
“Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Your child is a mirror of your behaviour and the culture of your home”
“It's always too early to quit”
“Always try to avoid looking backward and forward if you want to be upward.”
“Too many people spend too much time trying to perfect something before they actually do it. Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you go, and fix it along the way…”
“People who are ambitious and goal-oriented are the people who are found alone in the world”
“Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your own reckoning.”
“I'd rather die while I'm living than live while I'm dead. ”
“Tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.”
“life never gain by your weight, it gain by your struggle”
“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.”
“We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.”
“The gift of life must not only be received, it must also be highly prized because it is precious.”
“She's a woman, you're a dude. You're not supposed to understand her. That's not what she's after . She doesn't want you to understand her . She knows that's impossible. She just wants you to understand yourself . Everything else is negotiable.”
“Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.”
“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
“Life is truly an amazing experience.”
“Is there any god like our great glorious GOD.”
“Noah demonstrated his faith and trust by obeying God and constructing an ocean-going haven from the rains.”
“Getting your hands in the soil can be relaxing. Because of the fresh air and new ideas, you’ll feel more energised.”
“Nearly all human cultures plant gardens, and the garden itself has ancient religious connections. For a long time, I've been interested in pre-Christian European beliefs, and the pagan devotions to sacred groves of trees and sacred springs. My German translator gave me a fascinating book on the archaeology of Old Europe, and in it I discovered ancient artifacts that showed that the Old European cultures once revered snakes, just as we Pueblo Indian people still do. So I decided to take all these elements - orchids, gladiolus, ancient gardens, Victorian gardens, Native American gardens, Old European figures of Snake-bird Goddesses - and write a novel about two young sisters at the turn of the century.”
“Your own positive future begins in this moment. All you have is right now. Every goal is possible from here.”
“The best form of saying is being”
“If someone wants your harm and happens to hurt you, don't let yourself be shaken and smile: being happy is the best revenge.”
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Life has its ups and downs. When it feels hard and you find yourself in a corner, it may be even harder to make decisions. It is, therefore, important to seek divine help in making the right decisions because God can easily open the right doors when you follow the right steps.”
“A lifetime spent merely enduring your body squanders your power and forfeits your capacity for contentment. ”
“No mourners, no funerals.”
“Were you born to obey?”
“Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.”
“Inspiration fires you up; motivation keeps you burning.”
“In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.”
“Every story has a story. And always more important than a story itself, is the reason behind why it was told.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Tell all the Truth but tell it slant-- Success in Circuit lies Too bright for our infirm Delight The Truth's superb surprise As Lightning to the Children eased With explanation kind The Truth must dazzle gradually Or every man be blind--”
“Professional development is important, but let's not forget about the most important kind of development - personal brand development. Because in the modern workplace, it's not what you know, it's who knows you.”
“It's one thing to have a spinal cord, another to have a backbone.”
“Welcome in Curve fashion world allow me to walk in to your wardrobe .”
“When life's got you down, keep your head up  you can't see the ground anyway”
“My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.”
“It's the days you have every right to breakdown and fall apart, yet choose to show up anyway that matter most. Don't diminish the small steps that others can't see.”
“If you’re reading these words, perhaps it’s because something has kicked open the door for you, and you’re ready to embrace change. It isn’t enough to appreciate change from afar, or only in the abstract, or as something that can happen to other people but not to you. We need to create change for ourselves, in a workable way, as part of our everyday lives.”
“We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.”
“Everything has its price," Reverend Willows said. "The sunset costs us the moment in which we pause to look at it. We pay for a great love or a great dream in self-discipline, in self-sacrifice, in the giving of our love and our time and sometimes the sacrificing of our happiness." He grew silent. After a moment she realized that he was praying, his head bowed, his eyes closed. She was embarrassed, thinking that she was an intrusion upon his privacy, but when a moment later he opened his eyes, he smiled with surprising shyness and said, "A very impressive cathedral, isn't it?" He left her there. She looked and saw that the sky had turned pink and coral and gray, and as the light of dawn was born in the sky, a new light was born within her, too. There was a new day before them and with it new hope, new possibilities. A thousand men before her, a thousand million people, had looked up at the reddening sky or had seen the fragile green budding of the trees in spring, had heard the sudden song of a bird winging skywar, and had felt hope rekindled in their breasts. The dark night was over, the long winter ended, God was still in his heaven. How plain, how often repeated those homilies, yet what succor they gave. A bird cried somewhere in the rocks above her, and now in the distant valley she could see the glow of campfires and the smoke rising from the brown bosom of the land. At last she turned and went down the path to the wagons. And she, child of the earth, felt a thrill of response within her. She was thousands of miles from France. Between here and there lay an entire continent and a vast ocean, and yet in her heart she suddenly felt that she had come home.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“The concept of 'home' is not just where one resides, but where the heart resides; in the purest depths of the soul.♥”
“Stop dreaming and start doing!!!”
“Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’.”
“See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it”
“I’m not scared of failing. I simply do not know how to fly.”
“Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.”
“The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.”
“A wise man cannot be hurt twice by a single stone”
“Serendipity is not the product of patience; it’s the product of action.”
“When all hope is lost and no one is around to hold your hands, remember that God is there to walk you through the storms of life.”
“The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.”
“If I can be everything to everybody then I don’t have to be anything to me.”
“You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.”
“take words and make them useful,' she told me. 'drain them of all the crappy meanings they used to mean and make them mean something useful instead.”
“Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before.”
“I / We have a choice - either to become a selfish man like a Demon or to become a good Man. And I / We must choose to become a Good Man.”
“Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.”
“No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.”
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”
“Don't ever ask for permission to follow your dreams. Follow them no matter fucking what. It's important. We have one life here and you are the author of your story, more than anybody else. You are much more responsible for your dreams coming true or not than anyone else in your life you have contacted with. So, dream big, work hard, and make it happen no matter what.”
“You may encounter many difficulties, do not get discouraged.”
“Work with all your heart, because - I promise 0 if you show up for your work day after day after day, you just might get lucky enough some random morning to burst right into bloom.”
“what is the use of a book,' thought Alice, 'without pictures or conversations?”
“Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.”
“Life is a game. If you know the rules, you will always win.”
“Imagine that as soon as you stop, or give up, they begin to prepare your coffin, hammer, and nails, and measure the size. As soon as you run, they stop for a break and they leave the coffin alone. If you stop, or accidentally stumble, the coffin is ready for you, my friend”
“Allow love to rule your life. Welcome more love into your relationships, your dealings with others and your sense of identity, which will shower you in unexplainable peace and serenity.”
“Whatever your calling, it's already rooted within you, and those roots can be trampled or tugged at but never removed. They grow stronger only when tended, nurtured, and most important, shared with others.”
“Each sunrise offers a new canvas, blank and brimming with potential.”
“Meditation is essentially training our attention so that we can be more aware— not only of our own inner workings but also of what’s happening around us in the here & now.”
“Don’t let anyone tell you how long it will take for you to heal—but be aware that time is passing, whether you’re healing or not.”
“Never let doubt guide your life's compass, as shadows fade once hope is found.”
“Every day brings fresh blessings for the faith driven. And no one ever regrets starting a day buzzing with deep gratitude and total receptivity to the limitless goodness that every day brings.”
“If people are troubled by their view, they ought to offer these New Orleanians, and black and poor people in the places like the Lower Ninth Ward around the country, a reason to believe otherwise.”
“The media only writes about the sinners and the scandals, he said, but that's normal, because 'a tree that falls makes more noise than a forest that grows.”
“That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.”
“Of all the animals that fly, some are like floating flowers (butterflies), some are songbirds that are full of gulp (swallows), and some are swimming birds that also run marathons (ducks). When I compose music to be performed live in an elevator, those are my inspirations.”
“When I was born, the doctor slit my throat to see if I could talk.”
“Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape. ”
“Devotion is very necessary to achieve something big, without complete dedication towards one thing no one has ever achieved anything big in their life.”
“find a way or make your own”
“Sometimes all we need to do is simply remind ourselves of how good we have it right now and joy would naturally flow within us  Ingratitude is the result of forgetfulness.”
“Many things are going to seem few if you desire many things.”
“Painful memories serve as a catalyst for growth.”
“Willpower is the resource which allows us to operate under circumstances where there is low desire to act, or the incentive tied to an action is not immediately apparent.”
“Each day is meant to edify you and equip you with the necessary tools for you to reach your destiny.”
“An act of kindness is a ripple that can create a wave of hope, touching the lives of countless others.”
“The truly terrible thing is that everybody has their reasons.”
“We must master ourselves unless we'd prefer to be mastered by someone or something else.”
“All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.”
“So I, a migratory bird, am suffering from the need to return to the place I have come from before the season and sun are right for my return. Do I meet spring summer or winter? Here I live in a perpetual other season unable to read in the sky, the sun, the temperature, the signs for returning.”
“I'm drawn again and again to obsessives. I like them. I like the idea that someone could push away all the concerns and details that make up everyday life and just zero in on one thing - the thing that fits the contours of his or her imagination. Obsessives lead us astray sometimes. Can't see the bigger picture. Serve not just the world's but also their own narrow interests. But I don't think we get progress or innovation or joy or beauty without obsessives.”
“Dissatisfaction can be a source of inspiration if you learn to control it.”
“Believe in your abilities to overcome any challenges that may arise.”
“Imagine that you are dying. If you had a terminal disease would you ­finish this book? Why not? The thing that annoys this 10-weeks-to-live self is the thing that is wrong with the book. So change it. Stop arguing with yourself. Change it. See? Easy. And no one had to die.”
“You can’t save anyone who wouldn’t save themselves without you. It’s the hardest lesson to learn in life, take it from me.”
“It's the 21st century. I am not submissive. I can own property. You cannot call me exotic.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“Either go left or right. You can't move in two directions at the same time.”
“The world keeps changing, creating new possibilities. Therefore I can keep changing and become even more than I thought possible.”
“The Lord our God has blessed us, therefore we shall serve him with joyful hearts.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be…”
“iconic women travel the world charming others with their beauty their distinct personality leaves a mark on everyone who is around because a warm and genuine smile has a special kind of style”
“Do not shy away from snacking in-between the meals. If it's healthy snacks, the body will thank you.”
“Anything is Possible!”
“Those who wish to read always find a book, there’ll new chapters, new pages and new journey to embark on.”
“There are things that are so easy that their very ease render them difficult for people to comprehend, and they assume that since it can't be so easy, must be infinitely difficult. -Emit Eht”
“The iron lady took you on a wild ride Filled with courage, ambition, and passion Her inner compass served as her guide So being classy became a timeless fashion “The Iron Lady” is dedicated to the 50,000 Bosniak women that were raped during the Bosnian Genocide. A special thank you to Bosnian activists Nusreta Sivac and Bakira Hasečić for inspiring me to be a fierce feminist.”
“The nourishment of body is food, while the nourishment of the soul is feeding others.”
“Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.”
“Many things are confusing for you now, but that is one reason why I was sent to you. Many things will change, including you. But don't despair because of what you do not know. You are not alone, and you are not forgotten. Answers will come in time.”
“A growth mindset or a fixed mindset is a function of a person's motivation. A person's motivation shapes what and how he thinks, which in turn tells on his mindset.”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“Starting over can be the scariest thing in the entire world, whether it’s leaving a lover, a school, a team, a friend or anything else that feels like a core part of our identity but when your gut is telling you that something here isn’t right or feels unsafe, I really want you to listen and trust in that voice.”
“Inspiration comes from imagination!”
“I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.”
“Coming together gives energy, and being angry takes it away.”
“Some people are determined to misunderstand you. Let them. Because once God reveals the Truth, it’s going to be SO Sweet for You.. and most likely very sour for them..”
“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success.  ”
“Destructive habits are not flaws; they’re coping mechanisms that serve a purpose. They’re survival tactics we deploy to shield us from stress, sadness, fear, grief, and frustration.”
“Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!”
“I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.”
“We can be friends. We can be anything we want to be.”
“  just because [butterflies'] lives were short didn't mean they were tragic  See, they have a beautiful life.”
“Be more than what people think you are, Be great!”
“Getting carried away is stupid, it won't get me anywhere. -Nana Komatsu”
“Healthy life is an asset that will give you few extra hours to achieve your goals”
“No one can, or will, care more about your life than you do. So, it’s time to start acting like it.”
“I am reminded that the children we birth do not belong to us. They belong to God. We are simply the vessel through which they arrive on this earth. We are appointed to care for and guide them; however, we must recognize when the time comes for them to govern their own lives.”
“A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.”
“Without fear there cannot be courage.”
“Forgetting takes space./Forgotten matters displace/as much anything else as/anything else. We must/skirt unlabeled crates/as thought it made sense/and take them when we go/to other states.”
“Leave your excuses and live your dreams!”
“Scars are just another kind of memory.”
“Seize the day by the throat!”
“All possibilities remain within grasp when you dance upon the stage of life.”
“Writers are creatures of habit, as are humans, but writers aren’t necessarily human, are they?”
“Maybe we shouldn't begin to stop believing in God when He starts to let go of our hand; because at that moment He begins to let go of your hand, that's the moment He's begun to believe in YOU! He says, "I believe in you, I know you can." And that's not the time to stop believing in someone, when He is believing in you. A good father knows when to let go and start believing that you can. We may not understand it at first, but after we look at ourselves and say "Wow, I'm awesome, I did that all by myself." Then we say "Thanks, dad. If you never let go of me, I would have never learned how to fly.”
“West Papua is an ancient and original particle, an atom of light and hope. It is a story about survival, resistance, betrayal, destruction, genocide, and survival against the odds. It is the last frontier where humanity’s greatness and wickedness are tested, where tragedy, aspiration, and hope are revealed. Papua is an innocent sacrificial lamb, a peace broker among the planet’s monsters, but no one knows her story – hidden deep beneath the earth – supporting sacred treaties between savages and warlords. West Papua is the home of the last original magic, the magic of nature. West Papua is the home of our original ancestors, the archaic Autochthons, the spiritual ancestors of our dream-time spiritual warriors- the pioneers of nature – the first voyageur across dangerous seas and land – the first agriculturalist – the most authentic, the original – we are the past and we are the future. West Papua is the original dream that has yet to be realised – a dream in the process of restoration to its original glory.”
“You see me walking away, I see myself walking towards greatness.”
“Don’t believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding.”
“A woman who thinks big does not let small things distract her. She focuses on her mission, because she is a woman of vision.”
“Whenever you feel afraid, just remember. Courage is the root of change - and change is what we're chemically designed to do. So when you wake up tomorrow, make this pledge. No more holding yourself back. No more subscribing to others' opinions of what you can and cannot achieve. And no more allowing anyone to pigeonhole you into useless categories of sex, race, economic status, and religion. Do not allow your talents to lie dormant, ladies. Design your own future. When you go home today, ask yourself what YOU will change. And then get started.”
“Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.”
“We all have a story to tell. Stories of how we survived this or that. Some are more dramatic than others but what a great story to tell. This is how I survived that!”
“There's a difference between being alive and living.”
“If you want your prayers answered, get up off your knees and do something about them.”
“The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.”
“Know which change you want to see in your life, plan how to make that change, and take action to make things happen.”
“There are so many people whose minds do not belong to them. There are so many people whose thoughts have been purchased by people. There are so many people who have made people kings and queens of their thought. There are so many people who cannot sleep because of people. There are so many people whose lives are a small percentage of their own self and a greater percentage of others. When the offenses of people occupy your mind, your mind becomes the offenses of people instead of your own mind. To have your own mind and to be your own self, free your mind!”
“Take a hobby. Explore your creative nature.”
“Life is never meant to follow a singular path.”
“Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.”
“If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.”
“If you fail to plan, you are planning to fail!”
“Choose joyful abundance in your heart and be unbounded, free, and relaxed. Be relentless with your choice and you’ll make your mark.”
“Stories never really end even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.”
“A man should seek mercy only from his Maker.”
“There are blue diamonds born to the world and given to those who only want glass crystals. There are blue roses born to the world yet given to those who only want daisies. Blue diamond, don't cry because they want glass crystals. Blue rose, don't bleed because they see only the daisies. You were formed in the bedroom of the gods, you were conceived in the garden of the eternal!”
“As Freud said, if you don’t pay you don’t get better.”
“When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.”
“Compassion is the key to the ultimate survival of our species.”
“A man who does not know his weaknesses will never understand his strength.”
“When your last sweat I mean sweating through activities?Health practitioner says it will make you live long without any deseases and forever young,I agree with them and seeing other people like that a lot what I like is it send a message in unneeded fat that there's no place for it in your body, isn't cool?”
“How we perceive supreme reflects how we perceive ourselves.”
“What I think the political correctness debate is really about is the power to be able to define. The definers want the power to name. And the defined are now taking that power away from them.”
“But just remember: a woman's like a rose; if you treat her right, she'll bloom, if you don't, she'll wilt.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Never allow your current limitations to influence your future potential.”
“We grow stronger when we break and transform from inside out. Build a solid ground when a strong wind of change comes.”
“Prolong not the past Invite not the future Do not alter your innate wakefulness Fear not appearances There in nothing more than this”
“Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.”
“When you treat your failures as lessons, you can never fail.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Fame you'll be famous, as famous as can be, with everyone watching you win on TV, Except when they don't because sometimes they won't..”
“Life will treat you the same way you treat others; you do yourself a favour by treating others as your sisters, fathers, mothers and brothers.”
“Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can; that's what makes it so damn beautiful.”
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”
“In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with bitterest agony, because it takes them unawares. The older have learned to ever expect it. I am anxious to afford some alleviation of your present distress. Perfect relief is not possible, except with time. You can not now realize that you will ever feel better. Is not this so? And yet it is a mistake. You are sure to be happy again. To know this, which is certainly true, will make you some less miserable now. I have had experience enough to know what I say; and you need only to believe it, to feel better at once.”
“Life is about peeking through the veil of forgetfulness. What is hidden awakens the joy of revealing it.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“Wishes are possibilities. Dare to make a wish.”
“Change your words. Change your world.”
“At times, we know when people are cheating us, but sadly we've become desensitised to our instincts.”
“Emulate good behavior that when you encounter people from your past, you won't have to hide yourself away.”
“There is a legend about a bird which sings just once in its life, more sweetly than any other creature on the face of the earth. From the moment it leaves the nest it searches for a thorn tree, and does not rest until it has found one. Then, singing among the savage branches, it impales itself upon the longest, sharpest spine. And, dying, it rises above its own agony to outcarol the lark and the nightingale. One superlative song, existence the price. But the whole world stills to listen, and God in His heaven smiles. For the best is only bought at the cost of great pain… Or so says the legend.”
“Try you never know what you can do.”
“Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.”
“Never underestimate the impact of customer service. Every business has customers that needs to be served.”
“People throw stones at you and you convert them into milestones.”
“I agree with yours of the 22d that a professorship of Theology should have no place in our institution . but we cannot always do what is absolutely best. those with whom we act, entertaining different views, have the power and the right of carrying them into practice. truth advances, & error recedes step by step only; and to do to our fellow-men the most good in our power, we must lead where we can, follow where we cannot, and still go with them, watching always the favorable moment for helping them to another step. [ Comment on establishing Jefferson's University of Virginia, a secular college, in a letter to Thomas Cooper 7 October 1814 ]”
“In the end you can't always choose what to keep. You can only choose how you let it go.”
“Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.”
“Fail until you Fail to Fail and Utilize a suggestion for what Undermines an Interest To Just Quit”
“Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Strong as you are, you can be brought to your knees by a man who knows how to lie. Guard your heart all the time. Check what you listen to and train your ears to spot a lie from afar.”
“Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.”
“We played the main role in the doing of some things we didn’t do, by saying they couldn’t or wouldn’t be done.”
“Within you lies a reservoir of untapped potential. You can create, shape, transform, and transcend to greater heights. The question is, are you willing to invest time and effort in realizing your potential”?”
“Fool! The Ideal is in thyself, the impediment too is in thyself: thy Condition is but the stuff thou art to shape that same Ideal out of: what matters whether such stuff be of this sort or that, so the Form thou give it be heroic, be poetic? O thou that pinest in the imprisonment of the Actual, and criest bitterly to the gods for a kingdom wherein to rule and create, know this of a truth: the thing thou seekest is already with thee, ‘here or nowhere,’ couldst thou only see!”
“Smile at strangers and you just might change a life.”
“It’s not just the big moments that count, it’s all of the small actions that feed our heart and soul on a daily basis. Cherish those moments and reflect on how to replicate them often.”
“Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.”
“Jesus said several times, “Come, follow me.” His was a program of “do what I do,” rather than “do what I say.” His innate brilliance would have permitted him to put on a dazzling display, but that would have left his followers far behind. He walked and worked with those he was to serve. His was not a long-distance leadership. He was not afraid of close friendships; he was not afraid that proximity to him would disappoint his followers. The leaven of true leadership cannot lift others unless we are with and serve those to be led.”
“Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.”
“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”
“Don't worry.' What is the point in worrying when there's nothing you can do?”
“Once you decide to do something with a burning desire for success you have already achieved your success.”
“When we least expect it, a new door opens on its own, to take us where we belong.”
“Your understanding of life will deepen as you spend more time in nature.”
“If you have joy in your heart, even the most mundane moments will become extraordinary.”
“We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.”
“Passion drives people who are truly connected to their reason for living. - Confessions of an Accidental Lawyer”
“A mentally strong woman is a game changer, she brings comfort, confidence and a go-getter.”
“As a working rule, no matter what language you are learning, you can assume that the language will have some way of expressing the meaning that you want to communicate. The trick, of course, is to find out how.”
“Your moments of great risk are not yours alone. The decisions you make in those moments are of great import to a great many people—people of great import to you.”
“I turned from my window. Suddenly it seemed odd for my neighbors on both sides to have visitors while I had none. For the first time, I felt lonely at 'Sconset. "Let's cook," Frannie said energetically. "We will smell so good that they'll all come running." She picked up a bowl, filled it with apples from the barrel, and immediately began to cut them up. I put water to boil, got out cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, lard, flour, sugar, salt, saleratus, vinegar, and all the other things for apple pies. We both laughed happily. How easy it is, we thought, to make a decision, to implement a remedy, to act.”
“Nature makes no distinction between creating and destroying life.”
“It is better moving up to your goal and falling than not falling doing nothing”
“Maturation of self is not a destination; it is a gradual journey propelled by commitment and consistency.”
“Emerge; don’t cower. Endure; don’t run. Nurture; don’t abandon”
“Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“One thing I've learnt through writing is this: with everything in life, you have to look down deep into your heart! That fact is true with all things! If you have Jesus inside, He will give you all you need to say, and all the actions you need to do! It's not mere imagination the things I write; they are composed from the words lit up inside of me, from my Creator, who made all things bright!”
“Never outgrow your imagination.”
“Though money cannot acquire you happiness, it does not mean that both money and happiness cannot exist together.”
“Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.”
“Whatever it is you are really desiring, give it away. If it's companionship, give it to someone else, and just listen to them and be there. If it's money, give it to someone who is less fortunate. If it's encouragement, give it to others. If it's friendship, become the best friend you can be to others. If it's time, serve others with your time. You will be amazed to see how much more of everything you have when you are willing to freely give.”
“A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”
“The darker the night, the more delightful the dawn. So, when the journey to your big goal gets tough and your heart is weary; a blissful breakthrough is on the way, as long as you keep pressing forward.”
“People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That’s how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be “correct” or “true”? Merely vague concepts… Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?”
“We have a right to decide how we want our bodies to look and feel, but unfortunately we do not exercise these rights. Instead, we tend to drift along, victims of our own ignorance of the fact that we can have what we want, if we are willing to take that first step toward developing the self-discipline to govern our thoughts.”
“To ‘let go’ sometimes makes us feel like losers because it means giving up what truly we felt we had a right to. But true strength lies in resisting the urge to hold onto things and people that bring us down.”
“If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.”
“There is really nothing more to say-except why. But since why is difficult to handle, one must take refuge in how.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“There will be many lessons learned along the way through missed opportunities and failure.”
“Choice forms the divider which is responsible for the formation of all futures that can be possible.”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“Live well, Laugh often, Love much.”
“The great lie of youth: that it will last.”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“I think that one of these days," he said, "you're going to have to find out where you want to go. And then you've got to start going there. But immediately. You can't afford to lose a minute. Not you.”
“My writing has no “use by” date; it was for yesterday, it is for today and it will be for tomorrow – for everyone.”
“In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.”
“Without peace of mind, how can you perform?”
“Let us seek connection with nature, like the butterfly does, by nurturing our relationships with the world around us and finding solace in its wonders.”
“I'm not talented at all. It's just that I spend more time thinking about art than others.”
“I don't believe the poor are lazy, it's just that sometimes people are tied down by fate and the unawareness to utilize the power of prayer.”
“I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.”
“No mountain is endless, some are steeper than the others.”
“It has been my personal experience that as I allow the painting to speak I become lost, it is delicious and at the same time frightening. The best ones, to me, have a life of their own.”
“Fresh air is invisible, yet it is vital to healthy human life. At the heart of what makes the life each of us lead significant is the capacity to find fulfilment in using our blessings to be a blessing to those around us.”
“Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.”
“The heart of an entrepreneur is the spirit to try.”
“You don't know, oh, oh You don't know you're beautiful.”
“Your feelings wouldn't get hurt if you were honest with yourself”
“ But to sing, to dream, to smile, to walk, to be alone, be free, with a voice that stirs and an eye that still can see! To cock your hat to one side, when you please at a yes, a no, to fight, or- make poetry! To work without a thought of fame or fortune, on that journey, that you dream of, to the moon! Never to write a line that's not your own ”
“Great victory requires great risk. -Hera”
“Change the world with your way of life, one day it will change the direction of the people.”
“Dance like you're stamping on a human face forever, love like you've been in a serious car crash that minced the front of your brain, stab like no one can arrest you, and live like there's no such thing as God.”
“Forget what you have done, Do what is right, Think what you plan.”
“Nature teaches us to be compassionate, kind, and non-discriminatory.”
“You will find strength, if you endure your struggle enough.”
“There's a very positive relationship between people's ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it.”
“Thus we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it.”
“The ball laughs, radiant, in the air. He brings her down, puts her to sleep, showers her with compliments, dances with her, and seeing such things never before seen his admirers pity their unborn grandchildren who will never see them.”
“A woman of faith does not care about naysayers. She understands that God has the final say.”
“Our dreams evolve with us; never feel as though you are abandoning your dream if it no longer harmonizes with who you are today.”
“Sight up - Might up - Light up!”
“I realized that the good stories were affecting the organs of my body in various ways, and the really good ones were stimulating more than one organ. An effective story grabs your gut, tightens your throat, makes your heart race and your lungs pump, brings tears to your eyes or an explosion of laughter to your lips.”
“Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.”
“A phenomenal woman is never limited by a phenomenon. She goes out there and stays the course until she prospers.”
“Don’t let the hard days win.”
“[Truth] will keep your soul from withering and dying while you encounter the inevitable tragedy of life. It will help you avoid the terrible desire to seek vengeance for that tragedy-part of the terrible sin of Being, which everything must bear gracefully, just so it can exist.”
“Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.”
“Recognise the type of laughter that you receive. Some people laugh when they're intensely irritated, and not necessarily because they find you amusing.”
“We are all too often told by someone that we are too old, too young, too different, too much the same, and those comments can be devastating.”
“What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.”
“If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.”
“Clarity of mind and confidence in face are the qualities of the most successful people in this world”
“Wealth can be created, but time cannot. The wealth you create is contingent on the time you put in. So, use all your time.”
“There is no end to greed. The top is an illusion. Wealth is a moving target. We need to realize that we are following infinity.”
“Surrender, Submit, Sing.”
“There will always be someone who can't see your worth. Don't let it be you.”
“Your daughter is ugly. She knows loss intimately, carries whole cities in her belly. As a child, relatives wouldn’t hold her. She was splintered wood and sea water. They said she reminded them of the war. On her fifteenth birthday you taught her how to tie her hair like rope and smoke it over burning frankincense. You made her gargle rosewater and while she coughed, said macaanto girls like you shouldn’t smell of lonely or empty. You are her mother. Why did you not warn her, hold her like a rotting boat and tell her that men will not love her if she is covered in continents, if her teeth are small colonies, if her stomach is an island if her thighs are borders? What man wants to lay down and watch the world burn in his bedroom? Your daughter’s face is a small riot, her hands are a civil war, a refugee camp behind each ear, a body littered with ugly things but God, doesn’t she wear the world well.”
“God knows all our needs. He provides one day at a time.”
“When facing undesirable circumstances, we do an excellent job of hyper-focusing on what irks us.”
“You have to be careful when having fun because what is fun to you may not be fun to someone else.”
“Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Society trains us to keep our eyes locked on the horizon, constantly in pursuit of the next social trend.”
“Your heart is where your inner light resides. It is part of every sacred journey to reconnect with your inner light, step into your divinity, spread the light of love before you, return to the essence of love, and inspire others to do the same.”
“Nobody can take your happiness away from you. Once you learn how to create it.”
“Leadership is all about making things to move forward, not backward.”
“Caring is what matters, not stuff or status, just people sharing kindness & joy in a web of the heart that spans the globe.”
“Get comfortable at being uncomfortable”
“The More we value things, the less we value ourselves”
“But while the urban tribe helps us survive, it does not help us thrive. The urban tribe may bring us soup when we are sick, but it is the people we hardly know - those who never make it into our tribe - who will swiftly and dramatically change our lives for the better.”
“Power to work is necessary for progress.”
“It's time that I stop referring to myself, thinking about myself, planning for myself, according to the gridlines and the timelines and the guidelines of people. I will expand in this universe, I will not stay on the lines nor within the lines written by this world.”
“These people will try to manipulate you, try to bring you down but remember baby girl you are a queen, own your crown.”
“Its better to choose another path rather than stop journey.”
“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
“Anything which is physically possible can always be made financially possible; money is a bugaboo of small minds.”
“Just as it is known That an image of one's face is seen Depending on a mirror But does not really exist as a face, So the conception of "I" exists Dependent on mind and body, But like the image of a face The "I" does not at all exist as its own reality.”
“The truth is that happiness doesn’t come from wealth, perfect looks, or even a perfect relationship. Happiness comes from within.”
“The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.”
“On her face, a smile never fades because she knows that by faith, things will always fall into place. That is a woman of faith.”
“Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.”
“The road to success is paved with determination, not with the footsteps of quitters.”
“How sweet is the assurance, how comforting is the peace that come from the knowledge that if we marry right and live right, our relationship will continue, notwithstanding the certainty of death and the passage of time. Men may write love songs and sing them. They may yearn and hope and dream. But all of this will be only a romantic longing unless there is an exercise of authority that transcends the powers of time and death.”
“Never settle with average.”
“If you hate me for telling the truth, then you will like me for telling a lie., but I'm too compassionate to see you suffer twice in ignorance and loving it. ~ Peter Ojo”
“We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.”
“What you have now, it will have to be enough”
“In the very act of writing I felt pleased with what I did. There was the pleasure of having words come to me, and the pleasure of ordering them, re-ordering them, weighing one against another. Pleasure also in the imagination of the story, the feeling that it could mean something. Mostly I was glad to find out that I could write at all. In writing you work toward a result you won't see for years, and can't be sure you'll ever see. It takes stamina and self-mastery and faith. It demands those things of you, then gives them back with a little extra, a surprise to keep you coming. It toughens you and clears your head. I could feel it happening. I was saving my life with every word I wrote, and I knew it.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Am I getting braver, or just getting accustomed to being terrified?”
“The best of humanity's recorded history is a creative balance between horrors endured and victories achieved, and so it was during the Harlem Renaissance.”
“Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.”
“Have the courage to indiscriminately accept the instances where you fall short of goals, and leverage the lessons learned to march forward with an even greater sense of tenacity.”
“It's easy to think that people will like you more if you do whatever they tell you to do, but it's quite the opposite. People don't appreciate pushovers - they use them.”
“If you live your life to satisfy or impress others, you would realize that if you can't keep the act till the end, they would stop loving you at some point, because human want is insatiable.”
“Don't let problems suck your passion”
“Sometimes it can feel like success comes in leaps and bounds, but the truth is that small shifts and tweaks are the things that will bring you closer to your desired future.”
“You will be continuous growing ,while you start blaming yourselves..”
“If your mind is sharp, your words will wound.”
“Drugs were never the answer, but boy, did they help soften the questions." - Christine Macdonald; FACE VALUE: From Working the Pole to Baring my Soul”
“I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.”
“Gratitude shields you from the calamity of greed. When you are grateful for all that is meaningful in your life, your heart is guided not to covet all that is attractive but superfluous that is not in your life.”
“There are no tyrants if there are no slaves.”
“Procrastination is the bad habit of putting of until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.”
“Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.”
“When you’re too tired and feel like giving up on life, sit down and ponder over the journey of water.”
“ Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.”
“Creativity helps us fulfil our purposes in this life.”
“You're the insane one. You don't even love the world you created. So how can you expect us to love and respect you? An endless repetition of natural destruction and stupid, meaningless wars. Because we don't understand it, we have no way to stop it. We may be stupid and not know what to do  But we fight to move forward towards that which we think is right. Not just sticking to the arbitrary boundaries you created. We make lots of mistakes, and get hurt  But we keep believing in miracles. Looking for a truth we can't yet see. We do it our own way. Because we believe our lives mean something.”
“Find your friends, because life is too short to spend with enemies.”
“Do not let the world tell you not to bloom Just because they aren't ready for you Just because few days after they bloomed They died on a barren land, in the rain You may face the same fate But deep down you would know It's better to die blooming Than choosing to never grow ”
“Atticus, he was real nice." "Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.”
“Patience ensures victory.”
“It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.”
“Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Ye are most strong, ye Sons of the icy North, of the far East, far marching from your rugged Eastern Wildernesses, hither-ward from the gray Dawn of Time! Ye are Sons of the Jotun-land; the land of Difficulties Conquered. Difficult? You must try this thing. Once try it with the understanding that it will and shall have to be done. Try it as ye try the paltrier thing, making of money! I will bet on you once more, against all Jo'tuns, Tailor-gods, Double-barrelled Law-wards, and Denizens of Chaos whatsoever!”
“Begin each day by saying a positive affirmation in the mirror.”
“For Equilibrium, a Blessing: Like the joy of the sea coming home to shore, May the relief of laughter rinse through your soul. As the wind loves to call things to dance, May your gravity by lightened by grace. Like the dignity of moonlight restoring the earth, May your thoughts incline with reverence and respect. As water takes whatever shape it is in, So free may you be about who you become. As silence smiles on the other side of what's said, May your sense of irony bring perspective. As time remains free of all that it frames, May your mind stay clear of all it names. May your prayer of listening deepen enough to hear in the depths the laughter of god.”
“The loss of personal intimacy has become an expanding gap- a virus called “quick fix”- one that convincingly says you can’t wait…. Viewing God through the eyes of an Amazon Prime account holder! Sadly some have taken this attitude in their spiritual lives…. Sometimes unknowingly.”
“Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken ”
“Life is so precious, we all are having a very limited time. To access the knowledge of Truth & the Creation.The sooner you get it, the lesser you'll struggle in between the conflicts of Consciousness and Heart ”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“When you don't get love, learn to love yourself more!”
“There’s nothing you can’t do if you want it bad enough.”
“Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.”
“Writers and artists know that ethereal moment, when just one, fleeting something--a chill, an echo, the click of a lamp, a question—-ignites the flame of an entire work that blazes suddenly into consciousness.”
“Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.”
“Your ultimate competition is you and within; compete against yourself and you will always win.”
“It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.”
“Don't let the fear of the unknown guide your heart and judgement; you are capable of many things and no one can stop you from greatness but yourself.”
“A thriving future demands that we prioritize sustainability and embrace eco-friendly practices in every aspect of our lives.”
“Dear Superwoman, Even if they count you out, count yourself blessed for being alive. There are countless things you can still achieve.”
“Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.”
“How can we become writers if we do not believe ourselves, first of all, that we can write and that the qualities of a writer can flourish in us?”
“I do not regret one moment of my life.”
“Normality seemed suspicious to him. He avoided smart routes, healthy decisions, and standard trajectories. Andrei fancied the forsaken, the dreadful, the dusty. He intentionally said yes to what other people said no to. "There must be something worthwhile," he always thought, "in the apparently worthless, seemingly dangerous, and painfully obvious.”
“It's often a matter of sitting in front of the computer and worrying. It's what writing comes down to--worrying that things aren't going to work out.”
“GIVING - Applied tithing is so rewarding. When you give away your time, talent, and treasures you create a huge shift in your prosperity consciousness. So start where you are as you reach for where it is you want to be.”
“Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.”
“Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking… Sign and date”
“Life is a privilege. Learn the power of gratitude and life will never be the same.”
“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
“If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.”
“Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change.”
“You are His work; you are His creation.”
“You have the right to create an identity that transcends labels, breaks ceilings, and encompasses an infinite amount of traits at once. Here you will meet the most enlightened parts of yourself.”
“I'm disappointed in some people more because of what I expected from them than because of what they did”
“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”
“In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.”
“Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.”
“Body shaming is one of the unhealthiest thing to do to anyone. You never know what others are going through to be in the position they are. Always mind how you express your thoughts to people, you may be causing them pain without realizing it.”
“We have to endure the discordance between imagination and fact. It is better to say, “I am suffering,” than to say, “This landscape is ugly.”
“The thunder comes before the flood. We all must bear the storm. I pray the good Creator’s protection upon you all.”
“These eyes  hypnotize!”
“The potential of the average person is like a huge ocean unsailed, a new continent unexplored, a world of possibilities waiting to be released and channeled toward some great good. ”
“If you want to see changes in our world, become an agent of change by taking the first step.”
“Before Leonardo da Vinci painted The Last Supper, he saw the masterpiece in his mind. Before Winston Churchill led Britain during World War II, he envisioned winning the battle. Before Tiger Woods won his first championship, he saw himself holding the coveted trophy. There are times when God gives you a dream so distinctly that it changes the direction of your life.”
“You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word. It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.”
“But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.”
“You are not defined by your past, your struggles, or your circumstances. You are defined by your strength, your kindness, and your ability to overcome. Keep pushing forward, and know that you are never alone.”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think”
“Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.”
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”
“The accomplishment of every extraordinary deed consists in having a dream and believing in it.”
“Dear Superwoman, When some doors close, it is not time to lose hope. It is time to look beyond the horizon and think of better doors on the other side.”
“If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.”
“The truth of it is that Hell is self-created, as is Heaven, and everything in between.”
“Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.”
“I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.”
“But what is life if you don't live it?”
“It takes drive and focus to move from potential to reality.”
“Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.”
“Your daddy is standing in a swimming pool out a little bit from the edge. You are, let’s say, three years old and standing on the edge of the pool. Daddy holds out his arms to you and says, “Jump, I’ll catch you. I promise.” Now, how do you make your daddy look good at that moment? Answer: trust him and jump. Have faith in him and jump. That makes him look strong and wise and loving. But if you won’t jump, if you shake your head and run away from the edge, you make your daddy look bad. It looks like you are saying, “he can’t catch me” or “he won’t catch me” or “it’s not a good idea to do what he tells me to do.” And all three of those make your dad look bad. But you don’t want to make God look bad. So you trust him. Then you make him look good–which he really is. And that is what we mean when we say, “Faith glorifies God” or “Faith gives God glory.” It makes him look as good as he really is. So trusting God is really important. And the harder it seems for him to fulfill his promise, the better he looks when you trust him. Suppose that you are at the deep end of a pool by the diving board. You are four years old and can’t swim, and your daddy is at the other end of the pool. Suddenly a big, mean dog crawls under the fence and shows his teeth and growls at you and starts coming toward you to bite you. You crawl up on the diving board and walk toward the end to get away from him. The dog puts his front paws up on the diving board. Just then, your daddy sees what’s happening and calls out, “Johnny, jump in the water. I’ll get you.” Now, you have never jumped from one meter high and you can’t swim and your daddy is not underneath you and this water is way over your head. How do you make your daddy look good in that moment? You jump. And almost as soon as you hit the water, you feel his hands under your arms and he treads water holding you safely while someone chases the dog away. Then he takes you to the side of the pool. We give glory to God when we trust him to do what he has promised to do–especially when all human possibilities are exhausted. Faith glorifies God. That is why God planned for faith to be the way we are justified.”
“People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.”
“Should our motivation to achieve be just for the sake of the achievement itself with no thought of who/what we become in the process? If we want to sincerely enjoy our lives, who we become along the way is far more important than what we achieve.”
“There is no harm in taking a step forward if you are not standing on the mountain's brink.”
“Every human being has divinity encased within its spirit and it is the task of its creator as well as itself to set it free. No human being is an end product, every being still breathing is a creation still under creation.”
“until the end of the world,all whys will be answered,but now,you can only ask!”
“You can take my life, but you'll never break me. So bring me your worst  And I will definitely give you mine.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”
“I'm not particularly in favor of doctrine or creed, ordination, the elevation of holy texts, the institution of church, or, for that matter, Christianity. Like most religions, it has irreconcilable shortcomings and an unforgivable history. What I do favor is the attempt to make sense of things by living within a story. The Christian story, for good or ill, is my inheritance.”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains ”
“You are appealing because you are distinct.”
“unless I am myself, I am nobody.”
“Womanhood should be celebrated. Being a woman must not be seen as a weakness. Womanhood should be celebrated. Being a woman must not be seen as a weakness.”
“I need to stop getting into situations where all my options are potentially bad.”
“I’ll hold you steady, keep a firm grip on you.” Jennifer states out loud, a large Bible opened in front of her. She turns the page and speaks again. “Don’t fret or worry. Instead of worrying, pray. Let God know your concerns.” I can’t listen to this! When did she start reading this book? Why is she smiling? What is this power these words have on her?”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“I've never met a person, I don't care what his condition, in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure. I believe in him, for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life any time he is ready and prepared to do it. Whenever he develops the desire he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.”
“I'm sorry I have trust issues and it's a wise policy!”
“The truth of the matter is the people in the Empire are suffering. I am their princess. If they suffer, I should be in anguish. If they are left out in the cold, I should freeze. If they must endure a wound, I should bleed.”
“Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. There's plenty of movement, but you never know if it's going to be forward, backwards, or sideways.”
“Discernment and learning are best friends. One should never desert the other.”
“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Dear Superwoman, Be that woman who stands out. Even if it means spending sleepless nights, do it. As long as it is the right thing to do. Do not settle for being where you were in the past. So, you can waltz towards a better future.”
“True giving and receiving have no strings attached: they are hearty acts of compassion and gratitude, not grudging acts of obligation and entitlement.”
“After all," Anne had said to Marilla once, "I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.”
“We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence. Thou shalt not is soon forgotten, but Once upon a time lasts forever.”
“Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.”
“There is no illusion greater than fear.”
“It's okay to step back, take a break, stay away from the maddening crowd. Figure out what you want in life. Never too late to start again. Regroup and return stronger. It's not a sign of weakness.”
“You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love.”
“Argue not concerning God,…re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul…”
“Love. Not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio. The real kind. The kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres. The kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish. The kind that can forgive. The kind that believes in healing. The kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed. The real kind of love. It's rare and we have it ”
“Feelings are real. They often become one’s reality. But they are not always based on truth.”
“Being ready is everything.”
“Know that true change is demonstrated only by your actions around everyone, not just certain people.”
“There is no revolution without the people. Revolution is not achieved by firing rounds in the darkness of the night”
“Critics are loud, but success is louder.”
“I was determined to move forward.”
“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
“IT'S OKAY TO NOT BE OKAY. It's also okay to ask for help when you need it.”
“Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.”
“Doing things familiar in anybody the solution is find something you you can do hand work if you old age, if is child buy for him or her hand work toy,Youth or teens get sport to play and handy work cause all crave start from the mind if there's nothing you do it mind desperation and end up doing things you're didn't think you were so it better to make a healthy back up while you on your way of fixing situations of finding something to keep your mind busy or start your own business will be an answer.”
“Unpaid efforts in the present accumulate inevitably, to yield hefty interests in the future.”
“I can't over-emphasize how important an exquisite perfume is, to be wrapped and cradled in an enchanting scent upon your skin is a magic all on its own! The notes in that precious liquid will remind you that you love yourself and will tell other people that they ought to love you because you know that you're worth it. The love affair created by a good perfume between you and other people, you and nature, you and yourself, you and your memories and anticipations and hopes and dreams; it is all too beautiful a thing!”
“Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.”
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle”
“Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.”
“Nature's secret is simplicity and patience.”
“I am an extremely sincere individual. I am sincere, to a fault. One of the many things that I have come to realize, to learn, is that sincerity must be reserved and given only to those who deserve it. And one must save one's emotions, channeling them only to the people who are worthy of it. One must not throw one's pearls to the pigs.”
“One who seeks a perfect friend will find none.”
“The greatest winners were once losers”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“The truest form of beauty lies within us, emanating from the depths of our souls and shining through our eyes. It is not something that can be purchased or attained through physical means, but rather it is a reflection of how we feel on the inside. When we are happy, content, and at peace with ourselves, that inner beauty radiates outwards, illuminating our entire being. It is a beacon of light, drawing others in and making them feel the same sense of warmth and joy. It is in these moments that we truly radiate beauty, and we become a shining example for others to follow.”
“Start small, I always reminded myself. It was in keeping with the respect for labour that my parents had instilled in me. My father had often said, "No labour is an insult, the lowest form is digniﬁed and worthy of respect. Start from the lowest rung." Think big I reminded myself. My father also used to say, "It is important to think without limitations. Confining ideas stunt potential.”
“When you become a child with a child, you forget everything; That is the real state of happiness”
“Intent is meant to dance when steps and melodies combine.”
“Life begins on the other side of despair.”
“It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.”
“You have the right to be sad, and the duty to move on. Only wins who wipes the tears, gathers strength, and moves on.”
“Mercy? A mate to men”
“What we value and our priorities in life make us who we are. We are unique not only because of our outward differences, but arguably more importantly, our inward differences. Our values steer our personal and professional lives and have a distinct imprint on the decisions we make.”
“I’ve always been a person who has believed in the love and in the power of love. It occurred to me that it is an essence which connects to the hearts of people, to the hearts of the beasts and to the One-Above-All.…… .…………. Sometimes, if people are dysfunctional together, they will have dysfunctional families and kids who are dysfunctional to the society, each in a unique disorderly way. Love, is the key to disorder and anarchy as it emanates from truth and then further emanates commitment, care, respect and sacrifice. It has the powers over emotions of a human and their mindset and it has been bringing changes to the lives of people. The problem of dysfunctional relationships is the connection is based upon truths which are not mutually established. To make a relationship functional is very much possible and is as essential to being human as the fact that we are very intelligent beings. A love based on truth will always shine brighter in any dark night. But who wants a love like that? And who dares to love as such? All that forever? Would you dare?.…………. ……. All that and many things more but not anymore. I now believe that only love cannot make anyone do everything. Neither everything is dearly loved nor it is reciprocated gracefully. Some loves fall away as the leaves of the autumn; some fires are washed by little waters; and some boats never make it to the shore. If love is truly your goal and the goal of your love is love itself then the pillars of love shall always remain true. Be good to the people you meet. And be good to those who hurt you as well. Someday, sometime, it will make sense to everyone.”
“If you feel far from God, guess who moved?”
“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”
“Fate is like a disability, either blame it all the time or accept it and work around it.”
“Writing does not make me rich, but I am enriched every day I write.”
“There is no time machine To see What happened In the past; If you can Invent it; But all they invent Is lies And fake evidence; There are no crimes Reasoning is easy when no one can know Justice Is A Joke (Time Machine) / Apocalypse Revolution”
“Seven years, Dawn. Working with the Slayer. Seeing my friends get more and more powerful  a witch. A demon. Hell, I could fit Oz in my shaving kit, but come a full moon, he had a wolfy mojo not to be messed with. Powerful, all of them. And I'm the guy who fixes the windows. They'll never know how tough it is, Dawnie, to be the one who isn't Chosen, to live so near the spotlight and never step in it. But I know. I see more than anybody realizes because nobody's watching me. I saw you last night, and I see you working here today. You're not special; you're extraordinary.”
“Write down your pain with a pen on a piece of blank paper then think of the words that need improvement, you find yourself most responsible for most of your pain.”
“The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.”
“Making decisions is the only antidote to decision avoidance.”
“Express yourself in the manner that is most comfortable to you.”
“You didn’t lose your power; you GAVE it away. It won’t come back on its own; you must TAKE it back!”
“Freedom will be within grasp when you take a chance and dance.”
“You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”
“If you know where you want to go in life, people tend to help or get out of the way. Both of those are useful.”
“Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.”
“Some people work so hard and there is still nothing to show for it, it's not because they are lazy. So no matter where you meet yourself in life always be thankful to God.”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority, it’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.”
“God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.”
“What do you care if people talk? Those who talk cannot harm you. Why should you be worried? You should only think about those things that please you. You have only one life in this world: soon you'll reach your eternal rest.”
“To achieve career mastery, you must first master yourself. Take the time to assess your strengths, weaknesses, and goals, and then chart a course for success.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Happiness is within you, and if you try to find it around you with external energy, you will keep on finding it till your last breath”
“Allow yourself to be carried towards new beginnings by letting go of things that no longer serve you, like leaves withering in the wind.”
“I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.”
“I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!”
“IN THE END… We only regret the chances we didn’t take, the relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make.”
“Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.”
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
“no man is free until he s a master of himself!!”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“What makes you different is your golden ticket.”
“i hope you always have the courage to love yourself no matter how many times the world breaks your heart”
“Step forward in faith, rather living in pray & hope.”
“Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real.”
“Never go a day without laughing”
“True success cannot be achieved until you have experienced failure”
“Find inspiration within yourself to overcome challenges.”
“Travel light, live light, spread the light, be the light.”
“Reach high, for stars lie hidden in you. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.”
“Love Always, Eat Well, Travel Often”
“Be sure to place your feet in the right place, then stand firm.”
“Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.”
“If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.”
“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”
“Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't "try" to do things. You simply "must" do things.”
“I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. No one created the universe and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization that there probably is no heaven and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful.”
“Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.”
“I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes. After that I liked jazz music. Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way. I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened.”
“If you have not done something to improve a human's life in some way, you have not truly lived.”
“This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass  get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“If you have a dream, make sure to write it down to see daily in front of you. More you see to it, more you visualize your future to achieve it”
“Sometimes when we're feeling stuck in a rut, we can get clear by physically decluttering our homes. Getting rid of objects that hold past hurtful memories to them and moving out the things that takes up too much space for no reason.”
“Yet, at the same time, as the Eastern sages also knew, man is a worm and food for worms. This is the paradox: he is out of nature and hopelessly in it; he is dual, up in the stars and yet housed in a heart-pumping, breath-gasping body that once belonged to a fish and still carries the gill-marks to prove it. His body is a material fleshy casing that is alien to him in many ways—the strangest and most repugnant way being that it aches and bleeds and will decay and die. Man is literally split in two: he has an awareness of his own splendid uniqueness in that he sticks out of nature with a towering majesty, and yet he goes back into the ground a few feet in order to blindly and dumbly rot and disappear forever . It is a terrifying dilemma to be in and to have to live with. The lower animals are, of course, spared this painful contradiction, as they lack a symbolic identity and the self-consciousness that goes with it. They merely act and move reflexively as they are driven by their instincts. If they pause at all, it is only a physical pause; inside they are anonymous, and even their faces have no name. They live in a world without time, pulsating, as it were, in a state of dumb being. This is what has made it so simple to shoot down whole herds of buffalo or elephants. The animals don't know that death is happening and continue grazing placidly while others drop alongside them. The knowledge of death is reflective and conceptual, and animals are spared it. They live and they disappear with the same thoughtlessness: a few minutes of fear, a few seconds of anguish, and it is over. But to live a whole lifetime with the fate of death haunting one's dreams and even the most sun-filled days—that's something else.”
“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
“I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.”
“I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.”
“I would rather fail than regret!”
“Her desire is to help others, because she truly cares. She makes things better, because she is a caring woman.”
“That's the trouble with loving a wild thing: You're always left watching the door.”
“You must understand: they fear you. There is nothing scarier in their minds than a girl who knows the power of her flames.”
“Just do something. You might make a mistake, then you can fix it. But if you do nothing, you can't fix anything. And your life might turn out full of regrets.”
“Sometimes small matters make some moments truly unforgettable. And it’s so easy to encounter someone for a few seconds yet become a hero or villain in their story for a lifetime, without you ever knowing it.”
“I won't know the right words .. No writer ever does. The words will be right eventually.”
“Give thanks for what you are today and go on fighting for what you gone be tomorrow”
“Just be good. Baby you are a queen. Give wisdom a chance to be seen.”
“You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.”
“A crisis which can be distractive, can turn out to be constructive.”
“I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity; but only find fault in those whom they see as better than themselves. There is a fake kind of goodness; and that is the goodness that is only good towards other people that make the givers feel better about themselves. Would you be good to someone you think is so much better than you are? Or who has so much more than you have? Or is your goodness only reserved for those who make you feel like a god because you give to them? Too often, there are shining, beautiful people, who suffer so much in this world, because there would be so many others willing to snuff out their flames! Goodness of a person is not measured by sympathy or compassion; rather, goodness is measured by empathy. Empathy goes beyond all the physical things you see with your two eyes. It’s easy to be good to those you pity; much harder to be good to those whom you envy!”
“Dear Superwoman, Low self-esteem often brings some women down, to the extent that they want to drag others down to their level. Do not be that kind of woman. Wear your crown of confidence and applaud other women who are doing well. Pull up those who are down. Lift them and then you will shine.”
“Love beats, light that shines, and breaths that arrive all pay tribute to dance.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Man are the afflictions of a righteous person but the LORD shall deliver him from them all.”
“Like the moon of night in the sky, there is still a hope that shines in the darkness of life, even in many shimmering confusions.”
“Acceptance of the temporality of emotion is an immensely powerful tool.”
“Reality is as necessary as reason.”
“Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly”
“You are exactly where you need to be. Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.”
“Utilise the internet to gain more knowledge. At times people are busy completing their own lessons, thus unable to teach you everything that you need to know.”
“Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes.”
“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely, you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Your awakening to live a different life can be right now, today, simply because you don’t like where you’re headed. That is enough. So, can your rock bottom be right here? Right now?”
“You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.”
“It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break; the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.”
“Put in the work, conquer your fears, and take on any challenge. The journey starts with one step and a belief in yourself.”
“If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won.”
“Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.”
“Life is short, but do not shorten it even further by taking shortcuts.”
“The price tag you put on yourself decides your worth. Underestimating yourself will cost you dearly.”
“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
“She preferred the quiet solitary atmosphere, to create in her own world of paint and colour, the thrill of anticipating how her works would turn out as she eyed the blank sheets of paper or canvas before starting her next masterpiece. How satisfying it was to mess around in paint gear, without having to worry about spills, starch or frills, that was the life!”
“The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution”
“Never get bitter, life is a medley of good and bad ingredients.”
“The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!”
“This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.”
“Music has always been a matter of Energy to me, a question of Fuel. Sentimental people call it Inspiration, but what they really mean is Fuel. I have always needed Fuel. I am a serious consumer. On some nights I still believe that a car with the gas needle on empty can run about fifty more miles if you have the right music very loud on the radio.”
“Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties  not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.”
“It's not the law of religion nor the principles of morality that define our highways and pathways to God; only by the Grace of God are we led and drawn, to God. It is His grace that conquers a multitude of flaws and in that grace, there is only favor. Favor is not achieved; favor is received.”
“I chose to do this not because it is easy, but because it is hard. Because this challenge is one I am willing to accept, unwilling to postpone, and one that I will face, and do so with success, so no one else has to.”
“Vulnerability is not knowing victory or defeat, it’s understanding the necessity of both; it’s engaging. It’s being all in.”
“Well done is better than well said.”
“The dream is for Africans to realise who they were originally meant to be.”
“Life is about tomorrow to make today better”
“Life Is ‘Simple’ By Nature  The deeper you try to study, the more you complicate it. Just believe in it’s simplicity & it shall show you it is far too Simple actually!”
“Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.”
“Words of Wisdom (wow): Be Still. Let Go.Flow.Breathe.Believe.Allow.Grow.Align.Be the Light.Be Awake.Be Aware.Anticipate.Participate.Embrace Change.Take that Chance.Love.You Are Loved.Rise to the Occasion.Fuel your Motivation & make the world become a better place ☯”
“If you set yourself to it, you can live the same life, rich or poor. You can keep on with your books and your ideas. You just got to say to yourself, "I'm a free man in here" - he tapped his forehead - "and you're all right.”
“Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”
“We must permit ourselves to heal and move forward.”
“If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present”
“Your affection has not one particle more or less value because it’s inexperienced. What has value is your decision, your choice to care about someone, not some imaginary hymen in your asshole.”
“Perspective is born in the rearview mirror of life.”
“The fact that I'm going to die one day makes me realise that nothing in life really matters more than our own happiness.”
“Glory resides in the hearts of those you inspire, not in fleeting moments of fame.”
“Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.”
“Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.”
“The tears of the world are a constant quantity. For each one who begins to weep somewhere else another stops. The same is true of the laugh.”
“You may not see bravery written on her face, but through her life you can notice bravery. She conquers big battles. A warrior in her own unique way. She is none other than a woman of virtue.”
“The 21st century and especially 2020 to 2030 is the most important year for India to become a world leader and India's entrepreneurs, investors, politicians and youth are the four pillars to achieve this title”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.”
“Anyone who expects you to justify a concern for your personal well-being, or shames you for making decisions that are in your best interest, is either deceiving and manipulating you, in an effort to preserve their own security, or they're operating on the basis of irrational ideals that they never bothered to consider, and are honestly unconscious of their hypocrisy; either way, the only person you owe anything to, is you.”
“And thou win.”
“If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough ”
“Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.”
“Don't ask for directions if you're not going to start the car.”
“Mad Hatter: Am I going mad? Alice: Yes, you're mad, bonkers, off the top of your head but I'll tell you a secret. All the best people are.”
“If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.”
“Follow Your Heart & The world Shall Follow YOU! Reject it and It stops beating!”
“Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.”
“I thought that my voyage had come to its end at the last limit of my power, that the path before me was closed, that provisions were exhausted, and the time come to take shelter in a silent obscurity, but I find that thy will knows no end in me, and when old words die out on the tongue, new melodies break forth from the heart, and where the old tracks are lost, new country is revealed with its wonders.”
“Go after what you want in life. Don’t just talk about it. Take a step, run.”
“As long as you can use your hands, the world is your oyster.”
“If you intend to change, decide what you want and live your life accordingly.”
“A quote equals a good book”
“Promises, words backed by no actions are lies.”
“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action  While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words ”
“The Habit Trip is about learning to hear and respond to our bodies and minds, so our lives can feel better and we can help make other people’s lives feel better. It’s subversive shit, I tell you.”
“The ordinary man gets motivation from power and fame. The superior finds motivation in meaning and work itself.”
“We all need help sometimes. And when someone is the right person at the right time for you, whatever little help they offer will enrich your life forever; and vice versa.”
“Those who are rejecting you will connect you in the hope of getting something from you one day”
“Shogo. I know I'm repeating myself, but I have to say it. If I were Keiko, this is what I'd say. Please Live. Talk, think, act. And sometimes listen to music  Look at paintings at times to be moved. Laugh a lot, and at times, cry. And if you find a wonderful girl, then you go for her and love her.”
“Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar. (Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) ”
“Disobedient leads to defeat.”
“It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination”
“One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved”
“When we feel unsafe with someone and still stay with him, we damage our ability to discern trustworthiness in those we will meet in the future.”
“Regardless of our own personal assertions, time continues to march on.”
“That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.”
“Palestine is the anvil of our souls.”
“Opportunities? They are all around us   There is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.”
“We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”
“I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”
“Don't be afraid, if people know you're scared they'll just scare you more to kick you out of the game”
“What you do in life is a powerful reflection of what you believe about yourself. You are beautiful, so use the brains in your head. They will guide you to ignore stupid and vain things that are said.”
“When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.”
“Don't be one of those people who hates their life but doesn't have the courage to change it.”
“If you want to achieve career mastery, then you need to be willing to put in the work. But don't worry, the view from the top is totally worth it.”
“-Have you ever thought about determinism? He continued and did not wait to hear the answer: In the past, humans believed that the eye sends a ray of light to bodies and sees them, then the Arab scholar Ibn Al-Haytham asked a logical question: If my eyes send a ray of light, why do I not see in the dark? Then he discovered that the eye is blind in its origin, a receiver and not a transmitter, it only sees when the light is reflected from the objects, so it picks up its reflection and does not send it. We understand determinism as we understand the sense of sight today, we receive it and do not send it, so we see that we are the subject and the deterministic object, we have no power before it, we have to receive it and submit to it, but what if our understanding of it is wrong?! As our understanding of the sense of sight was, while we think we receive determinism, we are in fact sending it. What if determinism had no existence, no reflection, and we were not designed to receive it but rather designed to make and transmit it. The general interpretation of determinism, on which all Muslims and non-Muslims agree, is that every event in the universe, including man’s perception and actions, is subject to a logical sequence of causes within a single continuum. Muslims say that God’s decree and predestination are pre-written and cannot be changed, but they struggle with the eternal question, if this was written for me in advance, then why would God punish me for something that I cannot change? Where is the justice in here! While unbelievers say it was nature, the laws of the universe, that created determinism, and they run into the zero-cause barrier, what is that cause that does not come from any cause? It resulted in the chain that created all causes. Muslims answer them, Cause Zero is neither a cause nor a causative, nor even a result, it is God, he was and will continue to exist, and the understanding of His nature is not within the limits of our mind, for it has no nature at all. The non-believers accuse them, that their inability to understand or know the nature of the Zero cause, made them create the idea of God in their minds, to relieve themselves of the trouble of searching. The entire dispute is based on the zero cause, assuming that determinism is a series written on us, we cannot change it, and we have no authority over it, but what if determinism is actually written on us, and we are the ones who wrote it in the first place, or perhaps we are writing it now.”
“The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.”
“When you begin to reason with the Lord, your attitude to the issues of life will change.”
“Maybe we all just exist, all versions of us exist at times, and we have to figure out a way to get to each of them, to find each one and tell that version that it's okay, that it's all justthe way it works, a concept too powerful to ignore but too complicated to explain.”
“But Alonso kept smiling that smile and nothing made any sense with that smile looking you in the face. 'Jim, don't tell me that, you know, brother-shit. I have been through it all. Take, you know, advice. There is only one thing and that is the kick, the Now. Nothing else counts. Get yours. Get it because, you know, no one cares and they will always put you down in the end, Jim, and the only word that counts is, you know, Now. Not that foolish brother and bopping jazz, Jim. Now. Because if it all don't go up in any, you know, twenty minutes; up, all gone; then they are going to put you down and keep you down. Now.”
“Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.”
“A good idea always attracts other good ideas.”
“I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.”
“It's been said that love finds you when you're ready.”
“Your hopes, dreams and aspirations are legitimate. They are trying to take you airborne, above the clouds, above the storms, if you only let them.”
“I'm starting with the man in the mirror, I'm asking him to change his ways; And no message could have been any clearer, If you wanna make the world a better place, Take a look at yourself, and then make a change!”
“The most adventurous journey to embark on; is the journey to yourself, the most exciting thing to discover; is who you really are, the most treasured pieces that you can find; are all the pieces of you, the most special portrait you can recognize; is the portrait of your soul.”
“I have already settled it for myself so flattery and criticism go down the same drain and I am quite free.”
“It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.”
“No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.”
“Life is surely not a movie, do not live it as though you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Discovering more joy does not, save us from the inevitability of hardship and heartbreak. In fact, we may cry more easily, but we will laugh more easily too. Perhaps we are just more alive. Yet as we discover more joy, we can face suffering in a way that ennobles rather than embitters. We have hardship without becoming hard. We have heartbreaks without being broken.”
“It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.”
“Tomorrow will be better.” “But what if it’s not?” I asked. “Then you say it again tomorrow. Because it might be. You never know, right? At some point, tomorrow will be better.”
“Remember this. Hold on to this. This is the only perfection there is, the perfection of helping others. This is the only thing we can do that has any lasting meaning. This is why we're here. To make each other feel safe.”
“Be more understanding of your person's specific love language. It may be frustrating at first, but you have to understand that love shows itself in different forms. Just because it doesn't look like yours, doesn't mean it isn't love and shouldn't be received as such.”
“The moment that you consciously decide to terminate the repetitiveness of diminishing all that you are, because of outside and inside noise, is the moment that you will officially take control of your own narrative.”
“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”
“Make friends with your beliefs.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Here they resisted to the last, with their swords if they had them, and if not, with their hands and teeth”
“When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful.”
“Stand in the room. But stand against those who easily connect with the lies.”
“Wallowing in victimhood only demeans and paralyzes you. Don’t do it. Redeem it instead. Transcend it instead.”
“What is mine will never leave. What leave was never mine.”
“Cherish Life Life is a living opportunity, For you and for me. A chance to make things better, For you and for me. When there is life there is a way, The way for you and for me, To find the right pathway. To make things the right way. Life is nature. It needs to be nurtured, By you and by me, For life is a living opportunity.”
“Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about.”
“Desire is the key to motivation. It is the key to develop a healthy personality and a positive attitude towards oneself and others.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“How would your life be different if you began each day by thanking someone who has helped you? Let today be the day You make it a point to show your gratitude to others. Send a letter or card, make a call, send a text or email, tell them in person do whatever you have to do to let them know you appreciate them.”
“Find your happy medium.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“Sometimes you get pushed out not because you're not worth it, you are worth more.”
“You can only be afraid of what you think you know.”
“I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.”
“Falling in love with humans is like walking into a pantry and realizing you're trapped in it without Whip Cream, and Cherries.”
“A #loveselfie isn't a picture or a status update. It's an attitude of embracing, accepting, and valuing yourself, exactly as you are in each moment. It's being one hundred percent present with yourself. Try it.”
“Anger is an essential part of being human. People are taught to deny themselves anger, and in this, they are actually opening themselves up to hate. The more you deny yourself the freedom to be angry, the more you will hate. Let yourself be angry, and hate will disintegrate, and when hate disintegrates, forgiveness prevails! The more you deny that you are angry, in attempts to be "holy" the more inhuman you will become, and the more inhuman you will become, the harder it will be to forgive.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Someone who knows his worth, keeps his word.”
“Stand behind the stories that are real, not just reel.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“No more mundane stagnant living! Do things that challenge you, that make you think, that raise your awareness, that inspire your heart, that make you laugh, that snap you out of the zombie mindset and WAKE UP every cell in your body. It’s doing those things that sculpt us into the greatest versions of ourselves. Our BEST life… the unbullshitafied life… is experienced when we live accordingly.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT Goodbye.”
“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
“Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.”
“Don't forget your history nor your destiny”
“Yes, dance IS a party, Parker thought. It was her outsides celebrating the way she felt on her insides.”
“It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun”
“Whatever lay on the other side was unknown but staying in the same place would get her nowhere”
“The truth may upset you in public, but when you see my eyes in your lonely hour, you'll thank me for it, so guess what I will always do? ~Peter Ojo”
“Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”
“A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”
“The people who would disrespect you without knowing you are not the kind of people whose respect means anything.”
“The greatest person that ever lived is not one that made so much furtune, but one that finished his life assignment before he/she dies.”
“A weak willpower makes every potential way forward look like a brick wall. But when you are hungry to tap all the talents you are born with, every opportunity looks like an open door to where you are meant to be.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“The reward of a thing well done is having done it.”
“Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.”
“My Dear, Find what you love and let it kill you. Let it drain you of your all. Let it cling onto your back and weigh you down into eventual nothingness. Let it kill you and let it devour your remains. For all things will kill you, both slowly and fastly, but it's much better to be killed by a lover. -Falsely yours”
“You must never feel as though you are incapable of growth and improvement.”
“The Universe doesn't like secrets. It conspires to reveal the truth, to lead you to it.”
“I want you to know one thing. You know how this is: if I look at the crystal moon, at the red branch of the slow autumn at my window, if I touch near the fire the impalpable ash or the wrinkled body of the log, everything carries me to you, as if everything that exists, aromas, light, metals, were little boats that sail toward those isles of yours that wait for me. Well, now, if little by little you stop loving me I shall stop loving you little by little. If suddenly you forget me do not look for me, for I shall already have forgotten you. If you think it long and mad, the wind of banners that passes through my life, and you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have roots, remember that on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my arms and my roots will set off to seek another land. But if each day, each hour, you feel that you are destined for me with implacable sweetness, if each day a flower climbs up to your lips to seek me, ah my love, ah my own, in me all that fire is repeated, in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten, my love feeds on your love, beloved, and as long as you live it will be in your arms without leaving mine.”
“In my journey through the ever-changing seasons of life, I have learnt that winter is inevitably followed by a gorgeous spring and every spell of rain gives way to brilliant sunshine. What’s more, I have learnt that winter snow and drenching showers can be beautiful too. We just need the right eyes to look at them.”
“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”
“Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life.”
“Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.”
“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
“Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with ”
“Always remember that your goals require dedication”
“It’s time to fall back in love with yourself and your life.”
“The simple and familiar hold the secrets of the complex and unknown.”
“There is only one power greater than fear, and that's faith. Use your faith to move the mountains that are standing in your way today!”
“What hurts us is what heals us”
“Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want ”
“Stories are like genies They can carry us into and though our sorrows. Sometimes they burn, sometimes they dance, sometimes they weep, sometimes they sing. Like genies, everyone has one. Like genies, sometimes we forget that we do. Our stories can set us free When we set them free.”
“It does not matter if we do not have an immediate answer. What matters is if we have the right question.”
“Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Justice is a fickle mistress, alluring but elusive, ever delivering less than she promises.”
“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“The greatest revenge is massive success.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Be like the sun for grace and mercy. Be like the night to cover others' faults. Be like running water for generosity. Be like death for rage and anger. Be like the Earth for modesty. Appear as you are. Be as you appear.”
“When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them.”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“Light cannot lose in a race against darkness, even if denied a head start.”
“The endurance of the Moon pays the best result. The obscure moon by the cloud never stops the glory of the moon.”
“She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”
“Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.”
“If there was a reason why he preferred the liberal tendency to the conservative one (also held to by many of his circle), it was not because he found the liberal tendency more sensible, but it more closely suited his manner of life.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will portray victory and triumph that will inspire others on their journey.”
“Hard times build determination and inner strength. Through them we can also come to appreciate the uselessness of anger. Instead of getting angry nurture a deep caring and respect for troublemakers because by creating such trying circumstances they provide us with invaluable opportunities to practice tolerance and patience.”
“I think of an Afghan driver I once had, a medical student who spoke whimsically of the homeland he loved so dearly but so badly wanted to leave. 'We Afghans are unlucky people,' the driver had whispered. "But we would be the luckiest people if the wars ever left—look outside at this magical place.”
“For, true inspiration always came from a source beyond our own reality.”
“Be as delicate as a flower at all times. A flower can still bloom when surrounded by thorns, but you can’t smile if you’re in pain.”
“Failure is not the end; it's a stepping stone towards success.”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.”
“Unless God has raised you up for this very thing, you will be worn out by the opposition of men and devils. But if God be for you, who can be against you? Are all of them together stronger than God? O be not weary of well doing!”
“Being true to yourself is the greatest force to uncover the soul.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Every time we learn a new thing, we open doors for opportunities. ”
“You can do anything if you put your mind into it”
“Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.”
“Believing in negative thoughts is the single greatest obstruction to success.”
“I have to make sure that the tools, plans, and strategies I am using are not defective. If they are, then I am in trouble. Making mistakes is one thing, but not learning from our mistakes is altogether a different matter. If I fail to learn from my mistakes, I am doomed to repeat them. Therefore, I always learn from my mistakes and consciously determine never to repeat them.”
“Successful life is a balance between happiness and sadness”
“True beauty lies in purity of the heart.”
“They say when one door closes, another opens or there's a window open somewhere. But what if I keep the door closed for sometime, freeze the moment for a while, and look inside the closets of my heart and take a gentle stroll outside without walking inside of any door, or peeping inside of a window? What if the door I have been looking for has always been the lock of my mind, the key being Silence resonating in my heart only audible when the pelting of doors and windows are hushed for a while?”
“Bring something incomprehensible into the world!”
“There is always a law of connection; we just have to be observant and tune into it.”
“It doesn't matter how hard you fall but how quickly you bounce back.”
“A strong, positive culture holds us accountable for taking responsibility and finding solutions.”
“Exhausted yet they kept pushing forward by the grace of God to reach the promise land.”
“Rich People don't need motivational quotes.”
“Amidst the silent void, celestial music whispers secrets of the universe, resonating in the hearts of stargazers, revealing cosmic mysteries that transcend time and space.”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“I learned long ago that when change comes, you gotta slow down and take note of it. In the midst of that change is all the possibility in the world.”
“Vision with action makes a powerful reality.”
“The moment one definitely commits oneself, then providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would have never otherwise have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in one's favor all manner of unforeseen incidents, meetings, and material assistance which no man could have dreamed would have come his way. Whatever you do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now.”
“In a world of shallowness and narcissism motivation is yet another commodity that can be gift-wrapped and sold to all those suckers who are just begging to be ripped off.”
“My focus is on progression, not perfection. My progression is already perfect -- unfolding as it should, when it should, according to divine alignment”
“You can grow like a tall tree, when you enjoy the sun, wind, rain, storms and the stars in the dark nights.”
“Do not presume that richness or poorness will bring you happiness.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“If you are not willing to be a fool, you can’t become a master.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Trying to be someone or aiming to be a professional pretzel is exhausting”
“Identify reasons to be great instead of excuses to be mediocre.”
“A man cannot learn anything until he admits his ignorance.”
“Hard work does not pay off. Your discipline does. Working hard ones is not enough. Work hard as a habit.”
“A bruise is a lesson  and each lesson makes us better.”
“Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.”
“Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!”
“All setbacks hurt, but not all setbacks need to haunt. And so often when we refuse to let setbacks stop us from pursuing a dream, the more unforgettable the heartaches along the way, the deeper the thrill of victory.”
“Last Night the Rain Spoke to Me" Last night the rain spoke to me slowly, saying, what joy to come falling out of the brisk cloud, to be happy again in a new way on the earth! That’s what it said as it dropped, smelling of iron, and vanished like a dream of the ocean into the branches and the grass below. Then it was over. The sky cleared. I was standing under a tree. The tree was a tree with happy leaves, and I was myself, and there were stars in the sky that were also themselves at the moment, at which moment my right hand was holding my left hand which was holding the tree which was filled with stars and the soft rain— imagine! imagine! the wild and wondrous journeys still to be ours.”
“Be disciple of depth in shallow world.”
“Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.”
“It's okay to look back in the past, just don't stare  Darla Gale”
“4. Religion. Your reason is now mature enough to examine this object. In the first place, divest yourself of all bias in favor of novelty & singularity of opinion  shake off all the fears & servile prejudices, under which weak minds are servilely crouched. Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear . You will naturally examine first, the religion of your own country. Read the Bible, then as you would read Livy or Tacitus . The facts which are within the ordinary course of nature, you will believe on the authority of the writer, as you do those of the same kind in Livy and Tacitus . The testimony of the writer weighs in their favor, in one scale, and their not being against the laws of nature, does not weigh against them. But those facts in the Bible which contradict the laws of nature, must be examined with more care, and under a variety of faces. Here you must recur to the pretensions of the writer to inspiration from God. Examine upon what evidence his pretensions are founded, and whether that evidence is so strong, as that its falsehood would be more improbable than a change in the laws of nature, in the case he relates. For example in the book of Joshua we are told the sun stood still several hours. Were we to read that fact in Livy or Tacitus we should class it with their showers of blood, speaking of statues, beasts, &c. But it is said that the writer of that book was inspired. Examine therefore candidly what evidence there is of his having been inspired. The pretension is entitled to your inquiry, because millions believe it. On the other hand you are astronomer enough to know how contrary it is to the law of nature that a body revolving on its axis as the earth does, should have stopped, should not by that sudden stoppage have prostrated animals, trees, buildings, and should after a certain time have resumed its revolution, & that without a second general prostration. Is this arrest of the earth's motion, or the evidence which affirms it, most within the law of probabilities? You will next read the New Testament. It is the history of a personage called Jesus. Keep in your eye the opposite pretensions: 1, of those who say he was begotten by God, born of a virgin, suspended & reversed the laws of nature at will, & ascended bodily into heaven; and 2, of those who say he was a man of illegitimate birth, of a benevolent heart, enthusiastic mind, who set out without pretensions to divinity, ended in believing them, and was punished capitally for sedition, by being gibbeted, according to the Roman law, which punished the first commission of that offence by whipping, & the second by exile, or death in fureâ .  Do not be frightened from this inquiry by any fear of its consequences. If it ends in a belief that there is no God, you will find incitements to virtue in the comfort and pleasantness you feel in its exercise, and the love of others which it will procure you  In fine, I repeat, you must lay aside all prejudice on both sides, and neither believe nor reject anything, because any other persons, or description of persons, have rejected or believed it  I forgot to observe, when speaking of the New Testament, that you should read all the histories of Christ, as well of those whom a council of ecclesiastics have decided for us, to be Pseudo-evangelists, as those they named Evangelists. Because these Pseudo-evangelists pretended to inspiration, as much as the others, and you are to judge their pretensions by your own reason, and not by the reason of those ecclesiastics. Most of these are lost  [ Letter to his nephew, Peter Carr, advising him in matters of religion, 1787 ]”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Turn stumbling blocks into stepping stones and use them to climb higher towards your dreams.”
“God gives Himself to us through the things that He gives to us. Never separate the giver from the gifts. The giver is in the gift and the gift is in the giver.”
“War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.”
“No can live for you or die for you.”
“Broken from inside. Cant be joined from outside.”
“Be You, Do You, and Don't Change For Nobody But You”
“Nuance is one of the most valuable tools in slowing the perceived passage of time.”
“Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard   " More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.”
“Life is much better when you choose to capture the best moments.”
“The Jedi is a practitioner of mind mastery. He realizes that whatever they are experiencing, they are creating and that they can change their lives in an instant by changing their thoughts, their focus and the way they are observing and engaging the energy of the world around them and the people who they’ve invited into their lives to play whatever roles they’ve chosen them to play.”
“Ask questions, practice gentle and kind communication, and you will see how many doors of opportunity will open for you, and then all you have to do is step in and explore.”
“People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.”
“A valuable woman can do many things, except those that do not add value to humanity.”
“I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.”
“Remember always, there is a God, the Divine Helper.”
“We only get a few moments In this life We must live and love them well”
“You do not have to struggle to reach God, but you do have to struggle to tear away the self-created veil that hides him from you”
“If everybody else your age is doing something very different than what you're doing, there's always going to be someone saying to you you might not succeed with it, you might not make any money with that  there's always going to be some type of obstacle in the way. All of those things will go away if you really focus on what makes you happy.”
“Rejection should be a means of improvement and not a way to feel dejected.”
“When hope disappears, depression sets in.”
“ALWAYS REMEMBER , LOSERS ARE THOSE WHO GIVE UP AND THOSE WHO DON'T GIVE UP, THEY'LL NEVER LOSE..”
“We can give our children only two things in life which are essential. Strong roots and powerful wings. Then they may fly anywhere and live independently. Of all the luxuries in life, the greatest luxury is getting freedom of the right kind.”
“A dynamic woman knows how to multitask and still complete her tasks on time. In whatever she does, she shines.”
“Keep on working until it works.”
“I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.”
“Everyone knows that wizards are pigheaded and come to bad ends.”
“You don’t have to lie to tell the truth. One lie of what is happening or what happened makes the whole thing unbelievable and questionable.”
“Anytime you're afraid to try something new just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.”
“If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn’t have a job if he was any smarter.”
“A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.”
“I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city. The noise and all its people. I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there. Two hours later we arrived in a small town, one of those towns with one single coffee shop and where everyone knows each other’s name. I walked for a while until I found the water, the most peaceful place I know. There I sat and stayed the whole day, with nothing and everything on my mind, cleaning my head. Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound.”
“There is no more compelling motivation to worthwhile endeavor than the knowledge that we are children of God, that God expects us to do something with our lives, and that He will give us help when help is sought.”
“Immense and intense is the reach of dance, moving souls with its majestic trance.”
“Hold on, hang in there but hope in the Lord your God.”
“Refuse to let yourself succumb to the irrelevant judgment of others, and do not let the fear of standing out from the crowd paralyze you into living a monotonous and average life.”
“So the next time you see a person with a compose face and a soft voice, remember that inside her mind she might be solving an equation, composing a sonnet, designing a hat. She might, that is, be deploying the powers of quiet.”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not be afraid to start all over again. It is better to start from scratch than to stay where you are constantly hurt.”
“If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice”
“Great entrepreneurs are the jack of all trades, master of some.”
“Thank people who help you because they make you happy. Thank people who don't help you because they make you strong.”
“Great acts are made up of small deeds.”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“Even after the stormiest weather, a true warrior will still reflect the brilliant rays of the magnificent sun through both his or her eyes. You may get hit by sudden lighting or take severe beatings from the cruel wind, but you will always get back up and stand strong on your feet again, soak in the sunlight, and be prepared to get hit by even the most merciless hail - time and time again.”
“I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet.”
“Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.”
“Look around you for a moment. You’ll be surprised at how much beauty you’ve been missing.”
“Life is too precious to be spent dwelling on the past. Live in the present and create a brighter future.”
“The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.”
“Everyones greatest fantasy is to walk away from the life (they think)you lead”
“People say, 'It's hard to forgive et al'. I think it's much harder to live peacefully. So, forgive and focus on living peacefully.”
“You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.”
“I’ve now come to not only accept my bicultural identity (which I’d spent my entire life running from, in order to ‘fit in’ better just in one category) but actually to be empowered by my duality.”
“It is not the privilege that harms us. It is our lack of awareness of our own privilege that harms us.”
“People may "other" me for the color of my skin and the shape of my eyes. This is their weakness. It is not mine.”
“Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!”
“It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.”
“Positive emotions are created with peaceful thoughts.”
“Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!”
“My words are not for the rich businessmen and women, bureaucrats, fashion models, and other affluent people living in our world. My words are for the strugglers, and the fighters, who need them to continue the fight against injustice, oppression, inequality and discrimination by an insensitive world.”
“Celebrate the present moment and never dwell on what happened in the past if you want to enjoy life.”
“You are not alone. Understand, friend, there are millions of us. Millions of people who struggle with (and overcome) all sorts of problems. You would be shocked to know how many people understand EXACTLY what you are going through. That doesn't mean what you are going through is somehow less. Meaningful, special, unique. On the contrary, it means that what you are going through is more. It is important. It deserves to be seen, spoken of and understood.”
“Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must — at that moment — become the center of the universe.”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“won't you celebrate with me what i have shaped into a kind of life? i had no model. born in babylon both nonwhite and woman what did i see to be except myself? i made it up here on this bridge between starshine and clay, my one hand holding tight my other hand; come celebrate with me that everyday something has tried to kill me and has failed.”
“Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!”
“Introspection is a form of self-management. You reflect. You decide. You change. You allow yourself to grow.”
“I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.”
“Society teaches us to fall in line and be grateful even in times of injustice. It'll feel almost alien when you start speaking up but standing up for yourself is always the right thing to do.”
“Curiosity is the engine of achievement.”
“New problems need new solutions. And new solutions bring new problems. -Emit Eht”
“There's a little bit of wrong in every right and a little bit of right in every wrong. -Emit Eht”
“God used my year of waiting not to frustrate me, or abandon me, but to draw me into a closer relationship with Him.”
“When God favours you, what was meant to break you will propel you towards a breakthrough.”
“My friends, don't idolize hardship. What you idolize is what your heart will look for and what your heart looks for is what you will have. And don't capitalize on misfortune, because you will always seek out to have capital! Throw away that pride! Don't put sorrow on a pedestal! If you ask me if I would rather have had my sorrows or not, I will tell you that no, I would rather have not had any of them! In the blink of an eye, I would rid myself of them! I have no pride. I don't rely on hardships and sorrows to mold me into someone. I don't allow myself to be dictated. When hardship and sorrow come knocking, saying "We are responsible for who you are today, let us in!" I'm going to say, in a split second, "No you're not! Go away, I don't owe you anything!”
“We may perceive circumstances at hand to be more that can be bared. Remain steadfast in the face of struggle.”
“Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.”
“Making the conscious decision to chase your dreams is not for the faint of heart.”
“Whoever wishes for the heavenly blessings must first learn to prevail persistently in prayer.”
“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”
“Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.”
“Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.”
“Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care. I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, I wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organized religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking, and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptized. If there was indeed a God at the end of my days, I hoped he didn't say, 'But you were never a Christian, so you're going the other way from heaven.' If so, I was going to reply, 'You know what? You're right. Fine.' I believed, too, in the doctors and the medicine and the surgeries--I believed in that. I believed in them. A person like Dr. Einhorn [his oncologist], that's someone to believe in, I thought, a person with the mind to develop an experimental treatment 20 years ago that now could save my life. I believed in the hard currency of his intelligence and his research. Beyond that, I had no idea where to draw the line between spiritual belief and science. But I knew this much: I believed in belief, for its own shining sake. To believe in the face of utter hopelessness, every article of evidence to the contrary, to ignore apparent catastrophe--what other choice was there? We do it every day, I realized. We are so much stronger than we imagine, and belief is one of the most valiant and long-lived human characteristics. To believe, when all along we humans know that nothing can cure the briefness of this life, that there is no remedy for our basic mortality, that is a form of bravery. To continue believing in yourself, believing in the doctors, believing in the treatment, believing in whatever I chose to believe in, that was the most important thing, I decided. It had to be. Without belief, we would be left with nothing but an overwhelming doom, every single day. And it will beat you. I didn't fully see, until the cancer, how we fight every day against the creeping negatives of the world, how we struggle daily against the slow lapping of cynicism. Dispiritedness and disappointment, these were the real perils of life, not some sudden illness or cataclysmic millennium doomsday. I knew now why people fear cancer: because it is a slow and inevitable death, it is the very definition of cynicism and loss of spirit. So, I believed.”
“Changing hearts and minds requires humbleness, empathy, and understanding. It requires that we maintain our optimism about other people and their ability to evolve and change. It means not giving up hope that they may one day have a change of heart. It means appealing and calling to that deep human longing for dignity and equality that echoes in each of us—that childlike innocence, openness, and inclination to embrace the unknown.”
“The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.”
“Inspiration has no deadlines.”
“Write while the heat is in you. The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with. He cannot inflame the minds of his audience.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“ABBA IS Love It IS impossible to truly love Without He Who Is Love”
“Just because some gets it easy doesn't mean they are better than you. It's just their time to reign, when your time comes it will also be like a miracle.”
“Our lives are entirely the result of our efforts.”
“Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth. [ Verse 223 ]”
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”
“If someone loves you, they should not be envious of you pouring your heart and soul and time and energy into the things that you are passionate about, but instead .they should love you MORE because you are so involved in those things.”
“It Pays 2 Discover”
“The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.”
“We were thought by generation before us an eye for an eye and to love those that love us, but what if I tell you that true love has no boundaries? it comes with peace and no sorrow, feel with regrets”
“Breathtaking, splendid, wondrous, sublime, all those words describe you, exactly as you are. You are a work of art! Enjoy your beauty!”
“life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.”
“Society pushes us into patterns that deny us the chance for spontaneity.”
“Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.”
“Life may not always be pleasant, but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Trust your inner voice.”
“The treacherous are ever distrustful.”
“Don't Chase Money Chase The Passion And Your Desired Destiny Will Chase You.”
“Fueled by my inspiration, I ran across the room to steal the cup of coffee the bookshelf had taken prisoner. Lapping the black watery brew like a hyena, I tossed the empty cup aside. I then returned to the chair to continue my divine act of creation. Hot blood swished in my head as my mighty pen stole across the page.”
“Smile at your best, you never know whose bad day turns bright with it.”
“The systematic looting of language can be recognized by the tendency of its users to forgo its nuanced, complex, mid-wifery properties for menace and subjugation. Oppressive language does more than represent violence; it is violence; does more than represent the limits of knowledge; it limits knowledge. Whether it is obscuring state language or the faux-language of mindless media; whether it is the proud but calcified language of the academy or the commodity driven language of science; whether it is the malign language of law-without-ethics, or language designed for the estrangement of minorities, hiding its racist plunder in its literary cheek - it must be rejected, altered and exposed. It is the language that drinks blood, laps vulnerabilities, tucks its fascist boots under crinolines of respectability and patriotism as it moves relentlessly toward the bottom line and the bottomed-out mind. Sexist language, racist language, theistic language - all are typical of the policing languages of mastery, and cannot, do not permit new knowledge or encourage the mutual exchange of ideas. - Toni Morrison, Nobel Lecture, 1993”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it. Go ahead!”
“Even the mountains bow, but not for self-absorbed snobs. Oceans part making way, only for those not afraid of storms.”
“There are two things essential if you want to enhance your Jedi self-confidence: 1/ belief that it is possible 2/ that self-help is the best help”
“Jesus knew that many of his listeners believed the old wineskin (or way of doing things) was good enough. They were comfortable with their beliefs and practices, but Jesus hadn't come to patch up old religious traditions. He was offering a new garment, a new wineskin, a way of life that didn't abolish the old ways, but fulfilled them. The teaching illuminated my own need to remain pliable before God. I realize that I must have a softer housing for my growing faith, one that can flex and change as God is at work inside of me. All too often I find myself clinging to that which is comfortable and familiar, rather than embracing the challenges that emerge with change and growth. Sometimes I shy away from people who have strong views that differ from mine, even though sharing a great conversation  could temper both our viewpoints and deepen our relationship. Why do I run away from strong opinions and potential conflict? Am I too comfortable and unwilling to change? Such a realization highlights the need for the Spirit in my life not just to discern and distinguish, but also to illuminate and invite me to move forward into the fullness of life with him." -Scouting the Divine”
“If you think you've seen it all, put on your sunglasses, because you're about to be surprised.”
“Everything ends, and Everything matters. Everything matters not in spite of the end of you and all that you love, but because of it. Everything is all you’ve got…and after Everything is nothing. So you were wise to welcome Everything, the good and the bad alike, and cling to it all. Gather it in. Seek the meaning in sorrow and don’t ever turn away, not once, from here until the end. Because it is all the same, it is all unfathomable, and it is all infinitely preferable to the one dreadful alternative.”
“The great deliver is the Divine Being.”
“I want to guide you on this creative journey to see how our creativity is Spiritually rooted in God. It is a God-given skill that we all can use to praise and glorify Him.”
“You do not have to sit outside in the dark. If, however, you want to look at the stars, you will find that darkness is necessary. But the stars neither require nor demand it.”
“In the history of a soul’s evolution there is a critical point of the human incarnation that decides for us whether we stay there, go down or progress upwards. There is a knot of worldly desires impeding us; cut the knot by mastering desires and go forward. This done, progress is assured.”
“Dreaming is easy, hammering out concrete details is hard.”
“Yes, trying new things may be scary, maybe even unrealistic. But do you really want to live your entire life without being able to look back at how many obstacles you have overcome? Sometimes, you need to briefly step out of the real world to give yourself the inspiration you can’t find anywhere else; set your own boundaries for what is real to you.”
“It is not the cards you are dealt in life that matters–it is how you play your hand.”
“Read books. Care about things. Get excited. Try not to be too down on youself. Enjoy the ever present game of knowing.”
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.”
“To be alive is a divine gift. And the more you gratefully unwrap your unique package and intentionally express the best of who you are, the less energy you have to waste on trying to impress or outdo others.”
“Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.”
“Do you really believe in destiny?" "How can I not believe in destiny, when there is no difference between my memories and my dreams at night? There's no difference between their reality. And if I dream something first, I remember it later when I am actually walking in the place or looking at the person I first dreamed of. Days later. Or years later. Destiny~ she walks with me.”
“Occasionally, what makes us uncertain, doubtful, and vulnerable becomes the fuel we need to be high achievers. The cure for a snakebite is made from the poison; in the same way, the fear that made you go backward can be the same force that can push you forward. Use fear as motivation!”
“God only allows us to see such things when he wants something to change”
“I'd you say bright make ups color boost you tell me in what? unrespect or being pushy to others ,it not designed for that gal.”
“Never be afraid to travel on a new path.”
“If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word.”
“Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”
“Living From Your Art is POSSIBLE!!!”
“In my experience, nothing worthwhile has ever really been all that easy. But it certainly has been worthwhile regardless how difficult it seemed. ”
“Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?”
“ Gate C22 At gate C22 in the Portland airport a man in a broad-band leather hat kissed a woman arriving from Orange County. They kissed and kissed and kissed. Long after the other passengers clicked the handles of their carry-ons and wheeled briskly toward short-term parking, the couple stood there, arms wrapped around each other like he’d just staggered off the boat at Ellis Island, like she’d been released at last from ICU, snapped out of a coma, survived bone cancer, made it down from Annapurna in only the clothes she was wearing. Neither of them was young. His beard was gray. She carried a few extra pounds you could imagine her saying she had to lose. But they kissed lavish kisses like the ocean in the early morning, the way it gathers and swells, sucking each rock under, swallowing it again and again. We were all watching– passengers waiting for the delayed flight to San Jose, the stewardesses, the pilots, the aproned woman icing Cinnabons, the man selling sunglasses. We couldn’t look away. We could taste the kisses crushed in our mouths. But the best part was his face. When he drew back and looked at her, his smile soft with wonder, almost as though he were a mother still open from giving birth, as your mother must have looked at you, no matter what happened after–if she beat you or left you or you’re lonely now–you once lay there, the vernix not yet wiped off, and someone gazed at you as if you were the first sunrise seen from the Earth. The whole wing of the airport hushed, all of us trying to slip into that woman’s middle-aged body, her plaid Bermuda shorts, sleeveless blouse, glasses, little gold hoop earrings, tilting our heads up. ”
“Z is for Zany! Master the Zany habit of thinking backwards. it will help you become a really great thinker!”
“The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.”
“Our life is what our thoughts make it.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“Darkness cannot survive in light, but a light can shine in the dark!”
“Keep exploring, you will discover new path.”
“The world we inhabit will forever be in a state of motion.”
“Intellect is easier to fake than character. A weak intellect may propel a person to the pinnacle of success, but the entry pass for remaining grounded and enjoying the amazing view is always an excellent character.”
“Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.”
“First forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you're inspired or not. Habit will help you finish and polish your stories. Inspiration won't. Habit is persistence in practice.”
“But when your sword breaks, you draw your dagger.”
“Society tells us that failure should be avoided at all costs, and mistakes are inexcusable. Society's definition of mistakes and failure is infinitely misguided.”
“When dreams become words to share with others - amazing things can happen.”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“Unless your faith is firm, then can you stand firm.”
“Force Field. The place where you are safe. You are loved. You are free!”
“But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.”
“Put yourself in tough situations. Accept challenges. Familiarize yourself with the unfamiliar. That's how you widen your perspective and your understanding.”
“Those who try… Try again… and Try one more time… Are bound to succeed.”
“You aren't expected to have hope when everything seems to be hopeless.You can't look at the bright side when you feel yourself to be at the bottom of the pit.The pain you feel is there to make you stronger no matter how much you hate it and you will realize it when things become alright.But this is not the time to feel alright.”
“Thank you teachers for your sacrificial duty of teaching.”
“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
“I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.”
“In shallow men the fish of little thoughts cause much commotion. In oceanic minds the whales of inspiration make hardly a ruffle.”
“The point of stories is not that they are objectively true, but that the soul of the story is truer than reality. Those who mock fiction do so because they fear the truth.”
“Just because I'm doing what I love, doesn't mean It's always going to be fun.”
“Too many people out there tell us what we can and cannot do but…they don’t know who we are, what’s put in us.”
“Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.”
“If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.”
“Praise God, the Creator, who gives food to all living creatures.”
“We do not observe reality, we observe our REACTIONS to it. In other words: Reality is, in essence, neutral. YOU give it meaning.”
“Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.”
“Tell me, if you can replicate any two days?”
“Think of yourself as a brand. You need to be remembered. What will they remember you for? What defines you? If you have it in you, do something that defines you. Invent something, develop a unique skill, get noticed for something — it creates a talking point.”
“Stop comparing yourself with others. If they are good at something, you too are good at something else. Self-confidence is not measured by your own capabilities versus that of others, but by your own needs.”
“When you are present in gratitude, you can't be anywhere else.”
“The sidelines may be safer but life is played on the field”
“The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns man's head because she turns his heart.”
“Spend your life chasing justice and only one thing is certain: You will have spent your life.”
“There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”
“A star is not honored for its size, but for its light.”
“To act is to commit, and to commit is to take risks.”
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about. It also comes from working with people we care about.”
“If a man crosses a river and an empty boat collides with his own skiff, Even though he be bad tempered man He will not become very angry. But if he sees a man in the boat, He will shout at him to steer clear. If the shout is not heard, he will shout again, and yet again, and begin cursing. And all because someone is in the boat. Yet if the boat were empty, He would not be shouting, and not angry. If you can empty your own boat Crossing the river of the world, No one will oppose you, No one will seek to harm you”
“Believe in Your Vision because Purpose and Mission are led by Vision.” ~Sherrie Rose”
“To lovers out there … I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it. You can pay respect, pay attention, pay it with your time . Some pay with money. Some pay with their careers, dreams and goals. Some pay by making sacrifices. Some pay with their bodies or life, and some pay with their emotions. Or you must work hard in doing chores, doing favors, buying gifts, working on your sex game , communication or listening skills, or working hard in pleasing your partner. Then you will have a good relationship or marriage.”
“One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.”
“Empower yourself with every experience.”
“It should be a privilege to be able to say "I love you" to someone. It shouldn't be something people say just because they feel like it. A privilege that is earned. They say you have to earn the right to be loved; no, love is unconditional, if you love someone, they don't have to earn it. But. The right to tell someone that you love them? That has to be earned. You have to earn the right to be believed.”
“A creative life cannot be sustained by approval any more than it can be destroyed by criticism.”
“Don't step backward toward nothing, step forward toward something, better awkward steps forward, than coward steps backward.”
“Knowledge does not come to us by details, but in flashes of light from heaven.”
“‎The day you become old is the day you're not looking for new experiences anymore.”
“If I must fall, may it be from a high place.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Some choices are better than others and we, as mortal humans, cannot be expected to always choose the best ones. What we can control is how we evaluate past decisions. Our readiness to reflect and realize that we were wrong. Our ability to admit our wrongs and move forward. To say we are sorry or make amends for mistakes. To apply what we’ve learned from past follies and choose wiser in the present. I contend that in a random and often chaotic world of choices, that is what we can control.”
“Salvation is as necessary as success.”
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.”
“There is no such thing as a great talent without great willpower.”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“I believe depression is legitimate. But I also believe that if you don’t exercise, eat nutritious food, get sunlight, get enough sleep, consume positive material, surround yourself with support, then you aren’t giving yourself a fighting chance.”
“No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
“Before wanting to feel at home with someone else, learn how to feel at home with yourself.”
“Fall a thousand times; get up a thousand and one.”
“Bodybuilding is also a great form of stress relief. Lifting weights and drifting off into your own world of intensity and letting out aggression or frustration on iron is much better than letting out frustration toward people, animals, or objects around the house. Let the gym be a sanctuary for you to be at peace. Let it calm you and ground you and allow you to appreciate everything around you. Let it also be a place for you to unload and explode with intensity through your training.”
“Self-love isn't pretension or arrogance for that matter. It's a therapy.”
“Whatever brings your soul an immense l amount of joy, relish in it. That is the type of energy you want to consistently encompass yourself with.”
“Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway, that's brave.”
“We build a beautiful relationship with love, trust, and respect.”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than the present. Live it!”
“If not now, when?”
“The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.”
“Everything is for our enjoyment.”
“You can't dwell on what might have been and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.”
“Equality is not a concept. It's not something we should be striving for. It's a necessity. Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women, and the misogyny that is in every culture is not a true part of the human condition. It is life out of balance, and that imbalance is sucking something out of the soul of every man and woman who's confronted with it. We need equality. Kinda now.”
“There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark.”
“Wanting positive experience is a negative experience; accepting negative experience is a positive experience.”
“I'm a distruptive writer. I start sentences where I want to start them. I put a comma where I want to put it. This is simply because to advance the human mind, some rules should be broken.”
“Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.”
“Do it to perfection, or not at all.”
“Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.”
“ The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step, Dalinar. ”
“Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.”
“The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.”
“But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!”
“I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.”
“Soccer forces life to move on. There’s always a new match. A new season. There’s always a dream that everything can get better. It’s a game of wonders.”
“You can stay stuck or go forward, but you can't go back. Don't let your fear of falling hold you back! You've got this!”
“If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you, If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too; If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, Or being lied about, don't deal in lies, Or being hated, don't give way to hating, And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise If you can dream - and not make dreams your master; If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim; If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster And treat those two impostors just the same; If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken, And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools If you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss, And lose, and start again at your beginnings And never breathe a word about your loss; If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew To serve your turn long after they are gone, And so hold on when there is nothing in you Except the will which says to them: 'Hold on!' If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch, If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you, If all men count with you, but none too much; If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds' worth of distance run, Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!”
“Remaining calm in stressful situations gives you time to assess the situation later when you are calmer.”
“To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.”
“Everyone feels empty at some point, but we can fill the emptiness in our life. We can always fill up our empty life.”
“For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.”
“Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others have discovered the secret to genuine happiness and fulfilment.”
“Your dreams are the compass guiding you towards a life of purpose and fulfillment.”
“To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.”
“Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.”
“The shell must break before the bird can fly.”
“A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.”
“When surrounded by darkness your only duty is to shine.”
“If you can’t make it perfect, make it the best possible version within the coordinates of your abilities. ”
“Teach yourself to be grateful no matter how little you have or receive. That's the first step to contentment. Self-discipline is the key. ”
“Those who are willing to take uncalculated risks are those who achieve immense success.”
“To live without philosophizing is in truth the same as keeping the eyes closed without attempting to open them.”
“Remember to pause and take in the beauty of the present moment in your pursuit of happiness.”
“And the only way to do great work is to love what you do . Don't settle”
“Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.”
“Believe, my child. Faith is the food of survival.”
“It's absolutely ok to make poor choices; no one knows the world completely. To come out with better results is real responsibility.”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“Smiles bloom when you feel the summer breeze and the cool grass caressing dancing feet.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Doubt is fuel Fear is fuel Anxiety is fuel Pain is fuel Your full of energy Use it as prayer & action!”
“So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their endings.”
“If wisdom is related to age, human wisdom is insignificant in the cosmic setup. Our universe is 13.8 billion years old.”
“You can't expect change to happen if you REPEAT the same things. You have to REPLACE what you're trying to change.”
“History flows through us. We need only gaze inward to glimpse the future's unwritten pages.”
“Successful people don't have fewer problems. They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“Progress is not always rapid, in fact, sometimes it moves at a ‘snail’s pace”
“The outcome of a mistake determines it was a mistake or not, because the problem with them is often times you don't know if you are making one. Most people actually think they are the genius of the century while only being the fool of a millennia. Also vice versa..! -Emit Eht”
“But I do roll the dice Because I refuse to play nice Is that perhaps because I know How simple things matter Like a plate and some rice? Is that why I’m made of equal parts Fire and stone cold ice? I have seen the Devil once, you know He tried to strengthen and grow”
“I personally believe that fear is a great motivator. Being afraid can even be healthy, as you really achieve something grand when you get to the other side of your worst nightmare.”
“In the end, everything is a gag.”
“Count the roses, not the thorns.”
“I am going to open myself up to all that is superior in the world and beyond and I am going to spend time trying to take delight in things! Not finding ruin in them! If the ruin of you is what you look for, the ruin of you is what you are going to find!”
“Your story is really inspirational you just need to be successful to inspire people all over the world.”
“Take the breath of the new dawn and make it part of you. It will give you strength.”
“I' am brave. I am invincible. I am a conquer. Go ahead, send your armies of naysayers, I will be followed by a hoard of lions called supporters.”
“Dance elevates the calm and drowns the chaos.”
“Dress for your body type, to make fashion alive.”
“You deserve to have a prosperous and abundant life!”
“Everything will turn out right, the world is built on that.”
“A person today who seems to have a great sense of self-esteem has his or her childhood days to thank for it.”
“I am not choosing one of your paths, I am making one of my own.”
“Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.”
“Our independence lies on total dependent on Almighty God.”
“Open your eyes to what you should truly be focusing on when chasing dreams – the journey itself.”
“We cannot face up to what lies ahead, without facing up to what lies within.”
“To remain authentic to your soul’s mission is a titanic task. Committing to shining the Light in such a dark world is something that only heroes do. Use your talents to serve the Light, regardless of the key that will open the pass to higher realms and the new earth.”
“Fake it 'till you make it.”
“Those who do not weep, do not see.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to defeat.”
“We may have days where we encounter emotional struggles that weigh us down and make it difficult to get through the day. Remain resilient.”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“In the dance of hearts, love weaves its mystery, casting an enchanting spell that leaves us forever intrigued.”
“Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.”
“If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.”
“Let it be told to the future world that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive, that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet it.”
“How quick and rushing life can sometimes seem, when at the same time it's so slow and sweet and everlasting.”
“Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!”
“Celebrate when it's time to celebrate but work hard before you even think about celebrating”
“I ask of you your lives,” Elend said, voice echoing, “and your courage. I ask of you your faith, and your honor—your strength, and your compassion. For today, I lead you to die. I will not ask you to welcome this event. I will not insult you by calling it well, or just, or even glorious. But I will say this. “Each moment you fight is a gift to those in this cavern. Each second we fight is a second longer that thousands of people can draw breath. Each stroke of the sword, each koloss felled, each breath earned is a victory! It is a person protected for a moment longer, a life extended, an enemy frustrated!” There was a brief pause. “In the end, they will kill us,” Elend said, voice loud, ringing in the cavern. “But first, they shall fear us!”
“For life goes not backward, nor tarries with yesterday”
“You can become president of the country or the poor man of the country choice is always yours”
“If I look at the mass I will never act.”
“Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.”
“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith .”
“If you can link something hard to a choice you care about, it makes the task easier, Quintanilla's drill instructors had told him. That's why they asked each other questions starting with "why." Make a chore into a meaningful decision, and self-motivation will emerge.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“Man is as tough as a rock but delicate as a flower.”
“Do whatever you can to make the most of the present. It's the only thing you can control.”
“Silence is the most effective tool for accomplishing goals.”
“Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.”
“Dear Daughter, There is a price you will pay to be great. It is spelt in five words ─ GRIT.”
“I was 29 years of age and that was the first time I had experienced true love. Even the love of a Father!”
“Sometimes being happy takes effort. Invest time and energy in yourself and your happiness.”
“Analyze like a scientist, plot like a politician, execute like a soldier.”
“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.”
“The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.”
“Take the first step. No more, no less, and the next will be revealed.”
“The best leaders demonstrate by exemplary lifestyles.”
“You must know that you cannot take anything with you when you are dying. And by the way slowly you are dying everyday.”
“Til shade is gone, til water is gone Into the shadow with teeth bared Screaming defiance with the last breath To spit in Sightblinder’s eye on the Last Day.”
“So often we experience things in life, and yet never see the connections between them. When we are given hardship, or feel pain, we often fail to consider that the experience may be the direct cause or result of another action or experience. Sometimes we fail to recognize the direct connection between the pain in our lives and our relationship with Allah SWT”
“If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy.   Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.”
“Success can't exist unless you have execution. Your work should show progress.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Marriage is a garden that requires constant nurturing and care, but it can blossom into a beautiful and everlasting love with patience and dedication.”
“Even in the far future, never forget the you of right now Wherever you are right now, you’re just taking a break”
“Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.”
“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”
“You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.”
“Trust God from the bottom of your heart; don’t try to figure out everything on your own. Listen for God’s voice in everything you do, everywhere you go; He’s the one who will keep you on track”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“If you've been through hell on earth. You would understand that the people you see are more dangerous than the devil you haven't met.”
“Happiness [is] only real when shared”
“Rejections come the moment we decide to turn our "one day" into "day one," and that is totally okay.”
“No one of real intelligence will accept anything just because some authority declares it be so. Don't accept the truth of anything you have not confirmed for yourself.”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“The choices one makes, not one's blood, determine one's destiny - John Steinbeck”
“Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve”
“One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds. Much of the damage inflicted on land is quite invisible to laymen. An ecologist must either harden his shell and make believe that the consequences of science are none of his business, or he must be the doctor who sees the marks of death in a community that believes itself well and does not want to be told otherwise.”
“Be careful where you spend your time. Be careful what you allow your soul to be exposed to. The difference is palpable. You have a choice, and if you don't, create one”
“Creativity doesn't require competition. Do it for you or for a good cause.”
“If you seek happiness, look in the mirror. If you seek love, look elsewhere.”
“Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there”
“I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.”
“We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.”
“A seemingly muted interim is the springboard of Providence, rife with lessons of preparation for the next chapter, often we won't move until those lessons are pondered and applied in the heart of understanding.”
“When we focus on our weaknesses, we become normal. When we focus on our strengths we become extraordinary. -Emit Eht”
“When you are in the presence of the beauty of nature, nothing but happiness can overtake you.”
“Aim higher in case you fall short.”
“Life is a chance given to you to change the world. So, while you can, do your level best!”
“The clock is ticking, urging us to unite and work hand in hand to safeguard our environment and secure a flourishing future.”
“Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.”
“Convictions are prisons.”
“Life is a mystery to be lived not a problem to be solved”
“Don't allow the worries of this world to deprive you from worshipping your Maker.”
“We are the ones we've been waiting for.”
“Go where your nose leads you”
“The excitement of dreams coming true is beyond the description of words.”
“If you're lost and alone Or you're sinking like a stone Carry on  May your past be the sound Of your feet upon the ground Carry on”
“Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.”
“The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?”
“He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.”
“Each room I enter, every road I walk on, it asks for me, and waits to see whether or not I agreed to it. Did I try? Did I grab the moment? I love these jumps and where they lead.”
“It is never too late to wake up, It is never too late to try, As long as you have a dream, you have a reason to wake up, And if nothing, at least try!”
“I want to be free Michael, just for once in my whole life I want to be free" "You are free. You just don't know it yet”
“Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.”
“Focus on your goals until your goal becomes your reality”
“Nothing is unwanted in this world. Everybody & everything has value. Never worry about the value. Beyond every unwanted stage, you will find recycled & reborn stage.”
“Over the years I have developed and employed a variety of such coping mechanisms, mostly focusing around a philosophy I call, “Live Because.” “Live Because” is in contrast to what I’ve termed “Live Despite,” which is the idea that people can live rich, full lives in spite of their physical or emotional barriers. “Live Because” takes this a step further by suggesting that in many cases, patients can live a more fulfilling life with their illness than they could ever have done without it. Ehlers-Danlos syndrome has transformed me from a frequently petty and self-absorbed person into the person I am today (still somewhat self-absorbed, but a lot less petty, and with a clearly defined purpose of alleviating whatever suffering I can). I am better because of my illness, and not just in spite of it. But this process was, and still is, a journey. Chronic illness is nearly always accompanied by depression, and the need to constantly remain one step ahead of my illness has left me fearful and exhausted. I could never go through this alone  A part of me will always be angry; such is the process of mourning the pieces of oneself that are lost to chronic disease. I have learned to accept the duality of being bitter and at peace; ignorant and enlightened  while still laying a foundation of hope for the possibility that I can still realize my personal dreams and ambitions, even if not in the exact ways I had expected.”
“Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.”
“The curricula proved by irrefutable findings prepare generations for the past, not the future. The official exams only hinder its circumvention where it only differs in the letterhead and the dates of its conduct. This is the utmost betrayal against an entire generation of hidden gems.”
“Faith is not about finding meaning in the world, there may be no such thing -- faith is the belief in our capacity to create meaningful lives.”
“People say that eyes are windows to the soul.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“The world is advanced only by those who more than fill their present places.”
“Friends who love us know that motherhood is about transitioning--and adjusting, constantly, to those changes. We must become masters of change because that is what life demands of us.”
“Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. ”
“You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.”
“Never allow others to create your world because if you do, they will always make it too small.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“Remember to celebrate the small accomplishments along your journey because they will provide the support needed when the road gets rocky. ”
“Five tender apricots in a blue bowl, a brief and exact promise of things to come.”
“If you want to dine with perfection, you must toil with imperfection”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“Luck? I don’t know anything about luck. I’ve never banked on it and I’m afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: hard work - and realizing what opportunity is and what isn’t." — Lucille Ball”
“Amida's unimpeded light is the sun of wisdom that destroys the mind of darkness. (Preface in Teaching, Practice, Faith, Enlightenment)”
“He knew sometimes some fear can be good. When you are afraid things are going to get worse if you don't do something, it can prompt you into action. But it is not good when you are afraid that it keeps you from doing anything.”
“I imagine what would happen if everyone turned their regrets into wishes, went around shouting them.”
“Do your best to defeat the enemy inside you and you will find yourself wining the heart of your external enemy.”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“You are on your own.”
“People do not meet by chance––they navigate their lives to certain people for certain reasons.”
“Life is better when you treat it like an examination. In an examination, you do not just write anything based on how you feel; you are expected to answer the examiner's questions.”
“Walk like you came to change the World. You have.”
“No, Mineko, beauty is universal. There is an absolute principle in this world that underlies the appearance and disappearance of all phenomena. That is what we call karma. It is constant and immutable, and gives rise to universal values like beauty and morality.”
“Find the game you like to play - not just to win but because it clicks with you differently.”
“On days of struggle, try showing yourself kindness and give yourself enough time for your emotions to settle.”
“Live Life Fully & Abundantly”
“Anguish is the universal language”
“What is the truth, but a disguised lie! His slogan, which he has always worked with; as it has no meaning in this world, rather it does not exist, everything is relative, so what is for me an irrefutable truth may be for others just an illusion. Each sees from his angle and according to the amount of data that his mind receives from the surrounding environment, and the result that the mentality deduced from linking and analyzing these data, is the truth then. What if we have the ability to manipulate the data? Then the truth becomes in our hands as a piece of dough, we shape it as we like, and sometimes, out of the perfection of the lie, when the truth appears, no one believes it. If the truth suits the desires and orientations of the mind, then it becomes your help to its owner, a loyal and obedient soldier in your hands, and whenever you whip it with many details, it decides to ignore them, and under pressure it will fill the gaps with the invented story on his own occurred. Good suspicion, misunderstanding, complicated matter, forgetfulness, trust, are all tools and justifications to bridge these gaps, then it realizes that its salvation from this torment is by believing the generalities of what it sees, and the conclusion, the final, is the truth. But before confronting Satan with its greatest weapon, you must first whip your mind, have it at your command, then you will be able to weave the greatest truth, not subject to criticism, nor denial from the angle that the victim sees.”
“Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.”
“The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.”
“If I can't trust you, it doesn't matter how smart you are.”
“ don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”
“What we perceive about ourselves is greatly a reflection of how we will end up living our lives.”
“I never consider my team just customer service representatives, rather service excellence providers. Anyone can serve customers, however my team is next level as provides excellence in service to customers.”
“The most expensive thing that you can buy in the most densely populated places on the planet is distance.”
“Truth even in the most whispered tones will always roar.”
“When you feel like your hope is gone, look back for a second and remind yourself "WHY YOU STARTED?".”
“I write for children because I know that somewhere, in a home I will never visit, a child I will never know has some enjoyment and happiness that may not have otherwise existed. That alone is my success.”
“You don’t need to be a fortress to be strong. You don’t need to build walls to keep yourself safe. Open the windows and let the breeze breathe life into your bones. Go outside, touch the earth with your bare hands, and remind yourself how it feels to plant the seeds of love and watch them bloom into something beautiful. Water those flowers well; your garden will reawaken in the sun.”
“I have learned that the harder you fall…the higher you bounce!”
“Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.”
“Glass half full, or glass half empty, what am I? The answer? I'm not the bloody glass, I'm the fucking tap! Meaning, whatever my glass decides to be on a certain day, empty or full, I control how I feel and the flow of the milkshake inside it”
“Patience is a virtue, but there comes a moment when you must stop being patient and take the day by the throat and shake it. If it fights back; fine. I'd rather end up bloody at the end of the day, then unhurt with no progress made, no knowledge gained. I'd rather have a no, then nothing. I'd forgotten that about myself.”
“No one knows your truth but you. If you're secure in yourself, no one and no(thing) can touch you.”
“I can listen to what my elders have to say and still do the opposite of what they think is right. It is my life to live. I am responsible for it.”
“Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.”
“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”
“Until you get better on the inside, things will not get better on the outside. For the inward perfection is the outward reflection of beauty and excellence. They are the proofs of what we have become inside.”
“One can discover true bliss in nature’s stillness.”
“The tree that bends down escapes the storm !!!”
“There may be days when you get up in the morning and things aren't the way you had hoped they would be,  .that's when you have to tell yourself that things will get better. There are times when people disappoint you and let you down, but those are the times when you must remind yourself to trust your own judgments and opinions, to keep your life focused on believing in yourself and all that you are capable of. There will be challenges to face and changes to make in your life, and it is up to you to accept them. Constantly keep yourself headed in the right direction for yourself. It may not be easy at times, but in those times of struggle you will find a stronger sense of who you are, So when the days come that are filled with frustration and unexpected responsibilities, remember to believe in yourself and all you want your life to be because the challenges and changes will only help you to find the goals that you know are meant to come true for you. Keep believing in yourself.”
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.”
“True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.”
“No difference, good or bad. Thoughts like birds in mind. Some fly in. Some fly out. Some stay at water hole to drink. Beware of birds that linger.”
“Every negative  Jas a positive side ”
“Do all the good you can, By all the means you can, In all the ways you can, In all the places you can, At all the times you can, To all the people you can, As long as ever you can.”
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
“When I try, I fail. When I trust, He succeeds.”
“Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.”
“I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.”
“Gratitude and satisfaction are not mutually exclusive; you can have enough and still stay hungry.”
“Of course the dust is building up unseen, but you learn to repress this for as long as it goes unnoticed by guests. And then one day someone moves a piece of furniture without your say-so, and everything comes into plain view. Dirt and scratch marks. Permanent damage to the parquet floor. By then it’s too late.”
“Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.”
“She is not sophisticated. She just needs those who can understand her. An elegant woman is uniquely beautiful and very powerful. She is content with who she is yet so down to Earth.”
“If we subject ourselves to the same ‘cookie cutter’ patterns day in and day out, the perception of time’s passage accelerates substantially. Nuance slows time.”
“All creative activities is, to some extent, done partly with the intention to rectify or fix yourself. In other words, by relativizing yourself, by adapting your soul to a form that's different from what it is now, you can resolve - or sublimate - the contradictions, rifts, and distortions that inevitably crop up in the process of being alive. And if things go well, this effect can be shared with readers.”
“Here's how man thinks: "If no one’s done it, why should I try? It’s a waste of time; but if he’s done it, I can do it better.”
“Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.”
“There is Saviour, Jesus Christ.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“If you can breathe, you are blessed.”
“We want to make sense of everything, even when it's not meant to.”
“The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.”
“You don't have to be good at something to be liked.”
“There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“Seize the wind," I whispered. "Don't become the kite that never flies.”
“You have come nearer to mastering a good many aspects of cooking than anyone except a handful of great chefs, and some day it will pay off. I know it will. You will just have to go on working, and teaching, and getting around, and spreading the gospel until it does. (Avis DeVoto to Julia Child)”
“I can’t cry so I have to laugh.”
“The point is, art never stopped a war and never got anybody a job. That was never its function. Art cannot change events. But it can change people. It can affect people so that they are changed  because people are changed by art – enriched, ennobled, encouraged – they then act in a way that may affect the course of events  by the way they vote, they behave, the way they think.”
“Stay focus on what God has assigned me to do. Keep my mind on what I am doing/”
“Mountains bow when you start climbing, oceans dry when you start crossing. Awake, arise and boldly march forward, the path appears when you start walking.”
“The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!”
“Crises marked by anxiety, doubt, and despair have always been those periods of personal unrest that occur at the times when a man is sufficiently unsettled to have an opportunity for personal growth. We must always see our own feelings of uneasiness as being our chance for "making the growth choice rather than the fear choice.”
“Mindset plus skillset creates the master.”
“dont aom for success if u want it just do what u love n believe in and it wil come naturaly.”
“Jay would return to New York one day. When he did, he would make something of himself--not by way of luck or happenstance, but by means of his own industry. One day he would make New York his own. This indisputabe fact was his inescapable destiny. Only, he wasn't quite ready for that--not yet.”
“We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.”
“Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars”
“Oh! messages came left and right sweetheart,from my enemy devel that "I can't be nothing no matter what I'm trying to do" after and before my tranformation, I knew one thing that who have power to stand and crush the heard of my enemy by freeing my life without asking any questions he can protect and lead me through my destiny,my enemy thought it done by trying to buried God's things and calling in my life without knowing that it a beginning event that will heppen to you too why because he love everyone & his will is always yes and Amen.”
“Don't think or judge, just listen.”
“My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.”
“Dont eat to be fool,eat to be strong .”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“People are the lifeblood of any business.”
“God’s words are swift to create. Through men, His words are quick to build.”
“It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.”
“When I close my eyes, I see an unending pattern. Most can make the day of a sad person brighter. But I'm not given the power to bring them to life. So I ask, what is the purpose? ~ Peter Ojo”
“WATNEY: Look! A pair of boobs! -> (.Y.).”
“Hatred is a louder exhibition of inability.”
“Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway. If you don't try, you save nothing, because you might as well be dead.”
“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.”
“A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all.”
“You are the star in your world, claim your spot, sparkle!”
“We have to tell stories to unriddle the world”
“Waiting is wasting. Make the most of yourself and be the best version of yourself. Have Trust in Allah's greatness; He will provide everything.”
“there is no moment more precious than the exact moment you are living now”
“If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never.”
“An item is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it”
“If the thought inspires you, and it feels good and right it is yours, alone, to exercise. So get right on it!”
“A prayerful woman knows where her victory comes from. That is why she stays on her knees no matter the season.”
“To those human beings who are of any concern to me I wish suffering, desolation, sickness, ill-treatment, indignities—I wish that they should not remain unfamiliar with profound self-contempt, the torture of self-mistrust, the wretchedness of the vanquished: I have no pity for them, because I wish them the only thing that can prove today whether one is worth anything or not—that one endures.”
“I think the act of reading imbues the reader with a sensitivity toward the outside world that people who don't read can sometimes lack. I know it seems like a contradiction in terms; after all reading is such a solitary, internalizing act that it appears to represent a disengagement from day-to-day life. But reading, and particularly the reading of fiction, encourages us to view the world in new and challenging ways It allows us to inhabit the consciousness of another which is a precursor to empathy, and empathy is, for me, one of the marks of a decent human being.”
“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
“We have the freedom to create in a world that God created because He loves us enough to give us the free will - imagination - to create.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes and mind to what lies behind, so you can focus on the now.”
“Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.”
“In a time when I need a little hope I look at a photo of where I call home and think of the moment I'll have when I go back with my trials and struggles carried in a box able to be let free and turn into achievements and happiness.”
“Never give up. Things that you keep dreaming about will happen one day.”
“I tried to create my own Force Field—something that would embody the beauty itself, a place that could give strength even in the toughest of times.”
“Receiving is good but giving is much better. Nevertheless, sharing is the best.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“Do not be dismayed by the brokenness of the world. All things break. And all things can be mended. Not with time, as they say, but with intention. So go. Love intentionally, extravagantly, unconditionally. The broken world waits in darkness for the light that is you.”
“Step follows step, Hope follows Courage, Set your face towards danger, Set your heart on victory.”
“Competitions are for horses, not heroes.”
“The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.”
“Dance and evolve; time will soon run out; this moment of the present is all that counts.”
“There is no great teacher like God.”
“It is only with true love and compassion that we can begin to mend what is broken in the world. It is these two blessed things that can begin to heal all broken hearts.”
“Some opportunities take time. Don't give up. Be patient, stay positive and watch them unfold. The best feeling in the world is getting paid to do what you love!”
“A woman who writes has power, and a woman with power is feared.”
“Dreams are the things that remind us that our lives do not need to be lived within the confines of our doubts.”
“Too many people are missing their destiny a year at a time because they're too scared to think in decades!" (p. 127)”
“There's only one person better than you, and you see them in the mirror every single day. Never stop being you.”
“Under Adverse conditions - some people break down,some break records”
“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.”
“Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen the third time.”
“Love hurts. Think back over romance novels you’ve loved or the genre-defining books that drive our industry. The most unforgettable stories and characters spring from crushing opposition. What we remember about romance novels is the darkness that drives them. Three hundred pages of folks being happy together makes for a hefty sleeping pill, but three hundred pages of a couple finding a way to be happy in the face of impossible odds makes our hearts soar. In darkness, we are all alone. So don’t just make love, make anguish for your characters. As you structure a story, don’t satisfy your hero’s desires, thwart them. Make sure your solutions create new problems. Nurture your characters doubts and despair. Make them earn the happy ending they want, even better…make them deserve it. Delay and disappointment charge situations and validate character growth. Misery accompanies love. It’s no accident that many of the stories we think of as timeless romances in Western Literature are fiercely tragic: Romeo and Juliet, Tristan and Isolde, Cupid and Psyche… the pain in them drags us back again and again, hoping that this time we’ll find a way out of the dark. Only if you let your characters get lost will we get lost in them. And that, more than anything else, is what romance can and should do for its protagonists and its readers: lead us through the labyrinth, skirt the monstrous despair roaming its halls, and find our way into daylight.”
“The older you get, the more you realize how short life can be. That is why you need to seize opportunities while they still exist.”
“So, have we solved the secret of happiness? "I believe so," he said Are you going to tell me? "Yes.Ready?" Ready. "Be satisfied." That's it? "Be greatful." That's it? "For what you have.For the love you receive.And for what God has given you." That's it? He looked me in the eye.Then he sighed deeply. "That's it.”
“Categorizing yourself by either your victimization or your privilege fails to give any clarity to life’s fundamental question: What are you going to do with it?”
“You must want to change. That’s the starting point. You must want to be a leader and make a lasting positive impact on lives. You must want to grow the division or company. You must be able to see an incredible power that will be unleashed if you become a better people manager. That’s the start. Without this foresight and motivation, you can attend as many leadership development programs and read as many self-help books as you want but they won’t move the needle.”
“The same wind that uproots trees makes the grass shine. The lordly wind loves the weakness and the lowness of grasses. Never brag of being strong. The axe doesn't worry how thick the branches are. It cuts them to pieces. But not the leaves. It leaves the leaves alone.”
“If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!”
“Your common sense is more important than your rights.”
“It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“They may try to stop you by their words and deeds, but like air you will rise above it all. You are unstoppable”
“Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.”
“ we have to surpass ourselves every day, make every day undying. Climb our own personal Everest and do it in such a way that every step is a little bit of eternity. That's what the future is for: to build the present, with real plans, made by living people.”
“A Warrior of Light values a child's eyes because they are able to look at the world without bitterness. When he wants to find out if the person beside him is worthy of his trust, he tries to see him as a child would”
“Good ideas stay with you until you eventually write the story.”
“Surround yourself with people who make you happy, folks who reliably care about you. They are the ones that are worthy of custody in your life.”
“Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition." Transition is the tension present between struggle and grace.”
“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so. At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”
“If your creation is taking 99% perspiration, it stinks and you need more inspiration.”
“There's no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day.”
“I am poet, and I only believe in love and peace. We the homo sapiens are capable of great things, but let us not get narrow minded and hate each other. Our world needs more loving hearts.”
“An entrepreneur sees reward, not risk!”
“Them: Angel, It was never about you. It was always about them. Their fears, their insecurities, Doubts and misdeeds, Their desire to be right Their lack of feeling to move toward some light. So don't pound your heart any further. Don't wrestle with the past. It was never about you.”
“A daydreamer is prepared for most things.”
“We do not have to renounce what we have; we have to forsake what we do not have. - Shree Shambav.”
“Meaningless thoughts come at a price.”
“Yet he who reigns within himself, and rules Passions, desires, and fears, is more a king.”
“You enter the forest at the darkest point, where there is no path. Where there is a way or path, it is someone else's path. You are not on your own path. If you follow someone else's way, you are not going to realize your potential.”
“There are two reasons someone might follow a leader: Obligation or inspiration. Obligation is when you have to follow a leader. Inspiration is when you want to follow a leader.”
“Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.”
“Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?”
“Anxiety is never your fault. Neither is it an innate part of who you are. Change is possible.”
“Burnout prevention starts with YOU. Invest in your happiness & well-being for a better tomorrow.”
“Welcome on Who is "Nozipho Curve Babe" Book enjoy and learn in it you can bring your tissues to wipe tears if you can couse I'll tell you about my horrible Story that heppened in my life when I grow up by it I'M trying to give hope, motivate, impower and inspired those who stuck in pain, confusion, cursing God and condemming themself about this I say if I manage to accept and overcome this situation you can do it,you not alone mostly there's some good and better things after that fire you'll come out shine like a gold I'm a living testimony.Contineur reading to hear it all you can contact me about it and other book that l'm busy writing.”
“I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.”
“God requires you to do what is right.”
“Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.”
“The most powerful magic of all is choice.”
“He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”
“No Difference Small as a peanut, Big as a giant, We're all the same size When we turn off the light. Rich as a sultan, Poor as a mite, We're all worth the same When we turn off the light. Red, black or orange, Yellow or white, We all look the same When we turn off the light. So maybe the way, To make everything right Is for god to just reach out And turn off the light!”
“Before you move on life will make you answer two questions. Is it your sword over a life? Or your life over a sword.”
“when you came you cried and everybody smiled with joy; when you go smile and let the world cry for you.”
“Strong delusions travel like cold germs on a sneeze.”
“the more that they sought to bring me down the more i fought to rise above gaining tremendous will power and drive i have never felt more alive sometimes the events that scare us remind us of what is important life has become my favorite drink because every moment has a link”
“I was proud of myself for how well I 'managed' and refused to give up on my dreams.”
“Fall, fall and fall again, to fall without stopping is rising.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“You must accept the reality of other people. You think that reality is up for negotiation, that we think it's whatever you say it is. You must accept that we are as real as you are; you must accept that you are not God.”
“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
“Your capacity to say ‘No’ determines your capacity to say ‘Yes’ to greater things.”
“If you have nothing to give. Then give smile”
“Love is the absence of judgment.”
“Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.”
“The monkeys solved the puzzle simply because they found it gratifying to solve puzzles. They enjoyed it. The joy of the task was its own reward.”
“Don't call yourself discouraged anymore;it's no longer your name.”
“Evil can be transmuted into tragedy, loss into gain, temporality into deathlessness, by creating beauty.”
“If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.”
“I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.”
“The whales do not sing because they have an answer, they sing because they have a song.”
“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”
“We are not there yet, but we're almost there.”
“Stay diligent in your ways; anything you seek with diligence you shall find, and none of your requests to The Universe shall be declined; may take time, but that's because your blessings will be one of a kind.”
“Once capacity is surpassed, additional information becomes noise and results in a decrease in information processing and decision quality.”
“There are  otherwise quite decent people who are so dull of nature that they believe that they must attribute the swift flight of fancy to some illness of the psyche, and thus it happens that this or that writer is said to create not other than while imbibing intoxicating drink or that his fantasies are the result of overexcited nerves and resulting fever. But who can fail to know that, while a state of psychical excitement caused by the one or other stimulant may indeed generate some lucky and brilliant ideas, it can never produce a well-founded, substantial work of art that requires the utmost presence of mind.”
“Collective madness is called sanity ..”
“‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.”
“Global cultural understanding and respect for human dignity for all, at all times and under all circumstances, is not just a noble moral goal but an essential pre-requisite for the national interest.”
“Walk free from the long shadows cast by small people.”
“Be the person that will take the first step towards personal success. You will be remembered for it.”
“The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.”
“Opposition can be your friend. Opposition can be the fire that tempers the better sword, as well as the ice that cools a fiery temper. Don't ever run from it; learn from it!”
“All things are possible if you believe ”
“In the end these things matter most: How well did you love? How fully did you live? How deeply did you let go?”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.”
“People don't believe what you tell them. They rarely believe what you show them. They often believe what their friends tell them. They always believe what they tell themselves.”
“Worrying is arrogant because God knows what He's doing.”
“Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“Paradigm shift is for the mindful; but those who refuse to adopt to new ways of looking at things will always catch yesterday's train, flight or bus.”
“Halfway down the aisle, Jamie suddenly seemed to tire, and they stopped while she caught her breath It was, I remembered thinking, the most difficult walk anyone ever had to make. In every way, a walk to remember.”
“Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.”
“It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.”
“Student engagement is the product of motivation and active learning. It is a product rather than a sum because it will not occur if either element is missing.”
“An Affirmation: I may love them, but I don't have to suffer with them.”
“Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.”
“Just be yourself, there is no one better.”
“When it’s inside, don’t search in the dark outside.”
“When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.”
“You know me better than you think, you know, and you shall know me better yet.”
“You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.”
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”
“The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.”
“I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven”
“Be inspired, but be nonattached as you acknowledge the impermanence of everything and the beauty of that simple truth”
“Boredom is the fear of self.”
“When all is said and done all anyone has left is their integrity at their core  Don't give that away too.”
“You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something and you need the right amount of love.”
“The effort you put into something is never wasted, even if it leads you to disappointing results. Your efforts make you wiser, more skilled , and more experienced and that's a positive outcome for any effort. Show yourself approved!”
“Trust your path and trust in yourself to know and believe in the best and always do what is right. Lean into being kind, compassionate, and forgiving. So many times we can get stuck, but there will always be people, opportunities, and circumstances that will push us forward.”
“Even without abstract thought or metaphysical theorizing, just standing on two legs and using clubs gave mankind more than enough skill to win the race for survival on earth. These other abilities aren’t that necessary. And in exchange for our hyper-capable cerebral cortexes, of necessity we have to give up lots of other physical abilities. For example, dogs have a sense of smell several thousand times better than humans, and a sense of hearing tens of times better. But we’re able to amass complex hypotheses. We’re able to compare and contrast the cosmos and the microcosmos, and appreciate Van Gogh and Mozart. We can read Proust—if you want to, that is—and collect Koimari porcelain and Persian rugs. Not something a dog can do.”
“You are your greatest investment.”
“We have two choices when it comes to creating impactful change in people’s decision-making process. We can create technology to prohibit or create rules to follow”
“While it took much longer than I ever anticipated to see my writing efforts pay off, it finally happened so that at the age of forty-three I was my own woman, beholden to no one.”
“Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.”
“It is one of the beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.”
“Most people believe losing everything is the end I say it is a new beginning.”
“With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.”
“Both mind and body must be kept in perpetual harmony to ensure prosperity.”
“Don’t be sad, when you dance, every stride will bring you closer to smiles.”
“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
“Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.”
“If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?”
“The power of a praying woman does not depend on what she can do with her own hands, but on the Mighty Hand of God.”
“I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.”
“A person's a person, no matter how small.”
“The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.”
“Tears of sadness will erase the pain of life.”
“Dare to love yourself as if you were a rainbow with gold at both ends.”
“Listening Is one of the best critical and very Important life skill you should have as a person In order to succeed In life. Most If not all the time when I fail, It is because I wasn’t listening. Listening not just to respond, but to understand. Listening to your gut or Intuition. Listening to your heart or feelings. Listening to other people.”
“It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.”
“Those that yield are not always weak”
“I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.”
“The slogans “hang on” and “press on” have solved and will continue to solve the problems of humanity.”
“Every flower is a melody that floats through the air and soothes our hearts.”
“Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are.”
“Our job in this life is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already are and become it.”
“Nothing can bring down a woman who is comfortable in her skin. She is genuine and never pretends to be someone she is not. She knows her worth and what she wants.”
“Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.”
“Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.”
“When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.”
“I have so much to share with the world, please be patient and you will get everything you are currently waiting for.”
“I do not write poetry; I take words and dip them in feelings.”
“Joy to the world, the teacher’s dead We barbecued the head What happened to the body? We flushed it down the potty And round and round it goes Until it overflows And round and round and round it goes”
“What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“The enemy that is Envy is trigger-happy; he's pretty much a gunslinger who wields a silenced Demotivator - sent with sabotage, suicide, and suppression, he assassinates in secret, and so hopes to exterminate, to kill what was meant to motivate him - in simpler terms and less expression: he shoots the messenger.”
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”
“if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.”
“Be willing to leave the ground behind if you want to fly.”
“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
“Be humble for you are made of earth. Be noble for you are made of stars.”
“Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.”
“If you don't know where you're going, you're never going to get there.”
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”
“Simplify to amplify. Streamlining your systems is like decluttering your mind; it frees up mental real estate, enhances focus, and unleashes your full potential. So, ditch the complexity, embrace simplicity, and watch your performance skyrocket.”
“Truth on social media can offer hope in tragedy. It can also offer solace for a plethora of quiet insecurities that plague our daily lives, the ones that hover in our minds but go unspoken,”
“Life does not give you what you need, it gives you what you deserve. So don't increase your need level, increase your deserving level". ~Dr Lloyd Magangeni”
“When students are inspired, they’ll do anything to gain new knowledge and understanding. They will seek to learn even more than the teacher seeks to facilitate learning.”
“Life will not always be easy, but we can make it easy when we collectively choose to break the existing limits in our society.”
“What men and women need is encouragement. Their natural resisting powers should be strengthened, not weakened   Instead of always harping on a man's faults, tell him of his virtues. Try to pull him out of his rut   Hold up to him his better self, his real self that can dare and do and win out!   People radiate what is in their minds and in their hearts.”
“We did not earn creativity, nor did God forget to give creativity to some of us.”
“Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.”
“Life will constantly grant you an opportunity to learn. Use it well.”
“It is a true act of insanity to expect others to believe in the same ideals. One person’s vision of utopia will be another’s version of Hell. I believed that if I gave my writing to a corporation to publish was attune to having my soul ripped out and leaving me a lifeless husk. However, working for an insurance company with no hope for my future was the rebellious act of a petulant child. Sometimes the things that we truly believe in are the things that are drowning us.”
“My journey doesn't end until I win, so make sure you're either with me or in hell”
“There are TWO ways to have the largest skyscraper. One is to work hard to build the best skyscraper, inspiring others to do the same, making yourself and the world better. Other people work hard to demolish everyone else's skyscrapers and discourage others, so their shack is the largest skyscraper. Be the first type of person.”
“Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.”
“Any deliberate effort aimed at bringing a powerful woman down ends up building her up, when she has the Lord by her side.”
“When words are less through dance, we express the emotions hidden within.”
“ and remember my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves. Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you.”
“We often fail to see that there is an invisible wall in a relationship - Cord 10, In Between Us!”
“Precious moments with precious people can help you realize how precious life can be.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“The past can't hurt you anymore. Not unless you let it. They made you into a victim, Evey. They made you into a statistic. But, that's not the real you. That's not who you are inside.”
“You don’t need a compass when you are yourself a map.”
“We think that if we just meditated enough or jogged enough or ate perfect food, everything would be perfect. But from the point of view of someone who is awake, that’s death. Seeking security or perfection, rejoicing in feeling confirmed and whole, self contained and comfortable, is some kind of death. It doesn’t have any fresh air. There’s no room for something to come in and interrupt all that. We are killing the moment by controlling our experience.”
“Power is the difference in wealth or influence. Humbleness is to ignore the difference, even if it is there”
“people tend to do stuff because they expect to get something out of it”
“Because ” he used to cradle his daughter in his arms every morning and often they would exchange soft nuances “ if you can dream it, if you can see it in your visions at night, if you can feel it in your soul, it’s yours! And it never really belonged to anyone else, in the first place! It was always yours!” Viera returned her scroll to the drawer and closed it, she kissed the compass around her neck and climbed into her bed under the warm quilts, the candle flame crackled and the memories of her father’s arms around her embraced her there in bed and his deep, hoarse voice resounded in her ears; “  and if you chance upon a treasure that is yours and it happens to be in the possession of someone else, it’s not very wrong to take what is yours, to take what you dreamed, what you saw in your visions at night, what you felt visit you in your spirit! Sure, it’s not lawful, but aye aye my little one, listen to me when I tell you that the best things in life are not under the laws of any sort! For which law created love? Which law created courage? The best things, the real things, are the things that are not measured by any man’s laws! Fear is the only thing that any law has ever created! And what kind of pirates would we all be if we were afraid of any of our fears, even a little!”
“Don't let the dark side of human nature makes it difficult for you to TRUST, LOVE AND CARE. Because when you lose all these feelings, you become dead even to yourself.”
“I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?”
“As a service excellence provider, I always think about how to turn a customer's pain point into brownie points. Never underestimate the power of any customer transaction”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“It's strange, isn't it, how you never know you're living the best time of your life at the moment you're living it? If you could appreciate, at that instant, that this is it, maybe you'd make certain your mind imprinted every detail of the sights, smells, sounds and sensations. Then again, maybe knowing that life will only get duller, sadder, less hopeful afterward would inject melancholy into that moment. You'd miss life's peak experience by mourning it before it passes. So perhaps it's best not to know.”
“Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another.”
“Your struggle is not vain. Have faith, and be patient enough to discover why God let it all happen.”
“Limits can be great for inspiring creative solutions.”
“Art is the act of triggering deep memories of what it means to be fully human.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!”
“Either you want change or you want comfort, but you can't have both.”
“The best defense against stress is a calm mind.”
“In the face of environmental challenges, innovation becomes our greatest ally in shaping a sustainable future.”
“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
“Love is the only energy I’ve ever used as a writer. I’ve never written out of anger, although anger has informed love.”
“Time has only one actuality, that it will pass either as it wishes or you wish it to.”
“If you Seek you shall Find  Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.”
“If Aphrodite chills at home in Cyprus for most of the year, then Fez must be the goddess’s playground.”
“LAW 46 Never Appear Too Perfect Appearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses. Envy creates silent enemies. It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more human and approachable. Only gods and the dead can seem perfect with impunity.”
“When your compass is shaking there's always another one reaching out . Be a gallon when its finds you ~”
“So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.”
“Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?”
“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”
“Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!”
“Sometimes you can see things happen right in front of your eyes and still jump to the wrong conclusions.”
“Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.”
“All The Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas Layin' In The Sun, Talkin' 'Bout The Things They Woulda-Coulda-Shoulda Done  But All Those Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas All Ran Away And Hid From One Little Did.”
“Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!”
“If perfection slows you down, you are more likely to detour from the evolution path. ”
“What an utter disgrace it would be to find something truly magic and spend any time at all pretending and trying to convince yourself it is all just an unbelievably orchestrated and beautifully choreographed illusion.”
“Pride is a funny thing; it can make what is truly worthless appear to be a treasure.”
“There are a thousand different ways to get home. Just dance and celebrate until you dissolve into one.”
“You are to make your own way prosperous Even God cannot do it for you; you will have to do it yourself by doing the right things; taking right decisions, talking right, thinking right, being at the right place with the right-kind of people and by reading the right materials.”
“A wise woman knows that she does not have to fight every battle. For some battles, she just watches until she overcomes.”
“Decide in your heart of hearts what really excites and challenges you, and start moving your life in that direction. Every decision you make, from what you eat to what you do with your time tonight, turns you into who you are tomorrow, and the day after that. Look at who you want to be, and start sculpting yourself into that person. You may not get exactly where you thought you'd be, but you will be doing things that suit you in a profession you believe in. Don't let life randomly kick you into the adult you don't want to become.”
“No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.”
“I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.”
“Difficulty is the foundation of growth, which is the foundation of greatness.”
“History is written with blood, sweat, and tears, and it is etched into eternity by the quiet endurance of courageous people.”
“In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important to the Almighty than what you accomplished.”
“When you have a soul sometimes it burns.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure: the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“You may be good, but that doesn't make me bad. You may be intelligent, but that doesn't make me a fool.”
“The Lord must have created coffee to reward humans for those bad times they sometimes have on Earth. Having charged your heart and brain with a cup of coffee, you’re ready to face the challenges of life. A good cup of coffee makes life seem better.”
“Decide what your truth is. Then live it.”
“You wear a crown of roses. You’ve fully entered the next phase of your life: a crone and member of the wise council of women. You will be a part of the shift of ages. You will keep the flame of women’s work and women’s stories alive. You will change the world by doing so. It turns out, you’ve been a fire-walker your whole life. Now, you will teach others.”
“Don't hastate yourself; you're the most variable person, because every big thing started from a small one.”
“Life is meant to realize oneself as a Divine Being in the Higher Consciousness (God), and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also”
“It takes more than one woman to do things differently It takes a world of them”
“Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.”
“ [I]ron discipline does not preclude but presupposes criticism and contest of opinion within the Party. Least of all does it mean that discipline must be 'blind'. On the contrary, iron discipline does not preclude but presupposes conscious and voluntary submission, for only conscious discipline can be truly iron discipline.”
“If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.”
“Don't be afraid to take that first step and go after what you desire - because believe it or not, it wants you too. You deserve all the good things life has to offer; so go ahead and seize them!”
“You can do what you want to do.”
“The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.”
“make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sorts of acquaintances only - those by whom something may be got, and those from whom something may be learned. - Colton”
“Remember, you are in control of your own destiny and happiness, so don’t let anyone else dictate how you feel or cause you to lose your inner peace.”
“Fall in love with what you do, only can you do your best.”
“Even though your life is Rainy and muggy you can fight through it just Make sure you know what is happening And make sure you don't take to much pressure on it just shake it off!”
“The Lord is God. God is Holy.”
“Every day, the sun paints the world in light— you can do the same.”
“You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.”
“Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand--and melting like a snowflake ”
“Refrain from feeling sorry for the abuser as this is not love. Love is a verb. Love acts as love is.”
“Here, in this quiet place we own, worlds are born. ~Run the Voodoo Down~”
“Build an empire and make it a brand.”
“Before your dreams can come true, you gotta be willing to work your heart out to achieve it. You should be able to take risks. Be courageous enough to face failure and most importantly always have faith in yourself no matter what. One day you'll surely succeed.”
“An improvement comes through openness and willingness.”
“There is a God who can save you in any situation, call on him, the Divine Being.”
“He is my knight. Trying his best to protect my soul, even though being with me has more than its share of both beauty and sadness. I’m not an easy person to understand. My eternity, and the future that I want us both to have, is surrounded by flowers and the sun. The infinity of forever can be summed up within the magic of a kiss for that is love’s goal.”
“We are not going to die." Butters stared up at me, pale, his eyes terrified. "We're not?" "No. And do you know why?" He shook his head. "Because Thomas is too pretty to die. And because I'm too stubborn to die." I hauled on the shirt even harder. "And most of all because tomorrow is Oktoberfest, Butters, and polka will never die.”
“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
“Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.”
“We must look within ourselves in order to look beyond ourselves.”
“The sunsets we experience with people we care about are the most beautiful.”
“He who binds to himself a joy Does the winged life destroy; But he who kisses the joy as it flies Lives in eternity's sun rise.”
“One thing I've learned: we don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves.”
“There are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express the depth of my love for you.”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to happen the way it did. The best thing that you can do is extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. In turn, attracting experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“I’ve had the whole world at my disposal, The seven wonders for my rehearsal, But that was not enough, It’s tough to describe you.”
“95% of your actions are habitual”
“He who is best prepared can best serve his moment of inspiration.”
“You choose how you feel, you choose what you do, you choose who you are.”
“Forcing oneself toward peak performance on difficult days only incites further strain.”
“Death is the greatest fear of all living things, even though we all know it is the ultimate truth.”
“To prepare for the mountains develop mind, body, will and spirit as strong as a sword, soft as a pillow and fluid as water.”
“They say behind every successful man, there is a woman. But I say, behind every successful person, are unsuccessful years full of pain and hard work.”
“She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood. She only looked away for a moment, and the mask slipped, and you fell. All your tomorrows start here.”
“I've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. At first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. The next day you want more. You're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.You think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. But then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. Now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. If he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. And just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love."- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“I have realized; it is during the times I am far outside my element that I experience myself the most. That I see and feel who I really am, the most! I think that's what a comet is like, you see, a comet is born in the outer realms of the universe! But it's only when it ventures too close to our sun or to other stars that it releases the blazing "tail" behind it and shoots brazen through the heavens! And meteors become sucked into our atmosphere before they burst like firecrackers and realize that they're shooting stars! That's why I enjoy taking myself out of my own element, my own comfort zone, and hurling myself out into the unknown. Because it's during those scary moments, those unsure steps taken, that I am able to see that I'm like a comet hitting a new atmosphere: suddenly I illuminate magnificently and fire dusts begin to fall off of me! I discover a smile I didn't know I had, I uncover a feeling that I didn't know existed in me  I see myself. I'm a shooting star. A meteor shower. But I'm not going to die out. I guess I'm more like a comet then. I'm just going to keep on coming back.”
“Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.”
“The tension between what is, and what we dream of, is important. Not to discount what we have, but to hold onto that middle ground, because it's in there that the magic happens.”
“I said the results in all of this is growth we grow spiritual, emotional and mental for an example if you didnt use to pray you going to do it,if you use to think things in a light way you going to think in deeper way avoid to take things easier and emotions will become sharpne knows when to take cover in order to be safe in being hurt if it does will doing it more finally it conquer heart, two ways of heart conquered by your choice depend on how you come out on situations,better choose right and pray to come out as suppose that will give God glory as I said we live to fullfill his will.”
“The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, “This is love.” God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, “This is love.”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.”
“Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.”
“Never give up on the commitment in which the happiness of others creates your inner satisfaction.”
“RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily ”
“Take a moment. Breathe. Slow Down. Let Go. Experience the calm.”
“Be patient in the pursuit of your dreams.”
“It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves”
“Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.”
“Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.”
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”
“If a person have an inability.. Then will have a super specialty..”
“I only cry once when I get hurt by the same thing at first.”
“Your failure of schools and colleges does not define your future.”
“For so many years, I couldn’t understand why every time I thought that someone finally loved me, like… for real, they would eventually turn to vapor. Every person whom I’ve ever loved is trapped inside of my chest. I’ve breathed all of them in so deeply that I’ve nearly choked and died on every soul that I’ve ever given myself to.”
“When you sow a seed it will grow. Somehow, someway, it will grow.”
“Ladies and gentlemen of the class of '97: Wear sunscreen. If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it. The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by scientists, whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience. I will dispense this advice now. Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth. Oh, never mind. You will not understand the power and beauty of your youth until they've faded. But trust me, in 20 years, you'll look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you can't grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked. You are not as fat as you imagine. Don't worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum. The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind, the kind that blindside you at 4 p.m. on some idle Tuesday.”
“In my resistance, I knew that there was more to the assignment. To think of an assignment as nothing more than a grade would be a missed opportunity as it is. But when there's resistance, it's an even bigger indicator that something's going on, there's a deeper significance. And I knew there was something to the story that was to come. And I was motivated. There's a certain excitement that arises when one realizes they're at the onset of a personal transformation.”
“The exact time, location, and manner of death are known only by Allah (سبحانه وتعالى); this is part of the unseen. The wisdom of this is that the human will be encouraged to constantly be in a state of preparation for death, knowing that it might occur at any moment.”
“Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.”
“In most cases, strengths and weaknesses are two sides of the same coin. A strength in one situation is a weakness in another, yet often the person can’t switch gears. It’s a very subtle thing to talk about strengths and weaknesses because almost always they’re the same thing.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gifts it holds can come to light.”
“When there are many worlds you can choose the one you walk into each day.”
“Men all pass away. However, not all men live.”
“I am powerful in my love for myself. The truth of my being is I love myself exactly as I am. I honor my empowered heart.”
“There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.”
“Those who forgive without receiving an apology are the strongest. It shows how well they can be in control of their emotions without their emotions controlling them.”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life ”
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Let us do something, while we have the chance! It is not every day that we are needed .To all mankind they were addressed, those cries for help still ringing in our ears! But at this place, at this moment of time, all mankind is us, whether we like it or not. Let us make the most of it, before it is too late!”
“The secret to achieving greatness lies in the art of planning. When we map out our dreams, we pave the way for success to follow.”
“Sometimes you must stand still in order to get moving to where GOD wants you to go.”
“Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.”
“I found myself thinking more deeply about my own motivations and intentions. I had now been working on the Dawn Wall for parts of three years. It had become my touchstone, my opportunity for self-expression. The way it started—alone—empowered me in my quest for independence.”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual. — Bobby J Mattingly”
“To die, so young to die. No, no, not I, I love the warm sunny skies, light, song, shining eyes, I want no war, no battle cry, No, no, not I.”
“Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.”
“Life Is only enjoyed in the Today. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the immutable past or the indefinite future!”
“Mother is a verb. It's something you do. Not just who you are.”
“they are a little more solid even in the exquisite nakedness of their existence and they glory in their reality and read music and dance poetry on the sidewalks and in the lavatories of bombed out buildings. we take their words and cup them in our hands and we take their lips and crush them to ourselves and dream the dreams and think of sands and faraway places and wish for death and pray they see IT soon.”
“Imperfection inspires invention, imagination, creativity. It stimulates. The more I feel imperfect, the more I feel alive.”
“A woman who knows God cries out to Him in times of distress and celebrates His goodness in times of joy.”
“I want you to embark on the truth of loving yourself because when you love yourself and when you appreciate yourself, you will make healthy changes in your life for healthy reasons.”
“Nothing happens while you live. The scenery changes, people come in and go out, that's all. There are no beginnings. Days are tacked on to days without rhyme or reason, an interminable, monotonous addition.”
“Just as learning has no end, so does growth.”
“God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!”
“What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind-then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it's all as it should be.”
“To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says: "Leave no stone unturned.”
“Sometimes it takes a while to recognize that someone has a special ability to get us to believe in ourselves, to tie that belief to our highest ideals, and to imagine that together we can do great things. In those rare moments, when such a person comes along, we need to put aside our plans and reach for what we know is possible.”
“Trust me Earth is not your Home as there is nothing as delightful as we are looking for. and on top of it these things successfully confusing us like a Mirage in a deserte so wake up ”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“God created His first human being-Adam-from clay! We are made from the earth and connected to it.”
“Each day presents a plethora of competing priorities. Focus is key.”
“Every morning when I wake up, I experience an exquisite joy —the joy of being Salvador Dalí— and I ask myself in rapture: What wonderful things is this Salvador Dalí going to accomplish today?”
“In the name of the best within you, do not sacrifice this world to those who are at its worst. In the name of the values that keep you alive, do not let your vision of people be distorted by the ugly, the cowardly, the mindless in those who have never achieved integrity. Do not lose your knowledge that our proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind and a step that travels unlimited roads. Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark, in the hopeless swamps of the approximate, the not-quite, the not-yet, the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish, in lonely frustration for the life you deserved, but have never been able to reach. Check your road and the nature of your battle. The world you desired can be won, it exists, it is real, it's yours.”
“An act of kindness may take only a moment of our time, but when captured in the heart the memory lives forever.”
“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.”
“I am not here to rear chickens, I am here to raise eagles.”
“Have some deep goals in your life so that they inspire you to wake up every morning”
“The only prescription for morality is this: Remember that every woman could have been your mother, every girl could be your daughter. Remember that every man could have been your father, every boy could be your son. When it comes to matters of the heart, that's all that needs to be kept in mind, always, at all times. Whatever form of hurt you cause, will echo in your children one day. Whatever form of judgments you make, must be held up against the condition of your father or your mother. When this is done— one sees that there is no room to judge and that there is no room to hurt, another.”
“I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.”
“There are people who think that things that happen in fiction do not really happen. These people are wrong.”
“Team work makes the dream work”
“I like to set my dreams high. That way, even if I only make it half way there, it's still pretty darned good.”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.”
“Try foods from other cultures too. Food gets you closer into knowing other people.”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.”
“Your circumstances do NOT define you. Expect a GRAND finale.”
“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning  Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”
“The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.”
“Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!”
“Inspiration is sometimes as simple as a shared smile.”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“I’d rather welcome change than cling to the past.”
“Dust sleeping on your bookshelf and all your plants are drying out you are too busy to save yourself is your mind heading for burnout? Coffee rings on your bedside table anxiety pills under your pillowcase working round the clock to foot the bill is there no time for breakfast these days? Friends haven't seen you in a while your phone is always out of reach you're slowly forgetting how to smile is your silence a figure of speech? Life can sometimes seem to be unfair but hoping is better than you think send the message in a bottle if you dare is it so hard to not force yourself to sink?”
“Dear Daughter, Your situation can still change. As long as you have breath attached to your name, there is still a chance that you can be great.”
“If you are under the impression you have already perfected yourself, you will never rise to the heights you are no doubt capable of.”
“It lightens the mood when you start to dance; it’s not about the feet, but what moves beneath.”
“The passage of time should never extinguish your spark or diminish your dreams; always remember, you are never too old to shine brightly.”
“Saying someone is lost is as crazy as saying there is somewhere they are supposed to be.”
“Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.”
“Do not go up and come down. A tree grows high from roots deeply embedded beneath the surface of the earth, it does not grow downwards from the sky. Likewise character develops by noting and correcting the smallest flaws in the grind of a laborious struggle. The outcome of that is its future strength.”
“Frustration and Love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.”
“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
“We all have issues & we have usually come by them honestly.”
“What is lovely never dies, but passes into other loveliness, Star-dust, or sea-foam, flower or winged air.”
“It's funny, haha. Time consuming oil.”
“The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE”
“Life often finds a way of teaching us something, whether we are willing to learn or unwilling.”
“Pain? Yes, of course. Racing without pain is not racing. But the pleasure of being ahead outweighed the pain a million times over. To hell with the pain. What's six minutes of pain compared to the pain they're going to feel for the next six months or six decades. You never forget your wins and losses in this sport. YOU NEVER FORGET.”
“Sometimes we do not need motivation to get started but the realization of a great motive behind what we are set to do”
“Laughter is carbonated holiness.”
“Clarity gives you the courage to pursue your dreams and the power to make them a reality — now is the time to get clear on what you want!”
“Don't just get your foot in the door. Break that door down and make some real change.”
“Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels.”
“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
“True behavior change is identity change. You might start a habit because of motivation, but the only reason you'll stick with one is that it becomes part of your identity.”
“People who are motivated away from things often experience a lot of pain and worry before they’re motivated to act.”
“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
“Very few people try to know themselver. And those who have been able to know themselves even a little. That peoples great. The whole world knows him.”
“Wear high hill shoes in hard situations to finish up some stuff it your body language.”
“Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.”
“Things end. People leave. And you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how would you be able to feel the good ones?”
“We must not be defined by what we do, but we must be what and who we are, then only happen to do what we do!”
“I never want you to deny anything about yourself because you have grown up thinking it’s unacceptable or inconvenient for the people around you.”
“Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.”
“It’s funny. I met a man once who did a lot of mountain climbing. I asked him which was harder, ascending or descending? He said without a doubt descending, because ascending you were so focused on reaching the top, you avoided mistakes. The backside of a mountain is a fight against human nature,” he said. “You have to care as much about yourself on the way down as you did on the way up.”
“If you’re to choose to paint your life today  What will it be? Remember, you’re the artist, not the canvas.”
“Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.”
“Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming”
“Are you on our side and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?”
“Let's always try to paint the truth   our art must be made to mean something.”
“The soul is the entryway to the heart, the heart is the doorway to the mind, the mind is the hallway to the world, and the world is the passageway to the universe.”
“Life’s too short to walk around with your arms crossed and bottom lip poked out. Find a way to smile for yourself even if it’s as simple as licking the spoon clean or putting clean sheets on your bed.”
“She's Devine. She's Magic. And she didn't have to wait for anyone to tell her in order for her to believe that about herself. And that's what made her so magically beautiful.”
“It dawns on you one day  how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you’re thinking, “My life is precious and you’re not allowed to hurt me.”
“All publicity is good publicity.”
“A true beggar is unable to discover his true wealth.”
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living out fears.”
“A prominent person would utilize his or her talent to inspire and benefit others instead of excessively craving for fame and wealth to only benefit him or herself.”
“You are immensely gifted my friend You can find it within you Like I found something within me A few years ago ”
“Comfort is not love. But love can be comfort.”
“If you start everything with God and end everything with God. God won't disappoint you in times of troubles.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives, focus on the positives.”
“The mind can't delete what the heart won't let go of.”
“Prince Wen-hui’s cook, Ting, was cutting up an ox. Every touch of his hand, every ripple of his shoulders, every step of his feet, every thrust of his knees, every cut of his knife, was in perfect harmony, like the dance of the Mulberry Grove, like the chords of the Lynx Head music. Well done! said the prince. How did you gain such skill? Putting down his knife, Ting said, I follow the Tao, Your Highness, which goes beyond all skills. When I first began cutting up oxen, all I could see was the ox. After three years, I had learned to look beyond the ox. Nowadays I see with my whole being, not with my eyes. I sense the natural lines, and my knife slides through by itself, never touching a joint, much less a bone. A good cook changes knives once a year: he cuts. An ordinary cook changes knives once a month: he hacks. This knife of mine has lasted for nineteen years; it has cut up thousands of oxen, but its blade is as sharp as if it were new. Between the joints there are spaces, and the blade has no thickness. Having no thickness, it slips right through; there’s more than enough room for it. And when I come to a difficult part, I slow down, I focus my attention, I barely move, the knife finds its way, until suddenly the flesh falls apart on its own. I stand there and let the joy of the work fill me. Then I wipe the blade clean and put it away. Bravo! cried the prince. From the words of this cook, I have learned how to live my life.”
“Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.”
“When the world throws rocks at you, turn them into diamonds.”
“Every set back is a setup for a GREAT Come back”
“The Sacred Place of A Loving Mother It felt so unreal The atmosphere surreal Yet, you had serenity As you said your final goodbyes With conviction, you waved at us Until you gave your last breath That was the end of you on Earth Years go by and I realise I hope to see you one more time So, I keep looking around Your departure left in me a gaping wound That wound sometimes bleeds No matter how much I try to hide it I cannot help but long for you Mommy Your beautiful smile calmed my nerves Your warm presence gave me calmness Your gentle kindness changed who I am Your wealth of wisdom helped me grow Your staunch support kept me strong Your sincere sacrifices brought me hope Your powerful prayers made me a conqueror If you could hear my voice I would whisper the words “I love you.” If you could see my face You would realise that I miss you If you could look at me now You would understand how much I need you If you could notice my tears I know you would wipe them there and there If you could get closer to me You would give me a hug and say, “It is okay.” Because right now, I feel it is not Mama! Deep in my heart, there is a vacuum A vacuum that no one can ever fill Every time I am at crossroads I wonder what you would say or do Living next to you was a great blessing You were an amazing parent to me And you will always be my inspiration In sadness, I recall how you prayed In happiness, I recount how you praised the Lord In the wilderness, I remember how you trusted God It is still hard to believe you are gone I will cherish you forever My loving Mother No one can ever take your sacred place”
“The vast majority of people eat animal products not because of how they’re produced, but in spite of it.”
“The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his attitude.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“You told me once of the plants that lie dormant through the drought, that wait, half-dead, deep in the earth. The plants that wait for the rain. You said they'd wait for years, if they had to; that they'd almost kill themselves before they grew again. But as soon as those first drops of water fall, those plants begin to stretch and spread their roots. They travel up through the soil and sand to reach the surface. There's a chance for them again.”
“There are two types of individuals— those who crumble under pressure, and those who thrive when subjected to extreme situations.”
“Artists will create art. The World needs art and artists. Anyone for art?”
“The first and best victory is to conquer self”
“Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.”
“You are never too old to set another goal, or to dream a new dream.”
“Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.”
“Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse”
“Schizophrenia may affect how we perceive reality, but it cannot diminish the power of our imagination and the strength of our spirit.”
“Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.”
“All men are created equal. Now matter how hard they try, they can never erase those words. That is what America is about.”
“If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is. If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, there's room to hear more subtle things - that's when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more. Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment. You see so much more than you could see before. It's a discipline; you have to practice it.”
“Be brave to express your raw emotions.”
“O love, O fire! once he drew With one long kiss my whole soul through My lips, as sunlight drinketh dew.”
“Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?" -Morrie”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Indeed, even if one masters the skill, there's always a room for advancement.”
“Each moment, each person, is sacred and worthy of respect- especially you.”
“Every negative  Has a positive side ”
“Every search begins with beginners luck. And every search ends with the victor's being severely tested.”
“when all this started, I asked myself, 'Am I going to withdraw from the world, like most people do, or am I going to live?' I decided I'm going to live---or at least try to live---the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humor, with composure.”
“Healing is comparable to a garden. It needs tended to on a consistent basis. For weeds to be pulled out. The garden needs water and sunshine in effort to grow. Like a lotus flower, you will sprout through the soil, reaching up through the dark water towards the sunlight, stretching to the surface where you will beautifully bloom.”
“Be ready to adjust in life because it can get bumpy at any time.”
“You don’t get to pick where you’re from, but you always have control of where you’re going.”
“You are blessed beyond measure and sharing your blessings brings everlasting pleasure.”
“Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.”
“The most beautiful things are unseen but can be felt.”
“Attention is the beginning of devotion.”
“May you always be filled with joy, no matter what your circumstances are?”
“No matter how old we are or what life experiences we have incurred, we are never too old to make mistakes.”
“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. [Quoting Reverend Phillips Brooks, during Remarks at Presidential Prayer Breakfast, February 7 1963] ”
“Release yourself from this static state, and dance without end when the melody plays.”
“Its simple. Do the work to get the perk”
“Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.”
“I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.”
“Seek deep meanings first; don't always seek happiness, the more you seek happiness, the more you'll always seek it.”
“Never allow a struggle to turn your sky into a ceiling. You must believe there's always a way.”
“Lee’s hand shook as he filled the delicate cups. He drank his down in one gulp. “Don’t you see?” he cried. “The American Standard translation orders men to triumph over sin, and you can call sin ignorance. The King James translation makes a promise in ‘Thou shalt,’ meaning that men will surely triumph over sin. But the Hebrew word, the word timshel—‘Thou mayest’— that gives a choice. It might be the most important word in the world. That says the way is open. That throws it right back on a man. For if ‘Thou mayest’—it is also true that ‘Thou mayest not.’ Don’t you see?”
“Do you know how they make the strongest sword? They hammer it flat then hold it to the fire.”
“Being nice doesn't stop people from hating you and the hate shouldn't stop you from being nice. Don't listen to the loudest of the hurtful words instead pay attention on the lives you can impact positively.”
“This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.”
“The key to your happiness is to own your slippers, own who you are, own how you look, own your family, own the talents you have, and own the ones you don't. If you keep saying your slippers aren't yours, then you'll die searching, you'll die bitter, always feeling you were promised more. Not only our actions, but also our omissions, become our destiny.”
“I do not speak much because my words are costly.”
“ Absorbed in the new scents, the sounds, and the sunlight ”
“The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us the less taste we shall have for the destruction of our race. Wonder and humility are wholesome emotions, and they do not exist side by side with a lust for destruction. { Speech accepting the John Burroughs Medal }”
“And now that its ruby eyes are set into the gold, you cannot see their tear-shape, so they seem to be laughing rather than crying. It is a constant reminder to me of the human ability to create something beautiful even when things are at the darkest.”
“If you can dream it, you have the innate ability to make it a reality in your life.”
“Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.”
“God's artistic signature is visibly hidden inside of every breathing thing on earth.”
“The dream is to keep surprising yourself, never mind the audience.”
“A Violin Is Pretty To Look At-But It Is The Music That Generates Its Beauty”
“Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?”
“We are part of nature which has a sequential environment - our current actions will affect our future decisions. The choices we make today, will decide what choices we will have tomorrow to choose from.”
“It takes writing a billion bad words before you get to the good ones.”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“The universe is big, its vast and complicated, and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do me.”
“Don't cry for everything Just try for something”
“For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”
“To days like these, I know it's pretty difficult to carry on, especially with all that is going on around. I know you tried your best to build something, to grow something the very whole time and when the time came for it to blossom, everything seemed to have fallen apart all over again. I know you have always believed in hard work and the goodness of spirit, yet sometimes when you find your hardwork slip through Time's fingers and your goodness going absolutely unnoticed in a world of camouflaged realities, I hope you hold on. I know you feel angry and hostile and you seek answers but hold on, dear heart for nothing goes in vain in a Universe that absorbs every bit of one's actions and intentions. Hold on, dear heart for it doesn't matter how many times you fall but how you remember to walk ahead having full faith on the Justice of Time. Hold on, dear heart for Faith is not when you carry on when the way is smooth and lit but when you cross tunnels of darkness to become the light yourself, for Faith is knowing He is there with you, even in the darkest of nights and the fiercest of storms. Hold on, dear heart for Nothing is certain in a world that revolves around a star of Fire, only that you have the same fire within yourself, the very Stardust that He has put in your soul. And no matter what, carry on, walk ahead with kindness and grace, seep deep in that passion of hard work that pushes you to wake up in the morning to create something, to grow something and to find something wherein you can pour a flicker of your spirit, while wearing the smile of goodness, the very one that makes you, You. Hold on, dear heart! We will grow our garden, all over again, with a little more sunshine and a smile of strength! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift”
“If you want to fly high, go round the ground first”
“If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.”
“No one lights a lamp in order to hide it behind the door: the purpose of light is to create more light, to open people's eyes, to reveal the marvels around.”
“Love, say what you want, do what you can, hope for the best, and surrender the rest.”
“I understood the life around me better, not from love, which everybody acknowledges to be a great teacher, but from estrangement, to which nobody has attributed the power of reinforcing insight”
“On the other side of fear is everything you've ever desired!”
“Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph.”
“Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.”
“According to the wheel of life, everything is subject to change and extinction.”
“A well-cultivated mind deprived of physical engagement lacks all semblance of mobility, and may be in grave danger of ill health.”
“Strengthen my heart To keep speaking what I know is true Even when it hurts And brings pain I must go through.” —From the poem ‘Offering”
“It’s against the rules of humanity to believe there is nothing we can do.”
“Can a dream be wrong? Aren't dreams God's way of telling you things?”
“Freedom is the right to write the wrong words.”
“A confident woman is not intimidated by the presence of other confident people around her. She knows her essence and she is secure by nature.”
“Take faith, for example. For many people in our world, the opposite of faith is doubt. The goal, then, within this understanding, is to eliminate doubt. But faith and doubt aren't opposites. Doubt is often a sign that your faith has a pulse, that it's alive and well and exploring and searching. Faith and doubt aren't opposites, they are, it turns out, excellent dance partners.”
“The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.”
“Be fearless. Have the courage to take risks. Go where there are no guarantees. Get out of your comfort zone even if it means being uncomfortable. The road less traveled is sometimes fraught with barricades bumps and uncharted terrain. But it is on that road where your character is truly tested And have the courage to accept that you’re not perfect nothing is and no one is — and that’s OK.”
“In the height of the gusts, in my high position, where the seas did not break, I found myself compelled to cling tightly to the rail to escape being blown away. My face was stung to severe pain by the high-driving spindrift, and I had a feeling that the wind was blowing the cobwebs out of my sleep-starved brain. ”
“A unsuccessful person is one who stops believing in himself and stops trying to be successful”
“I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become.”
“Every day send some blessings to the world. Let there be flow of love”
“When inequality takes root, a garden of problems flourishes.”
“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
“What you do doesn't frighten your enemies as much as what you are.”
“The majority of people have successfully alienated themselves from change; they tediously arrange their lives into a familiar pattern, they give themselves to normalcy, they are proud if they are able to follow in auspicious footsteps set before them, they take pride in always coloring inside the lines and they feel secure if they belong to a batch of others who are like them. Now, if familiar patterns bore you, if normalcy passes before you unnoticed, if you want to create your own footsteps in the earth and leave your own handprints on the skies, if you are the one who doesn't mind the lines in the coloring book as much as others do, and perchance you do not cling to a flock for you to identify with, then you must be ready for adversity. If you are something extraordinary, you are going to always shock others and while they go about existing in their mundaneness which they call success, you're going to be flying around crazy in their skies and that scares them. People are afraid of change, afraid of being different, afraid of doing things and thinking things that aren't a part of their checkerboard game of a life. They only know the pieces and the moves in their games, and that's it. You're always going to find them in the place that you think you're going to find them in, and every time they think about you, you're going to give them a heart attack.”
“Don’t waste energy living a life someone else designed for you. Life is one per customer. Let them do theirs. You do yours.”
“Persistence used to be his goal; perhaps, he once believed, if he endured more days, eventually life would come together, either ultimately or through a single event. Books and art and politics said to keep going. But while persistence was other men’s answer, their conflicts were not his. How could a man totally trust history’s advice when today, the sparrow breaks its old route and flies over that jacaranda tree and not the usual? Persistence was not Andrei’s answer. He needed deviation.”
“I found an inner strength to fight for myself. It was clear that nobody else would.”
“Done is better than perfect.”
“Once you know who you are, you need not fear being misunderstood, or isolated, or bullied. You won’t care whether others respect you, because you know who you are.”
“God will answer you prayers better than you think. Of course, one will not always get exactly what he has asked for .We all have sorrows and disappointments, but one must never forget that, if commended to God, they will issue in good .His own solution is far better than any we could conceive.”
“At these challenging times of widespread anxiety, when so many things seem to be falling apart, fear can tempt us to get stuck in our convictions. During this chaotic transitional period, there is an urgent need to transcend ego-centered views and approach the situation from a broader, healthier perspective.”
“Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.”
“What I bring to the table isn't important when it's at the Lord's table. My presence is enough for him.”
“You become what you think about”
“Everything and everyone, including you and I, are made up of the magic from the stars in the sky.”
“That's everyone's dream, isn't it, really? Instead of many who give you little pieces of themselves-one who gives you everything.”
“I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.”
“He not busy being born is busy dying.”
“Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.”
“In order to be yourself, you must first know who you are.”
“I’m always scared to death that I won’t do a role justice. But fear can be a great motivator.”
“I face my trauma because I believe in breaking cycles, not repeating them.”
“Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.”
“You are worthy of all non-material facets of life that will bring you opportunities for personal growth and fulfillment.”
“Silence is the language of Om. We need silence to be able to reach our Self. Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love.”
“Eating disorder cause body organs and spirit distinction.”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!”
“He asked, 'Croesus, who told you to attack my land and meet me as an enemy instead of a friend?' The King replied, 'It was caused by your good fate and my bad fate. It was the fault of the Greek gods, who with their arrogance, encouraged me to march onto your lands. Nobody is mad enough to choose war whilst there is peace. During times of peace, the sons bury their fathers, but in war it is the fathers who send their sons to the grave.”
“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
“The moment you become friends with your inner Self, you realize that the failures or hindrances that you met earlier were caused more by your disconnected status with your inner Being.”
“If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?”
“There are moments in every relationship that define when two people start to fall in love. A first glance A first smile A first kiss A first fall… (I remove the Darth Vader house shoes from my satchel and look down at them.) You were wearing these during one of those moments. One of the moments I first started to fall in love with you. The way you gave me butterflies that morning Had absolutely nothing to do with anyone else, and everything to do with you. I was falling in love with you that morning because of you. (I take the next item out of the satchel. When I pull it out and look up, she brings her hands to her mouth in shock.) This ugly little gnome With his smug little grin… He's the reason I had an excuse to invite you into my house. Into my life. You took a lot of aggression out on him over those next few months. I would watch from my window as you would kick him over every time you walked by him. Poor little guy. You were so tenacious. That feisty, aggressive, strong-willed side of you…. The side of you that refused to take crap from this concrete gnome? The side of you that refused to take crap from me? I fell in love with that side of you because of you. (I set the gnome down on the stage and grab the CD) This is your favorite CD ‘Layken’s shit.’ Although now I know you intended for shit to be possessive, rather than descriptive. The banjo started playing through the speakers of your car and I immediately recognized my favorite band. Then when I realized it was your favorite band, too? The fact that these same lyrics inspired both of us? I fell in love with that about you. That had absolutely nothing to do with anyone else. I fell in love with that about you because of you. (I take a slip of paper out of the satchel and hold it up. When I look at her, I see Eddie slide her a napkin. I can’t tell from up here, but that can only mean she’s crying.) This is a receipt I kept. Only because the item I purchased that night was on the verge of ridiculous. Chocolate milk on the rocks? Who orders that? You were different, and you didn’t care. You were being you. A piece of me fell in love with you at that moment, because of you. This? (I hold up another sheet of paper.) This I didn’t really like so much. It’s the poem you wrote about me. The one you titled 'mean?' I don’t think I ever told you… but you made a zero. And then I kept it to remind myself of all the things I never want to be to you. (I pull her shirt from my bag. When I hold it into the light, I sigh into the microphone.) This is that ugly shirt you wear. It doesn’t really have anything to do with why I fell in love with you. I just saw it at your house and thought I’d steal it.”
“What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.”
“The really magical things are the ones that happen right in front of you. A lot of the time you keep looking for beauty, but it is already there. And if you look with a bit more intention, you see it.”
“Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.”
“One day you will be proud that you did not give up on your dreams when pursuing them was full of challenges. Until then, keep on pushing forward.”
“When his writing is going well, Gordon Strangle Mars likes to wake up at 6 a.m. and go out driving. He works out new plot lines about giant spiders and keeps an eye out for abandoned couches, which he wrestles into the back of his pickup truck. Then he writes for the rest of the day.”
“We shall never have a world without errors, but the world that we do have can be a beautiful place if we just had the willingness to correct our errors.”
“The human experience is designed to shape us for something greater— greater than our imagination or hopes.”
“Go and get your things,' he said. 'Dreams mean work.”
“It was being a runner that mattered, not how fast or how far I could run. The joy was in the act of running and in the journey, not in the destination. We have a better chance of seeing where we are when we stop trying to get somewhere else. We can enjoy every moment of movement, as long as where we are is as good as where we'd like to be. That's not to say that you need to be satisfied forever with where you are today. But you need to honor what you've accomplished, rather than thinking of what's left to be done (p. 159).”
“I don't really want people looking to me for inspiration. I just want to be a sign along the way that points toward Heaven.”
“Naysayers can't prevent your brilliance and purpose from entering the world. It will seep under doors like water flooding into a room. Its shafts will beam through windows like dazzling rays on a bright, summery morning. Within the sunlight are galaxies and constellations filled with opportunities for you to take. All you have to do is create the environment for its manifestation and keep striving, keep going.”
“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
“If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. Keep the faith.”
“It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it ”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“Whoever is motivated can go great things.”
“Look around you. Your world-hosts are all in mutiny, in confusion, destitution; on the eve of fiery wreck and madness! They will not march farther for you, on the sixpence a day and supply-demand principle; they will not; nor ought they, nor can they. Ye shall reduce them to order, begin reducing them. to order, to just subordination; noble loyalty in return for noble guidance. Their souls are driven nigh mad; let yours be sane and ever saner.”
“God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.”
“Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.”
“We open up our vulnerabilities when we face past trauma - but in the end, our vulnerable side is our strength!”
“Those who rest when they need to work will work when they need to rest. Do your bit when it is most rewarding.”
“At the end of the day, it’s your life. If you turn out good, the world celebrates you and with you (not minding how you achieved it). If bad, they abandon you (even if they gave you the advice that led you to doom). Just be you and follow your heart.”
“Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! You aren’t a child anymore. The sooner you set yourself to your spiritual program, the happier you will be. The longer you wait, the more you’ll be vulnerable to mediocrity and feel filled with shame and regret, because you know you are capable of better. From this instant on, vow to stop disappointing yourself. Separate yourself from the mob. Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.”
“Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.”
“You can take a little bit of the East and a little bit of the West, and create a formulaic soup in life that works best for you: no one else has to drink it if they don’t like”
“Truth is a thought provoking mechanism designed to bring about a virtuous change , but tailored minimally to suit one’s liking.”
“The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for them.”
“I was sitting at home and had a profound experience. I experienced, in all of my Being, that someday I was going to die, and it wouldn't be like it had been happening, almost dying but somehow staying alive, but I would just die! And two things would happen right before I died: I would regret my entire life; I would want to live it over again. This terrified me. The thought that I would live my entire life, look at it and realize I blew it forced me to do something with my life.”
“The only difference between a grown-up's mistake and a child's is the size of the consequence.”
“Fear has the role we give it. We are able to empower or poison ourselves to whatever degree we want. This is the beauty of our design.”
“Depending on how you look at it, even hell can be a paradise, or paradise a hell. -Emit Eht”
“The devil doesn't need an invitation to where there is spiritual stagnancy, He would assume he is welcome for obvious reasons. Stagnant water would attract unwanted pests.”
“Something hit me very hard once, thinking about what one little man could do. Think of the Queen Mary — the whole ship goes by and then comes the rudder. And there's a tiny thing at the edge of the rudder called a trimtab. It's a miniature rudder. Just moving the little trim tab builds a low pressure that pulls the rudder around. Takes almost no effort at all. So I said that the little individual can be a trimtab. Society thinks it's going right by you, that it's left you altogether. But if you're doing dynamic things mentally, the fact is that you can just put your foot out like that and the whole big ship of state is going to go. So I said, call me Trimtab.”
“The Maker makes it possible for us to move.”
“The greatest disease in the West today is not TB or leprosy; it is being unwanted, unloved, and uncared for. We can cure physical diseases with medicine, but the only cure for loneliness, despair, and hopelessness is love. There are many in the world who are dying for a piece of bread but there are many more dying for a little love. The poverty in the West is a different kind of poverty -- it is not only a poverty of loneliness but also of spirituality. There's a hunger for love, as there is a hunger for God.”
“The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.”
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“You should always do what you can to make life sweeter.”
“Keeping negative energies and people at the bay will solve all your problems!”
“Mothers are the heartbeat of our lives, the ones who guide us through the ups and downs, and the light that shines even in the darkest moments.”
“Those who win are not always the WINNERS.”
“Time tell stories, stories need time to be profound!”
“Not everything put into you is good or right, but it is good enough, and it is all important.”
“There is no respectful way to deliver a truth ~Peter Ojo”
“You can only work on yourself. Start there.”
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”
“This was not a fearie tale. This was not the movies. This was life. It hurt more. It was excruciating. It was excruciatingly beautiful.”
“Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure”
“Everyone is struggling. I suppose we must try to understand and learn rather than judge”
“When healthy competition prevails -- you come out to play and you play to win.”
“I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here  rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness  give me truth. ”
“ the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.”
“Life is a series of natural and unanticipated changes. Don’t fight them; instead, accept them with grace.”
“The Sun-Dial at Wells College The shadow by my finger cast Divides the future from the past: Before it, sleeps the unborn hour In darkness, and beyond thy power: Behind its unreturning line, The vanished hour, no longer thine: One hour alone is in thy hands,-- The NOW on which the shadow stands. ”
“Every time I admire nature, I wish I could just disappear into it.”
“We spend 80% of our efforts perfecting 20% of our work. Perfection boosts your ego, not your happiness. ”
“Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.”
“I am; I was. I want to be.”
“Leadership entails the ability to inspire others to reach their full potential, fostering a collective vision, and empowering them to create a better tomorrow.”
“My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer, from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.”
“For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.”
“You cannot expect victory and plan for defeat.”
“The absent are always wrong and it is very convenient to lynch Satan in the public square in order to make him responsible for the dark parts of our souls!”
“My Creed I do not choose to be a common man, It is my right to be uncommon … if I can, I seek opportunity … not security. I do not wish to be a kept citizen. Humbled and dulled by having the State look after me. I want to take the calculated risk; To dream and to build. To fail and to succeed. I refuse to barter incentive for a dole; I prefer the challenges of life To the guaranteed existence; The thrill of fulfillment To the stale calm of Utopia. I will not trade freedom for beneficence Nor my dignity for a handout I will never cower before any master Nor bend to any threat. It is my heritage to stand erect. Proud and unafraid; To think and act for myself, To enjoy the benefit of my creations And to face the world boldly and say: This, with God’s help, I have done All this is what it means To be an Entrepreneur.”
“Nothing will unfold for us unless we move toward what looks to us like nothing: faith is a cascade.”
“Obstacles allow you to refine your strategy. To walk the path that is more aligned with the future that you wish for yourself. When presented with these blessings in disguises, adjust your perspective. Let it all motivate you instead. This is how you will learn, evolve, and build the resilience you need to elevate to the next level.”
“Excess is pain, neglect is pain, balance is comfort.”
“When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.”
“Eat healthy foods. A healthy diet eliminates the expenses of doctor visits and the gym.”
“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
“Evolution is a revolution without R, and "R" is a Renewal of the mind.”
“Ardour in well-doing is a misleading and a treacherous thing. It cries out loudly for employment; you can't satisfy it at first; it wants more and more; it is eager to move mountains and divert the course of rivers. It isn't content till it perspires. And then, too often, when it feels the perspiration on its brow, it wearies all of a sudden and dies, without even putting itself to the trouble of saying, "I've had enough of this.”
“Pain is such a useful thing. It corrects us when we're wrong. It shapes our character. It teaches us that we're alive.”
“Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.”
“We all are an element of water With full of dripping emotions.”
“God uses broken things. It takes broken soil to produce a crop, broken clouds to give rain, broken grain to give bread, broken bread to give strength. It is the broken alabaster box that gives forth perfume. It is Peter, weeping bitterly, who returns to greater power than ever.”
“The course of my life had been in doubt for so long that I always had to assess my emotions. This was new. It felt real, mature, and I didn’t want to let it dissolve into juvenile memories as the others had. Damn! Kara made me feel like a man! That was what I’d been looking for!”
“Giants in Jeans Sonnet 19 Be humble to the lowly, And gentle to weak. Be a dinosaur to the phony, And a stone wall to the critic. It is a mad, mad world, Where the naïve is up for abuse. Be naïve and simple on the inside, But learn when it's time to act a douche. Some bullies only understand strength, If needed keep your strength at hand. A few firm roars of your conviction, Will make the oppressors wet their pants. But be very cautious while using your strength, Reckless power turns even a saint into tyrant.”
“There is no learning without study.”
“Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.”
“She fell so many times that some of her friends decided that she and this whole tree climbing thing was a complete waste of time. ”She should give up, it's taken way too long”, said one friend.”
“And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt.”
“Even the most fruitful seeds remain dormant until they are planted in good soil. To give the seeds of our dreams the best chance to come alive, our purposeful actions must speak louder than our pathetic excuses.”
“Freedom will finally be within grasp when you experience heaven on earth with a dance.”
“A powerful woman can stand even after a fall. It does not matter how long it takes. She always finds a way to get back on her feet.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“We can not, therefore, reserve as sacred anything that is not truth and yet we cannot turn from things of truth have inspired us in our everyday lives. We must merely embrace both hard and soft truths that must not be avoided. This does not mean we can reserve for ourselves the right to be self-righteous nor call others self-righteous simply because they disagree with us.”
“If you are still breathing maybe it is not such a bad day after all ”
“I was kind of excited to go to jail for the first time and I learnt some great dialogue.”
“Well being is a great wealth.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Not all lessons are meant to help you. Some are presented to you to distract you from reaching your destiny. A shoemaker’s technical lessons are not so useful to a fruit seller.”
“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
“Your family members will not always be around to play with you. Have other external trusted parties.”
“We light the oven so that everyone may bake bread in it.”
“It is such a blessing that we can find endless support through our friends and family.”
“A sense of the divine presence and indwelling bears the soul towards heaven as upon the wings of eagles.”
“Regrettably, we believe we own the earth, the trees, the mountains, flowing rivers, and many other things, but we are all owned by nature.”
“Even if people do not understand you, at least they do not possess the same ability as your bizarre uniqueness.”
“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.”
“You have abundance all around you.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“You can be the most beautiful person in the world and everybody sees light and rainbows when they look at you, but if you yourself don't know it, all of that doesn't even matter. Every second that you spend on doubting your worth, every moment that you use to criticize yourself; is a second of your life wasted, is a moment of your life thrown away. It's not like you have forever, so don't waste any of your seconds, don't throw even one of your moments away.”
“hold company with yourself so sacred that even when you are alone, you are whole.”
“For this will cure him that is sick, and rouse him that is in dumps; one that has loved, it will remember of it; one that has not, it will instruct. For there was never any yet that wholly could escape love, and never shall there be any, never so long as beauty shall be, never so long as eyes can see. But help me that God to write the passions of others; and while I write, keep me in my own right wits.”
“Life may not seem fair, but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Everything looks impossible initially, and then everything eases out gradually. Beginning is the key.”
“It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“The only easy day was yesterday.”
“Let us strive to be the change-makers who steer our planet towards a sustainable future, where both humanity and nature thrive.”
“I am not a man of God, I am too little to be that, but once in a while I like to believe in that thing called destiny.”
“Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”
“Don't stop believing in your dreams and never you stop working towards your goals for that dream of yours to come true.”
“Do not look down with disdain on what Christ spent so much to achieve for you.”
“Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.”
“The motive behind criticism often determines its validity. Those who care criticize where necessary. Those who envy criticize the moment they think that they have found a weak spot.”
“Whereever you end up;" Jack whispered into my ear."I wish you clear skies. Always”
“Life is good when you know that you were born for a reason—a good reason, for that matter. It does not matter what happens. The most important thing is that you were born to make an impact.”
“Classification and then reduction, the mind’s strongest weapon against conscience, if it wants to relieve your conscience to kill innocents, it would classify them within a group and include with them those who deserve death in its view, then reduce all the small details into generalities, and ignore them. As it will not fail a trick, to make the killing of children and women an inevitable necessity, towards a higher goal and a better world. Thus began the story of Baibars himself, nearly twenty years ago, when the extremist organization decided to classify the entire American people as one group, ignoring that the number of Muslims killed by Muslims themselves was many times greater than those killed because of American policies in the Middle East, and then decided that the destruction of their opponents in the Middle East. The destruction of the World Trade Center in Manhattan. Their minds reduced all the details; a child playing in his father’s office, a girl waiting for her mother’s return, a wife on the plane eager to meet her husband, their conscience did not hesitate for a moment to kill thousands of innocent people, for the sake of their ultimate goal. And so did America itself, when it decided to avenge its murderers, categorized, reduced, and shot everyone. Its pilots saw neither the children nor the families in the homes they were about to demolish over their heads. So did Hitler, Napoleon, Hulagu, and every serial killer known to mankind. It makes you like a pilot driving a plane, throwing a bomb over the houses, not seeing the trace of what it did on the ground, and if he carried it with his hand and walked in the streets, and watched the children, women, the innocent, who would fall dead from this bomb, he would not detonate it, but he only sees houses that look like matchboxes from the sky, general picture, no details. Satan’s most powerful weapon for controlling the mind, or the most powerful weapon of the mind to control us, and at some point, it masters it, to the point where it no longer needs to justify, reduce, or categorize anything, kill your opponents, and all their offspring, destroy them, burn them, leave none of them. Since many minds are tools in the hands of Satan, it can manipulate them as it wants. Since its working mechanisms have become known to him, Baibars decided, why not? Why do not we make them tools for good. He used Satan’s own style, manipulated everyone, and at times, reduced, but according to his laws, do not reduce the innocent. He is not afraid, he made his decision in the war, and whoever made this decision must bear the consequences of it. He wished time would go back a thousand or two thousand years and freeze there, where the wars between human beings were fought with swords and arrows, at that time, not many innocents fell, only soldiers who made their decision in advance to war, to kill, knowing that they might die. Everyone had the time and the ability to think, make decisions, and even escape. While today, most of the victims of wars do not make a decision, they pay with their lives without anyone asking them if they want to be part of this war at all. Cities are bombed and destroyed over the heads of their inhabitants, and most of them reject this war from the beginning. When someone detonates a bomb in a mall, he does not ask the victims of his bombing about their political stances, their religion, and even if they want to be part of this war, and so do the planes, they do not ask, and their victims have no opportunity to make a decision. As for him, Baibars, he made up his mind It is to fight in defense of those who did not have the opportunity to take it.”
“Leaders live by choice, not by accident.”
“Success is built on the foundation of overcoming obstacles and turning them into stepping stones.”
“There is no wealth like knowledge, no poverty like ignorance.”
“To those who abuse: the sin is yours, the crime is yours, and the shame is yours. To those who protect the perpetrators: blaming the victims only masks the evil within, making you as guilty as those who abuse. Stand up for the innocent or go down with the rest.”
“Nothing but a symbol? People die for symbols. People have hope because of symbols. They're not just lines. They're histories, cultures, traditions, given shape.”
“You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.”
“A positive man makes an airplane, while a negative man makes a parachute.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!”
“I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours..”
“Be grateful, reflect on God's goodness.”
“Every birth takes time, yet we celebrate it for a moment. But death is just a second and leaves us with a lasting pain that no one can ever be familiar with.”
“There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.”
“A cord that remains, always. in many ways ”
“The single most powerful element of youth is that you don't have the life experiences to know what can't be done.”
“Those who might be tempted to give way to despair should realize that nothing accomplished in this order can ever be lost, that confusion, error and darkness can win the day only apparently and in a purely ephemeral way, that all partial and transitory disequilibrium must perforce contribute towards the greater equilibrium of the whole, and that nothing can ultimately prevail against the power of truth.”
“You only need one man to love you. But him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. Only one man and all of this.”
“Motivation gets us started, determination gets us going and discipline gets us to the finish line”
“i was so woried about wat i woud become in the future that i didnt realize i can be anything i want to be right now”
“Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself.”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one   quitting!”
“The Comfort Zone is a place where you feel safe and at ease, without stress. It’s where you can be fully yourself without feeling threatened. It’s your inner home, your sanctuary.”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.”
“Stress is like a storm, quietly building. If I can remain calm, I quiet the storm.”
“Forgiveness not clear the air between you and your enermy only it healthier you physical and spiritual.”
“When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.”
“If you don't like hard work, get used to mediocrity.”
“There's two kinds of women--those you write poems about and those you don't.”
“The reason behind Pain is the gap between your reality and expectations.”
“When the right people walk into your life, the right things start to happen.”
“Man is part of the mystery he tries to solve.”
“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you ensure that your essential goals, those that stir from your very essence, remain uncorrupted by a million other, lesser goals that constantly vie for your attention.”
“In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.”
“Finding one important thing in your life doesn’t mean you have to give up all the other important things.”
“I will be who I choose to be”
“I smile, For the universe speaks to me in its own ways”
“Being creative, in any form, gives magical powers to an individual. One transforms from being just a person to being a creator.”
“When living an unbullshitafied life, you tend to attract the strong and offend the weak. Just do your thing.”
“Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.”
“It is great to celebrate birthday, but you know what is the greatest?, is to remember our mother who sacrified to gave us birth”
“To finish race strong eat healthy food physical and spiritual.That means you can't prepare your body and spirit by quitting food ,eat healthy in a right time before run the race cause you need stamina (100% healthy) before for doing it.”
“Try to create something that is not humanly possible”
“If you believe in destiny and its special magic, do not ever feel that the pain you carry is going to become real.”
“Love & pride don't mix.”
“And if my heart be scarred and burned, The safer, I, for all I learned.”
“Strong people are the ones who can smile for others’ happiness.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Destiny is a name often given in retrospect to choices that had dramatic consequences.”
“Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.”
“Laughter is good for both the body and the soul.”
“Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?”
“Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.”
“Don’t waste time waiting for inspiration. Begin, and inspiration will find you.”
“Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it ”
“By reaching your goal means Grow to some level and tell show you how brave and strong you're.not give you a permition for being bossy to others.”
“I’m not aspiring to be someone else – If I’m me for the rest of my life then so be it”
“If it's not difficult, if it's not challenging, if it's not going to demand the most from me, if it's not practically impossible to achieve, please don't call me.”
“Time puts everything in its proper place and whatever is misplaced is already on the way to where it belongs.”
“Every great goal, every feat comes from the very first power of self belief. A man who doubts himself and his potentials can not expect others to believe him.”
“It is beautiful to discover our wings and learn how to fly; flight is a beautiful process. But then to rest on the wings of God as He flies: this is divine.”
“Limitations are style if you make them so.”
“Andrei avoided the internet as well and this evasion only added to his gloom. He loved music, especially old songs, and he loved movies, of all sorts. If he had the patience, sometimes he would read. While most of the pages he turned bored him to sleep, certain books with certain lines disarranged him. Some literature brought him to his feet, laughing and howling in his room. When the book was right, it was bliss and he wept. His room hushed with serenity and indebtedness. When he turned to his computer, however, or took out his phone, he would inevitably come across a viral trend or video that took the art he loved and turned it into a joke. The internet, in Andrei’s desperate eyes, managed to make fun of everything serious. And if one did not laugh, they were not intelligent. The internet could not be slowed and no protest to criticize its exploitation of art could be made because recreations of art hid perfectly under the veneer of mockery and was thus, impenetrable. It was easy to use Chopin’s ‘Sonata No. 2’ for a quick laugh, to reduce the ‘Funeral March’ to background music. It was a sneaky way for a digital creator to be considered an artist—and parodying the classics made them appear cleverer than the original artist. Meanwhile, Andrei’s body had healed playing Chopin alone in his apartment. He would frailly replay movie moments, too, that he later found the world edited and ripped apart with its cheap teeth. And everyone ate the internet’s crumbs. This cruel derision was impossible to escape. But enough jokes, memes, and glam over someone’s precious source of life would eventually make a sensitive body numb. And Andrei was afraid of that. He needed his fountain of hope unblemished. For this reason, he escaped the internet’s claws and only surrendered to it for e-mails, navigation, and the weather.”
“And what, incidentally, do you think integrity is? The ability not to pick a watch out of your neighbor's pocket? No, it's not as easy as that. If that were all, I'd say ninety-five percent of humanity were honest, upright men. Only, as you can see, they aren't. Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea.”
“I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.”
“Hope is the anchor of the soul; keep it strong, and it will keep you steady.”
“Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!”
“The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!”
“My experiences have taught me that things rarely improve with a simple change of scenery.”
“Our time is limited, but can manifest itself with what we can do.”
“If you have to hurt other people in order to feel powerful, you are an extremely weak individual.”
“You are all the colours in one, at full brightness.”
“Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.”
“The best way to solve a problem is to prevent it.”
“Grief does not kill the light it reveals it ..Agony does not kill the ecstasy .it unfolds it  Dark does not extinguish the Dawn it unwinds it ..”
“You have to changed, before you will replace.”
“We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later”
“Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.”
“My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.”
“You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.”
“I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.”
“True leaders have an unwavering commitment to their mission, no matter how insurmountable the odds may seem. They are selfless and determined, and they understand that through perseverance, nothing is impossible.”
“Either it shall pass or you will get used to it.”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Inspiration is what keeps us well.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”
“A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.”
“If all the people who were called "crazy" started acting "normal", we'd probably still be living in caves.”
“Distract yourself from the negativity and that negativity will immediately become powerless”
“My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.”
“Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.”
“Talking about God, Abraham Lincoln once said, "I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go. My own wisdom and that of all about me seemed insufficient for that day.”
“She who empowers women to achieve great success from small beginnings. Her goal is to help other women, because she is an incredibly successful woman.”
“I write only when inspiration strikes. Fortunately it strikes every morning at nine o'clock sharp.”
“I am headed to create classical moments, so that my son can have classic memories.”
“When we embrace who we are the world embraces us right back.”
“A wise person keeps the faith and remains hopeful despite the dissemination of stupidity that surrounds them.”
“First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.”
“For, what is order without common sense, but Bedlam’s front parlor? What is imagination without common sense, but the aspiration to out-dandy Beau Brummell with nothing but a bit of faded muslin and a limp cravat? What is Creation without common sense, but a scandalous thing without form or function, like a matron with half a dozen unattached daughters? And God looked upon the Creation in all its delightful multiplicity, and saw that, all in all, it was quite Amiable.”
“Yoga is my saving grace.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“NEVER be surprised by your own success!”
“Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action .no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!”
“Normalness leads to sadness.”
“Empathy is the language of the blind who can see, and compassion is the music of the deaf who can hear.”
“Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.”
“Your success is your responsibility, nobody else's.”
“True prayer, true peace.”
“Look, knowing is overrated. When we assume we know something, we don’t venture any further, dig deeper, or ask questions. When we’re married to ‘knowing,’ we overlook curiosity. Curiosity is where it’s at!”
“Busyness draws more emotional energy from our reserves than it fills back.”
“Creative thinking encompassed by the Word of God infuses into you the divine ability to turn the seemingly ugly situation around.”
“It's not about finding ways to avoid God's judgment and feeling like a failure if you don't do everything perfectly. It's about fully experiencing God's love and letting it perfect you. It's not about being somebody you are not. It's about becoming who you really are.”
“Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.”
“As with all other aspects of the narrative art, you will improve with practice, but practice will never make you perfect. Why should it? What fun would that be?”
“As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.”
“Excellence doesn't just happen. Its a practise.”
“Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.”
“A.D.A.P.T. — Always Do All Possible Things.”
“It is our attitude towards our decisions that decides our fate, not the nature of our decisions.”
“The function of freedom is to free someone else.”
“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”
“So let me ask you, how much are you willing to lose before you act? Sadly, I am not proud to say I was willing to lose a lot.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“If you take on a challenge and really commit to it, you'll find that it's not just about that one thing - it will create new habits, skills and behaviors that can be applied in other parts of your life.”
“It's the people who never learn the word impossible who make history, because they're the ones who keep trying.”
“Once you feel nice about yourself, you have planted the first seed to develop self-confidence.”
“Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.”
“Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.”
“Is it true, O Christ in heaven, that the highest suffer the most? That the strongest wander furthest and most hopelessly are lost? That the mark of rank in nature is capacity for pain? That the anguish of the singer makes the sweetness of the strain?”
“Living a daring life is zealous pursuit.”
“It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.”
“We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.”
“What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.”
“The frustration of the customer grows exponentially. It’s best resolved at the bottom of the curve.”
“Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.”
“People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.”
“A path is only a path, and there is no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you . . . Look at every path closely and deliberately. Try it as many times as you think necessary. Then ask yourself alone, one question . . . Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't it is of no use.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“Remember, the darkest nights produce the brightest stars. Embrace your struggle and let your light shine.”
“Anger was the indulgence of a child, not a queen.”
“If the truth considered your feelings, then it must consider the feelings of all living creatures ~Peter Ojo”
“Don't play to compete. Play to have fun.”
“There's a land somewhere out there, beyond ours, beyond stars, beyond the sun;And the clouds that you see floating in the blue sky are only the floor I walk barefoot on  -Emit Eht”
“Changing the world starts with you”
“Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter”
“It Hurts It Kills It Teaches  It Thrills “IT” Is LIFE !”
“Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue what you want.”
“They laugh at me because I'm different; I laugh at them because they're all the same.”
“I get a different view of this world. I look at the stars! -Emit Eht”
“Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.”
“The decisions I made after that moment were not the ones she would have made. They were the choices of a changed person, a new self. You could call this selfhood many things. Transformation. Metamorphosis. Falsity. Betrayal. I call it an education”
“Locating friendship at the heart of mission involves certain assumptions -- that reconciliation with God is something for which every human being is made and relationships are reciprocal.”
“If tears can relieve your pains, then cry. If yelling loudly can relieve your pains, then yell. Don't bottle up your emotions, let it out and free your mind.”
“Dear Superwoman, You are not a failure. You just happened to fall. You can still rise like never before.”
“Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.”
“Blessed are the weird people: poets, misfits, writers mystics, painters, troubadours for they teach us to see the world through different eyes.”
“YOU are the magic code that unlocks your happiness.”
“Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.”
“Failure is not an obstacle; it's a necessity.”
“Whenever a man cowers, he loses his inner peace, diminishes himself before himself, and makes the oppressor gigantic.”
“Recognition of our wrongdoings must be accompanied by a sense of urgency.”
“Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take.”
“Be real, rare, refreshing you! Fan the flames of self love and ignite your light!”
“Don't waste your time living the life of someone else.”
“Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.”
“I don't care about my enemies because my enemies care more about me”
“Without circumstances no courage could be developed.”
“Those who believe in it are the ones who find it”
“A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.”
“Faith can move mountains but love can move people to do greater things.”
“Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Say ‘please and thank you’. It really works in getting what you want.”
“If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.”
“We can readily observe the actions of today as stepping stones to mold our days to come.”
“What others think about you is none of your business.”
“I confess I do not know why, but looking at the stars always makes me dream.”
“Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other”
“External objects are not the ones that intertwine us. It’s the inner attachment that ties us in.”
“No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.”
“Like all rivers, they will eventually lead to the sea.”
“From "Wetness and Water" How does a part of the world leave the world? How can wetness leave water? Do not try to put out a fire by throwing on more fire. Do not wash a wound with blood. No matter how fast you run, your shadow more than keeps up. Sometimes it's in front. Only full, overhead sun diminishes your shadow. But that shadow has been serving you. What hurts you blesses you. Darkness is your candle. Your boundaries are your quest.”
“Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.”
“Nothing Comes Home You Have To Get OUT & Get IT~!”
“The curiosity of the mind will slowly fade away, if we do not continue to exercise it.”
“When life seems hard, work hard to overcome those hardships. Yes, it may take a while for the breakthroughs to come to pass, but when you do what you must and do it right, one day you will be super proud.”
“We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.”
“Many outsiders clarified that they believe Christians have a right (even an obligation) to pursue political involvement, but they disagree with our methods and our attitudes. They say we seem to be pursuing an agenda that benefits only ourselves; that we expect too much out of politics; they question whether we are motivated by our economic status rather than faith perspectives when we support conservative politics; they claim we act and say things in an unchristian manner; they wonder whether Jesus would use political power as we do; and they are concerned that we overpowered the voices of other groups.”
“Everything stinks till it’s finished.”
“I looked about me. Luminous points glowed in the darkness. Cigarettes punctuated the humble meditations of worn old clerks. I heard them talking to one another in murmurs and whispers. They talked about illness, money, shabby domestic cares. And suddenly I had a vision of the face of destiny. Old bureaucrat, my comrade, it is not you who are to blame. No one ever helped you to escape. You, like a termite, built your peace by blocking up with cement every chink and cranny through which the light might pierce. You rolled yourself up into a ball in your genteel security, in routine, in the stifling conventions of provincial life, raising a modest rampart against the winds and the tides and the stars. You have chosen not to be perturbed by great problems, having trouble enough to forget your own fate as a man. You are not the dweller upon an errant planet and do not ask yourself questions to which there are no answers. Nobody grasped you by the shoulder while there was still time. Now the clay of which you were shaped has dried and hardened, and naught in you will ever awaken the sleeping musician, the poet, the astronomer that possibly inhabited you in the beginning.”
“What is often required Is just a little courage To actually walk the road! Dead ends will always be there, But within you lights a lamp Which shall make you push and shove All the endings, Transforming them Into new beginnings!”
“Not every treasure is treasured in life. A diamond is meaningless in the hands of a monkey, but a banana is. So, do not lose courage when others ill-treat you regardless of your value. Some people do not know how to value valuable things. Hence, they will never care about you.”
“The purpose of this book is to show the creativity of God and to reveal that He has instilled that same imagination inside you too.”
“I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.”
“Every minute doing one thing is a minute not doing something else. Every choice is another choice not made another path grown over lost.”
“There are people who are waiting to be motivated by you.”
“You will be prodded, pushed. Tested. You will be bumped up against the Great Wall of Uncertainty again and again-the question on the tongue of the universe always the same-who are you?”
“Do what you love and you'll love what you do.”
“Children are our future. We teach them today; what will they do tomorrow?”
“Create the things you wish existed”
“I'm in the business of useless beauty," he says. "And I'm happy with that. " "I don't think art needs an excuse to exist. We need beauty in our lives, so we don't go mad.”
“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
“A smart woman thinks things through before she makes decisions. She is never controlled by emotions.”
“Just as the wind can be both gentle and fierce, life can be both beautiful and challenging.”
“Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.”
“When you feel that others are lacking and failing  . first assess the skill, style, quality, results, mindset, support, professionalism and spirit with which you yourself play the game.”
“If we educate ourselves sufficiently and realize the long-term health implications of unhealthy food choices, we will very readily pivot away from junk food.”
“A Special Prayer For Mothers To all the Mothers Who stand for what is right They work so hard Never let the weather dictate How they love their children Always there whenever needed Do what is best for loved ones Yes, they guide leaders on how to reign Cry out to God to save future generations As they plead for true liberation A reliable source of inspiration Not ordinary humans But special women Whom we call Moms Fighters of hunger Seekers of wellbeing Promoters of longevity Providers of stability Pioneers of societies Pillars of many countries Teachers of morals and values We pray for their blessings And breakthroughs in all they do! This is our special prayer for Mothers”
“Be an influencer to avoid being influenced that will measure your strength.”
“There are years that ask questions and years that answer.”
“You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.”
“be it peace or happiness let it enfold you”
“Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.”
“I'm not afraid of dying. I'm afraid I'll never get a chance to live!”
“There is no new education like experience.”
“It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“Before I go," he said, and paused -- "I may kiss her?" It was remembered afterwards that when he bent down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words. The child, who was nearest to him, told them afterwards, and told her grandchildren when she was a handsome old lady, that she heard him say, "A life you love.”
“Every great movement of God can be traced to a kneeling figure.”
“You dream of a new world to come, a new world to be birthed, a new dream to be dreamt. In the dream, a flower grows, a lotus from which the creator and the creation will unfold. From which light will begin to shine upon this vast dark sea, unveiling all the magic sleeping within. From this flower, infinite worlds and universes will be born. Each will contain a seed of light. And these seeds will light the heavens for all to guide their journeys by.”
“Transcendent, magical romance happens when you’re one hundred percent present for each other as #supersoul lovers.”
“Don't care about ,who laugh on you.. Care about those who caring about you..”
“Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.”
“People develop at different paces at different life stages. Many of us are late bloomers. Bill Gates? Steve Jobs? Ray Kroc? Sim Wong Hoo? These are famous personalities who have made it big in life despite not having a university degree. They made many mistakes but they did not give up. They worked hard. They persevered. Each and every one of us are born with unique strengths and talents. When someone is not good in academic studies, it does not mean that he is also not good in other areas. And so, in my opinion, academic grades are just one way of measuring a person's ability or knowledgeability.”
“Silence and Smile: Those are two powerful weapons.”
“Accept your greatness; you have tremendous things to achieve that will leave you gracious.”
“Love your neighbor as yourself not because you benefit from them but because you care enough for others as you care for yourself.”
“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”
“If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.”
“You fall because you are human, and rise because you are divine.”
“Spend more time doing things that make you forget about the time.”
“With a lump forming in his throat, he thought about all the hopes and dreams that he had for his son. More than anything, he prayed his boy would not grow up to be a screw up like his dad when it came to love and marriage.”
“Always ask yourself: "What will happen if I say nothing?”
“Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.”
“People are often unreasonable, illogical and self-centered. Forgive them anyway. If you are kind, people may accuse you of selfish, ulterior motives. Be kind anyway. If you are successful, you will win some false friends and some true enemies. Succeed anyway. If you are honest and frank, people may cheat you. Be honest and frank anyway. What you spend years building, someone could destroy overnight. Build anyway. If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous. Be happy anyway. The good you do today, people will often forget tomorrow. Do good anyway. Give the world the best you have, and it may never be enough. Give your best anyway. You see, in the final analysis, it is between you and your God. It was never between you and them anyway.”
“We have also learned that we're much more driven by all kinds of intangible, emotional forces: the need to be recognized and to feel ownership; to feel a sense of accomplishment; to find the security of a long-term commitment and a sense of shared purpose. We want to feel as if our labor and lives matter in some way, even after death.”
“Find your flow, trust in yourself, and let your passion guide you towards the life you've always dreamed of.”
“A perfect traveller who, as it flows, overcomes all obstacles. It cuts through the rock, flows through the meadows, crosses the dense forest, clears all the dirt in its path, and sets off on its own wonderful adventure.”
“Those times when you get up early and you work hard; those times when you stay up late and you work hard; those times when you don’t feel like working, you’re too tired, you don’t want to push yourself, but you do it anyway; that is actually the dream. That’s the dream. It’s not the destination, it’s the journey.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“When things go bad, don't go with them.”
“When man takes a good look and understands that everyone is engaged only in their own welfare, then he alone well starts engaging himself with full of interest to take his life to a higher and better level.”
“Living with schizophrenia requires immense courage and resilience, as we navigate a world that may not always understand or accept us. But let us remember that our experiences and perspectives are valid, and that our journey has the potential to inspire and empower others.”
“Freedom is not for the cowards and the weak. It must be defended wherever it resides. Defended by all that seek it's enduring existence.”
“Light is more important than the lantern, The poem more important than the notebook”
“The advice I like to give young artists, or really anybody who'll listen to me, is not to wait around for inspiration. Inspiration is for amateurs; the rest of us just show up and get to work. If you wait around for the clouds to part and a bolt of lightning to strike you in the brain, you are not going to make an awful lot of work. All the best ideas come out of the process; they come out of the work itself. Things occur to you. If you're sitting around trying to dream up a great art idea, you can sit there a long time before anything happens. But if you just get to work, something will occur to you and something else will occur to you and something else that you reject will push you in another direction. Inspiration is absolutely unnecessary and somehow deceptive. You feel like you need this great idea before you can get down to work, and I find that's almost never the case.”
“Who decided being eighteen years old was the perfect time to make this kind of decision, anyway?”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Endings and Beginnings: Wherever you may find yourself- on the edge of a sunset, on the beams of a sunrise, Balance is knowing when to hold on, and when to let go. What ends, be it painfully or peacefully, is just a preparation for something new; A rebirth, the magical seeds of a fresh perspective coming forth We are all a story of endings and beginnings; a complexion of ego and soul, love and pain, flowers and vines, fire and water, earth and air. So don't fear what falls away. Beyond, in unseen places from far out traces, there is something more wondrous in preparation to come your way. Darling one, A heartbeat, the destiny of a new beginning is far too enticing to ever fear an ending”
“Make the effort to work on yourself. No one will work on yourself for you”
“Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.”
“If you are tired of doing the work. You are tired of winning.”
“Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.”
“You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve," said Aslan. "And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth. Be content.”
“God promises, therefore, he can performs.”
“And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.”
“You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.”
“The power of a writer is that he is a god of sorts. He can create his own worlds and populate them with his own people, all by the powers of his imagination. It's the closest a man can come close to the gods. No wonder the most successful writers are considered immortals”
“MOTIVATE - FORWARD THINK “When you step up for yourself, that doesn’t mean you step on anyone else”. – A.H. Scott 1/13/17 #motivation #inspiration #quotes #possibility #dreams #faith #strive #motion”
“Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”
“We humans always feel solitariness, trouble, and much more and always have a tough time coping with it. In my case, I wrote dilemmas down and could see answers in me. That’s how it grew. I want people around me to make their dreams come true, not to withdraw. I want them to smile at little things than being agitated. I want their heart to engulf in positivity, not to give up. I want them to be in euphoria, for being alive and blessed. I want them to cope up with their difficult times with a splendid grin.”
“In life, some questions do not require you to get answers from outside. They need you to search on the inside.”
“We learn best when we care about what we are doing, when we have choices. We learn best when the work has meaning to us, when it matters. We learn best when we are using our hands and our minds.We learn best when the work we are doing is real and relevant.”
“Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.”
“Prayer is the mortar that holds our house together.”
“Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave like him, react like him as well.”
“There are few sources of energy so powerful as a procrastinating college student.”
“Writing is like sculpturing words out of a block of imagination. Sentences chisel the story, then characters make it their own.”
“This is not about public speaking. Public speaking is a middle-aged white guy standing in front of a podium, telling you details you don’t need to know about a topic you’re not all that interested in. He thinks he’s funny. His mustache is funny. This is about finding your voice and using it fearlessly.”
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.”
“Take control. Take steps. Do more stuff. Positive stuff. Exciting stuff. Transform yourself. Change locations if you have to. Liberate yourself. Do whatever needs to be done, whatever it takes to be free as a bird.”
“If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.”
“To the poet, Silence sings ”
“I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it. Thank you for the day and for the hour, and the minute. ”
“I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.”
“The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.”
“The healing man left me a wee bit broken so I could understand”—he looked back at his friends—“Kai and Tilly, Roe, Reece, and Jed. And dozens o’ others. When a sufferin’ creature shows up at me cottage, I get to help ’em and bring ’em here. Show ’em the way up the mountain. Fact is, they probably wouldn’t listen to me if I didn’t have this wooden stump. It’s proof that I’ve suffered too.”
“An inspirational woman inspires change and that is what makes this world so great.”
“Senor Sempere believed that God lives, to a smaller or greater extent, in books, and that is why he devoted his life to sharing them, to protecting them, and to making sure their pages, like our memories and our desires, are never lost.”
“If someone else can do it, why can't you?”
“and here you are living despite it all”
“I think life is beautiful no matter what anyone else says. They criticize the rainbow too, don’t they?”
“An idea has more potential than any theory, plan or quantity of knowledge. You should never underestimate your dreams and the ideas that form around them. But more importantly, you shouldn't waste any time making them a reality. Others may not agree with your ideas, they may not trust your ideas, and they may even think that it is foolish to follow your dreams, but they don't have to trust something they can't see. Each person is gifted with the dreams that match the soul attracting them and according to the nature of the spiritual path in which one is found, therefore any dream you have is within your reach, and may never be within the reach or the beliefs of others, not even when you fulfill them. When people don't trust your capacities to achieve something, they will also rationalize reasons and excuses after you demonstrate your intent and potential. If you are poor, they may say you can't be rich, and once you are rich, they will try to dissuade you from what you do, with insinuations, insults, and threats. The most common question a rich person is asked, is if he is paying taxes. It is foolish to try to explain anything to those people. I've seen it my entire life, because I have succeeded in many areas where everyone told me I would never succeed. Once you win, they downgrade your achievements with ridiculous theories, or they will simply call you lucky. You can't win in an argument with a fool, because fools are very creative in their own art of denying the being of others. They see the world as they see themselves, as just objects, empty vessels, reflections of the illusions of the outside world. In martial arts, if you beat taller and stronger opponents, they don't say you are a better fighter. They will select one of your movements or techniques as the cause, and then dissociate you from the movement or technique, and say that you won because you cheat in the fighting rules. In music, if you succeed against the best in the world, people won't say you are better than them, but dissociate you from your music and say that you got awarded because you are different in a strange way, or because you competed in a special moment. If you succeed as a writer, people won't say you are a good writer, but instead dissociate you from your books, and say that you invent things and have a big imagination, which is a covert way of calling you a "good liar", thus insulting you under the pretense of giving compliments, or they will say that you stole the knowledge from others, in order to morally place themselves above you and your work, and they may even say that you have a special trick, like taking knowledge from the air, from some imaginary records in the ether, or from demonic spirits. People say different things when dissociating you from your potential, work and achievements, all of which are simply various forms of disrespecting someone. They deny you of your potential to be yourself. And among the various forms of disrespect, making one feel guilty for being himself is probably the worse, reason why you'll find the most disgusting people of them all inside religious organizations. "God won't like it", "You have a problem with your ego", and "The devil is tempting you", are among the most common and imbecile things you will ever hear as an artist, as a person who loves to read and acquire knowledge, and above anything, as a true spiritual being thriving in self-development and a natural curiosity for life. For all these reasons, the requirements and the real theories for success will never be found in any popular book. Nobody wants to know that you only win when you stop burning yourself to make others warm. And when you understand this, people will dissociate you from your focus and discipline, and call you selfish, and they will call the person who guided you in this path of real success evil. They will then do their best to destroy the reputation of both of you to deny their own fault , ignorance and lies.”
“Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.”
“Despite the vast complexity of the human brain, we are still susceptible to the more animalistic nature that exists within each of us.”
“Keep going, keep going.”
“Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.”
“I was no longer a child willing to drift with the ride - I would steer against the current if I had to. and if I won, by some miraculous stroke of luck, I would never be helpless again.”
“The greatest stories aren’t always written. They’re plucked from the everyday lives of ordinary people.”
“He was like, 'You can do whatever you want in life, but reality hits hard'. You know what I told him? I said, 'Well, I would love to get hit by reality, hard.' He laughed. I said, 'Because if I don't, if I hide from what I want under the assumption that reality is against me, then one day I'll be old and grey and I'll look back at a time when I thought I had everything to lose and all of a sudden, I'll see everything that I had to gain instead of everything I was afraid to lose. So, no matter what, I'm going to try. If I fail, you all can laugh at me.' I shrugged, 'But in the end, we all lose everything anyway.”
“IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.”
“Entertainment is often just a cheap way to quench our natural thirst for meaning by encouraging us to exercise passivity when we ought to act with passion.”
“Sacrfice," the captain said. "You made one. I made one. We all made them. But you were angry over yours. You kept thinking about what you lost. You didn't get it. Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to.”
“I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.”
“Choose any sport or entertainment that stimulates your mind and body. At least, commit to one.”
“Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.”
“Thought I wanted overnight success, until I achieved it through hard work and the refusal to back down! What you earn, you keep.”
“Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.”
“What will you do now with the gift of your left life?”
“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“Every small step we take towards environmental conservation paves the way for a brighter, greener tomorrow.”
“Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others.”
“Only those who look with the eyes of children can lose themselves in the object of their wonder. ”
“You're the only one that can put pressure on yourself  No one else can put pressure on you. It's self-inflicted. For me, I just want to go out and play football.”
“Your healthy love for yourself is sexy!”
“The firmest friendships have been formed in mutual adversity, as iron is most strongly united by the fiercest flame”
“Well, now If little by little you stop loving me I shall stop loving you Little by little If suddenly you forget me Do not look for me For I shall already have forgotten you If you think it long and mad the wind of banners that passes through my life And you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have roots Remember That on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my arms And my roots will set off to seek another land”
“The progression of time is inevitable nor can it can it be controlled; but we can control what we do within the time available to us.”
“Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.”
“Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.”
“It is great to do what you love but greater with the great team.”
“One who is too relentless to listen to other people's views finds very few people who agree with him.”
“Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.”
“I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”
“And so I ask myself: 'Where are your dreams?' And I shake my head and mutter: 'How the years go by!' And I ask myself again: 'What have you done with those years? Where have you buried your best moments? Have you really lived? Look,' I say to myself, 'how cold it is becoming all over the world!' And more years will pass and behind them will creep grim isolation. Tottering senility will come hobbling, leaning on a crutch, and behind these will come unrelieved boredom and despair. The world of fancies will fade, dreams will wilt and die and fall like autumn leaves from the trees. . . .”
“Vulnerability has to happen for love to be real.”
“ there will be sleeping enough in the grave .”
“I feel like a millionaire on the back of an armored jet-ski my samurai girlfriend who loves me is charging at a cartel speedboat to win a game of chicken. Isn’t this the day’s best part? You don’t even have to remember to enjoy it. It enjoys you into itself.”
“Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!”
“But why think about that when all the golden lands ahead of you and all kinds of unforseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make you glad you're alive to see?”
“In what world To live? What love To give? Is it worthy? Or will it break My heart? Everyone Seems to be Secretly evil And to try To disguise The truth With lies; It’s disappointing But still I see Something different In you; I find hope And I fall In love”
“Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.”
“Competition is a rude yet effective motivation.”
“And that's when I understand that I have been stained. Whether I'm still in love with him, whether he was ever in love with me, and no matter who he's in love with now, Willem changed my life. He showed me how to get lost, and then I showed myself how to get found.”
“You have come to earth to entertain and to be entertained.”
“In a world so redolent with wonder, how can we allow ourselves to conduct our daily lives with so little insight, such absence of dignity?”
“A prayerful woman is always ready to face the enemy. She does not live in fear. She knows that, by faith, God will come through for her.”
“Real understanding starts when we begin to realize that trust moves the world.”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself ”
“There is only one all pervading God. It has only one message - Love all, encompass all and transcend the limits of the selfish gene.”
“This inner Being is all powerful, intelligent, indestructible and a storehouse of knowledge and wisdom. This inner core is truly who and what you are and is perpetually trying to connect with your outward self.”
“If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus.”
“Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. ”
“Unconditional love is the greatest gift we can ever give.”
“The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn”
“His chariot was stuck in a hole and wasn't moving any further. He sat on it and waited for someone to come and push it. When none did that, he got down and began pushing it by himself. Soon, a few people arrived around him and began pushing his chariot with him. Among them, one was the god himself.”
“Inspiration is direction - find clarity, take action, and move forward fearlessly.”
“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.”
“Be kind to other people  particularly, to those on whom your survival depends.”
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”
“Always keep your head held high.”
“ If you won't change the world for love, then what will you do it for ”
“There is no magic except that which lives within you!”
“Learn more about Yourself than others”
“The Maker will never mislead you.”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.”
“But still hope.”
“The distance between dreams and reality is called Fate”
“I'm like a butterfly that you held on to too tight Who's wings you snapped before they could take flight Who's spirit you crushed because you loved too harshly And I blamed you so much for my sadness oddly When you were just afraid  too afraid to lose me”
“Do not allow the gift of individuality to go to waste.”
“After all, we are the masters of our own happiness. For happiness ceases to exist when we rely on someone else for it.”
“Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.”
“Consider what really makes up your self-worth—like your caring heart or your ability to stand tall in the face of adversity”
“The tide can always turn in unknown time.”
“I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!”
“Hazel always used to say There's not enough darkness in the entire universe to snuff out the light of just one little candle.”
“But yield who will to their separation, My object in living is to unite My avocation and my vocation As my two eyes make one in sight.”
“Start from scratch grow with cash!”
“Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.”
“An author must comprehend that their purpose is not to write for sales or reviews but to motivate individuals and the upcoming generation. Sales and everything else will follow when the vision is kept in focus.”
“An inspiring vision is one you can see, feel, understand, and embrace.”
“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“To survive, Let the past Teach you-- Past customs, Struggles, Leaders and thinkers. Let These Help you. Let them inspire you, Warn you, Give you strength. But beware: God is Change. Past is past. What was Cannot Come again. To survive, know the past. Let it touch you. Then let The past Go.”
“Nature's secrets are simplicity and patience.”
“You deserve the best, so stop accepting less!”
“You want your people recruiting, especially your highest performers.”
“Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.”
“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”
“I am glad I have never experienced writer's block. Once I start, I can't stop. I won't even try to start, until I am motivated enough. Music always helps. I have a soundtrack for every book I've written. At least, one song per chapter.”
“Consider it: every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?”
“Remember you can fly but you'll sleep on the ground, never look other people down cause tomorrow you'll land on them.”
“The potter must do the work, but the clay must be at a soft enough state to be receptive to it.”
“At a basic level, your personal mission has to be rooted in the story of you, the sum of your life experiences, and what you want to achieve in the future. It is like a blueprint for your life that is filled with action verbs and themes that you associate with achieving a sense of abundance, and which extends beyond material resources.”
“Whatever happens in your life, please stay alive. I believe you can do it. Don't ever give up.”
“Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.”
“Today is the only day, Seize it!”
“I am who I am; no more, no less.”
“We never meet wrong people in life. Either they are the lessons or the blessings. We need both of them anyways…”
“Feel the Vibe ?”
“I think that if you have a horse, pegasus, qilin, or unicorn, you should sit on it! You should stroke its hair, whisper in its ear, be one with it! And you shouldn't feel sorry if other people don't have one.”
“When you act on your beliefs, the realisation that happens is caused by you and this will in turn lead to a consequence.”
“It is very important on how you start. Like ,How you start your day. How you start your year. How you start your conversation, friendship or relationship. How you start your business, party, group . How you start your journey, because winning in life is mostly determine by how you start or when you start.”
“It takes courage to let go of the past, but the ability to forget it is where true freedom is found.”
“Deep down in my heart l love people like to help them my life story heppen to meet with that I believe that it is my calling cause it makes me sleep peacefully and fix my spiritual hunger to hear that there's people who benefits on what I'm doing make me wake up in the morning and give me the reason of living my work is out there to help you Subscribe in my link to get it Now right in your inbox and shelf search it online, library shops books,social network Blog Post,FM radio Podcast as I mentioned above”
“I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.”
“To live long and achieve happiness, cultivate the art of radiating happiness.”
“Easy things do not call us to great action, because they are too easy to require great action.”
“Spread kindness, caring, and compassion and create your own paradise. Infuse it with joy and you’ve created heaven on earth.”
“Don't let your habits become handcuffs”
“Lest us piggyback off the inspiration of every lucky instant if we wish to light up the dim specks of our days and allay the thunderous crashing of destiny.( "Just for a moment")”
“It takes time to build a career and become industry savvy", Sim Ngezahayo”
“Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.”
“The privileges of the Nobles of the Sword are not democratic   Across the country, peasants have been burning crops and châteaux. If the King does not willingly change taxation, I fear commoners and peasants will force him.”
“Wheareas courage allows us to look at our fears, confidence allows us to walk through them even when we're scared.”
“It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but that you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.”
“Life is too short to be fighting for what is not rightfully yours.”
“The past is still living in the present but only as a memory. Somehow memories sustain themselves for when all else dies, memories come out as the survivors.They are the legacies of yesterday ”
“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”
“Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.”
“Conversation with a Butterfly: You see one day I was sitting on the porch all to myself, Contemplating on what to do, I had no money, no wealth, That's when I saw a butterfly come down from the sky, With wings so beautiful, so pleasant to the eye, I wanted to touch them, but I thought twice, I knew my fingerprint alone could create just a slight, Unevenness in her weight, which would surely affect her flight, I told the butterfly that she was lovely and brought me some cheer, But it would soon leave when she disappeared, You see I wish I could soar, and have wings such as yours, I wish I could be as wealthy as she is beautiful and so much more, The butterfly just looked with a tear in her eye, I wasn't always this beautiful and I am at the end of my life, This is just the reward of a long struggle, I never gave up and now I am humble, I never complained about where God placed me, You see he gave me struggles and doors placed just for me, I knew that I couldn't have what others had so I focused on my own, I never gave up and now others envy me alone, Not knowing what I had to go through for the finished product, I just hung true to my faith and that for me was enough, So don't get stuck in my life because you don't know it, Work your process and the end result will show it, That you and I are the same, See you are a butterfly, just by a different name,”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“Dear Superwoman, When they turn their backs on you, turn to God. He will never turn His back on you.”
“Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.”
“A man is born gentle and weak; at his death he is hard and stiff. All things, including the grass and trees, are soft and pliable in life; dry and brittle in death. Stiffness is thus a companion of death; flexibility a companion of life. An army that cannot yield will be defeated. A tree that cannot bend will crack in the wind. The hard and stiff will be broken; the soft and supple will prevail.”
“Until a child that has issues with learning is diagnosed by "an expert" as having a learning disability, nothing is wrong with that child except that his motivation and feelings about the said "learning" is inadequate.”
“In the delicate dance of life, let your footsteps be guided by courage and audacity. Embrace the symphony of risks, for within their embrace lies the essence of growth and discovery. Unveil your authentic self, for it is in the radiance of your uniqueness that the world finds its inspiration, and you find your truest fulfillment.”
“Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.”
“Be proud and stand tall; Ain't no one living your life.”
“For a whole fortnight my mind and my fingers have been working around me like two lost souls. Homer, the Bible, Plato, Locke, Byron, Hugo, Lamertine, Chateaubriand, Beethoven, Bach, Hummel, Mozart, Weber are all around me. I study them, meditate on them, devour them with fury; besides this, I practise four to five hours a day of exercises (thirds, sixths, octaves, tremolos, repetition of notes, cadenzas, etc.). Ah! provided I don't go mad you will find me an artist!”
“I pray, before I die, that I receive the power to believe in fairytales again, Oh' how I would love to laugh and know that God laughed with me.”
“You don't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great.”
“hope rises after letting go”
“the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.”
“Blessings! Count them and be thankful. Ask for an abundance of them and accept with gratitude.”
“I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
“Motivation doesn't work unless your determination is up to the mark”
“Failing can ultimately be way more rewarding than succeeding.”
“Inspiration is the fuel, and language is the spark that sets the fire of creativity ablaze.”
“People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life. I don’t think that’s what we’re really seeking. I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.”
“You are the source of happiness.”
“We live for our time We do the deeds That change our world today We are the people of the present And now is what we say.” —From the poem ‘Our Time”
“Life happens so we can become what we need to become.”
“If you’re honest with yourself as a writer, trying to tell the best story you can, your story will be an honest one. And your values will come out, no matter how hard you try to disguise them.”
“Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.”
“it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.”
“Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when " and you can't say "I will be peaceful when " Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.”
“Life's too short to play small with your talents. “You were born into the opportunity as well as the responsibility to become legendary. You’ve been built to achieve masterwork-level projects, designed to realize unusually important pursuits and constructed to be a force for good on this tiny planet. You have it in you to reclaim sovereignty over your primal greatness in a civilization that has become fairly uncivilized. To restore your nobility in a global community where the majority shops for nice shoes and acquires expensive things yet rarely invests in a better self. Your personal leadership requires—no, demands—that you stop being a cyber-zombie relentlessly attracted to digital devices and restructure your life to model mastery, exemplify decency and relinquish the self-centeredness that keeps good people limited. The great women and men of the world were all givers, not takers. Renounce the common delusion that those who accumulate the most win. Instead, do work that is heroic—that staggers your marketplace by the quality of its originality as well as from the helpfulness it provides. While you do so, my recommendation is that you also create a private life strong in ethics, rich with marvelous beauty and unyielding when it comes to the protection of your inner peace. This, my friends, is how you soar with the angels. And walk alongside the gods.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Evolution converts today’s perfections into obsolescence tomorrow. ”
“It's total bullshit," he said. "The whole thing. Eighty percent survival rate and he's in the twenty percent? Bullshit. He was such a bright kid. It's bullshit. I hate it. But it was sure a privilege to love him, huh?”
“Keep me up till five because all your stars are out, and for no other reason…Oh dare to do it Buddy! Trust your heart. You’re a deserving craftsman. It would never betray you. Good night. I’m feeling very much over-excited now, and a little dramatic, but I think I’d give almost anything on earth to see you writing a something, an anything, a poem, a tree, that was really and truly after your own heart.”
“How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.”
“The first step to success it's to imagine it”
“Look deep within. You will find everything you seek.”
“Set aside today’s luxuries to fuel the luxuries of the future.”
“Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.”
“Sometimes what seems like a destination is actually a bridge to a new chapter.”
“A Decalogue of Canons for Observation in Practical Life: 1. Never put off to tomorrow what you can do to-day. 2. Never trouble another with what you can do yourself. 3. Never spend your money before you have it. 4. Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you. 5. Take care of your cents: Dollars will take care of themselves. 6. Pride costs us more than hunger, thirst and cold. 7. We never repent of having eat too little. 8. Nothing is troublesome that one does willingly. 9. How much pain have cost us the evils which have never happened. 10. Take things always by their smooth handle. 11. Think as you please, and so let others, and you will have no disputes. 12. When angry, count 10. before you speak; if very angry, 100.”
“Maybe prayer isn't just SOMEthing we can do in certain situations. Maybe it's the BEST thing.”
“Your inner strength is your outer foundation”
“Moods can be contagious. Don't catch or spread a bad mood.”
“Yeu only live once. No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.”
“There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.”
“To merge on the road you are meant to travel, means making a choice and then taking action.”
“Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.”
“Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.”
“If you can't be honest with your friends and colleagues and loved ones, then what is life all about?”
“God has prepared for Himself one great song of praise throughout eternity, and those who enter the community of God join in this song. It is the song that the “morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy” at the creation of the world. (Job 38:7). It is the victory song of the children of Israel after passing through the Red Sea, the Magnificat of Mary after the annunciation, the song of Paul and Silas in the night of prison, the song of the singers on the sea of glass after their rescue, the “song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb” (Rev. 15:3) It is the song of the heavenly fellowship.”
“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
“Don't just make money, impact lives positively. Because when you die, somebody else will claim your property but your impact will remain for a very long time.”
“It's never about what you already know, it's always about what you can learn.”
“Not only are we all unique, we're also all connected. Therefore, it makes no sense that you could ever be rejected. Everything and everyone, including you and I, are made up of the magic from the stars in the sky. No one is less than, no one is more, we are all exactly the same at the core.”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“What if not just women, but both men and women, worked smart, more flexible schedules? What if the workplace itself was more fluid than the rigid and narrow ladder to success of the ideal worker? And what if both men and women became responsible for raising children and managing the home, sharing work, love, and play? Could everyone then live whole lives?”
“Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Life is not compassionate towards victims. The trick is not to see yourself as one. It's never too late! I know I've felt like the victim in various situations in my life, but, it's never too late for me to realize that it's my responsibility to stand on victorious ground and know that whatever it is I'm experiencing or going through, those are just the clouds rolling by while I stand here on the top of this mountain! This mountain called Victory! The clouds will come and the clouds will go, but the truth is that I'm high up here on this mountaintop that reaches into the sky! I am a victor. I didn't climb up the mountain, I was born on top of it!”
“Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.”
“It is not needful for our dreams to be very grand nor very big. It is only needful for our dreams to be very shiny.”
“The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today”
“If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.”
“Get in touch with your passion and put it to work at work.”
“What we love determines what we seek. What we seek determines what we think and do. What we think and do determines who we are — and who we will become.”
“I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.”
“I've been through all the hard times in my life, so if you think I can't be alone in hell you're wrong”
“Forgive me for being so ordinary while claiming to know so extraordinary a God.”
“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
“Not all soldiers wield spears.”
“What is more yours than what always holds you back?”
“It is always easier to blame Satan for our own deeds.”
“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.”
“I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now Come further up, come further in!”
“Just because you can doesn't mean you should.”
“We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change.”
“Life is not about perfection. It's about persistence.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.”
“He who hesitates is usually fucked!”
“When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
“There’s nothing more inspiring than a person’s courage to heal.”
“Optimists move through life with a happy exterior. What happens on the inside shows up on the outside.”
“We train the mind so that we can enjoy greater peace, happiness, wisdom & equanimity.”
“Living is a burden without the sweet life of love.”
“The linchpin for successful change is in the reward. The reward for a new routine has to be pleasurable, and it has to be quick. If the payoff takes too long to arrive or doesn’t feel good, odds are you won’t stick with it.”
“If disappointments from the past keep distracting you from moving forward in life, find better ways to overcome. Yes, disappointments will occur. Broken dreams will be real from time to time. But never, ever, ever, ever conclude your life based on your past. You can still prosper. Let go of your painful past. Do what sets your soul on fire and you will live a better life.”
“A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned”
“motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.”
“Micro-sized habit changes make problems more manageable and goals more attainable. You can do this anytime, anywhere for the low, low cost of totally free. There are no barriers to entry.”
“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.”
“Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.”
“Without experience, no wisdom is learnt.”
“At times, even a 90% compatibility rate ends in a breakup.”
“It's your own pace, race, and phase.”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.”
“To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.”
“When you control the supply of anxiety, your anger struggles for fuel and eventually turns the flame off.”
“surround yourself with people who make you feel safe”
“Do not do what you cannot continue to deliver. For, remember, the world wants to see a continuity of delivery of set standards !”
“Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.”
“To ‘give up’ on the idea of ‘giving up’ is the first step in ‘getting up.”
“Repent, be refreshed.”
“Peace is not so much a political mandate as it is a shared state of consciousness that remains elevated and intact only to the degree that those who value it volunteer their existence as living examples of the same  Peace ends with the unraveling of individual hope and the emergence of the will to worship violence as a healer of private and social dis-ease.”
“If every life is a river, then it's little wonder that we do not even notice the changes that occur until we are far out in the darkest sea. One day you look around and nothing is familiar, not even your own face. My name once meant daughter, grandaughter, friend, sister, beloved. Now those words mean only what their letters spell out; Star in the night sky. Truth in the darkness. I have crossed over to a place where I never thought I'd be. I am someone I would have never imagined. A secret. A dream. I am this, body and soul. Burn me. Drown me. Tell me lies. I will still be who I am.”
“The loss of love smells like all the sweetness of life slowly fades away.”
“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“May the energy of the day always call for celebration." Barbara Botch”
“The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write about it. ”
“Contrary to what we've been told, life is simple. We complicate matters with our choices.”
“If you are grateful for where you are, you have to respect the rode that got you there. We must appreciate all that we survive, the small, the medium and the monumental. Find gratitude in your life story. Wake up every morning and say to yourself I made it here from where I started and I am so proud of that. When we do this, we bless ourselves and feed ourselves with the love to flourish and keep going no matter where we come from or what we have been through.”
“Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)”
“Awakening The historical agonizing moments of hysteria mocking, left negative imprints into my tomorrow mourning, triggering constant anxiousness in the moment worrying, worrying about the past is not living for tomorrow, Awakening from historical trauma is moving forward to live for tomorrow. Facing tomorrow, must be living in the present day. Living at the moment, awakening begins. Feeling the moment awakening awakens. Awakening allows genuine moments to penetrate. Awakening creates new memories of the present time. Awakening aware of the past. Awakening is in the present. Awakening willing to be there for tomorrow. You have awakened from the past, living in present and preparing for tomorrow. You are well awaken living your life.”
“Your heart is the voice of Mother Nature. It’s the real mystic.”
“Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you hence the delusion necessary to push on.”
“Smile. Your smile can soften even the hardest hearts.”
“Each of us is full of shit in our own special way. We are all shitty little snowflakes dancing in the universe.”
“What candles are to cake; joy is to happiness.”
“Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.”
“You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.”
“And I told him, I said: "One day you're going to miss the subway because it's not going to come. One of these days, it's going to break down and it's not going to come around and everyone else will just wait for the next one or will take the bus, or walk, or run to the next station: they will go on with their lives. And you're not going to be able to go on with your life! You'll be standing there, in the subway station, staring at the tube. Why? Because you think that everything has to happen perfectly and on time and when you think it's going to happen! Well guess what! That's not how things happen! And you'll be the only one who's not going to be able to go on with life, just because your subway broke down. So you know what, you've got to let go, you've got to know that things don't happen the way you think they're going to happen, but that's okay, because there's always the bus, there's always the next station you can always take a cab.”
“You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.”
“There's no limit to what you can dream. You expect the unexpected, you believe in magic, in fairy tales, and in possibilities. Then you grow older and that innocence is shattered and somewhere along the way the reality of life gets in the way and you're hit by the realization that you can't be all you wanted to be, you just might have to settle for a little bit less.”
“Spirituality is life not abandonment”
“Melancholy is the enticing madness that evokes solitude and ecstasy as it is the song of a secluded sadness, a laughter veiling the falling rain .”
“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”
“I conclude therefore that, fortune being changeful and mankind steadfast in their ways, so long as the two are in agreement men are successful, but unsuccessful when they fall out. For my part I consider that it is better to be adventurous than cautious, because fortune is a woman, and if you wish to keep her under it is necessary to beat and ill-use her; and it is seen that she allows herself to be mastered by the adventurous rather than by those who go to work more coldly. She is, therefore, always, woman-like, a lover of young men, because they are less cautious, more violent, and with more audacity command her.”
“Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.”
“There are many types and kinds of vacation, but the core of the experience is always the same: the soul is awakened by it, transformed or exalted, so that instead of dreams and presentiments from within a summons comes from without. A portion of reality presents itself and makes its claim.”
“Some want to live within the sound Of church or chapel bell; I want to run a rescue shop, Within a yard of hell.”
“Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.”
“Being a senior doesn't automatically make one wise but the wise & foolish alike have things to teach us.”
“Always do what you are afraid to do.”
“Our sense of personal fulfillment is often in heavy alignment with what we derive enjoyment from.”
“A great deal of enjoyment and fulfillment can be found in ensuring we make progress in pursuing our core interests.”
“The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we’d like to be. And that sucks. But when you’re confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.”
“Push your boundaries, expand your frontiers, go higher than you have ever gone before. You don't want to get stuck in the mire of problems and difficulties from where you can't escape. If you're not pushing your boundaries further, you will stay stuck in your own-made swamp.”
“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
“When in phase of uncertainty, befriend yourself to a new discovery”
“We can become inspired to shape a higher, more ideal future, and when we do, miracles happen.”
“In the pull of unknown, I sense my thirst and so I wander the way wild winds do, the way tides long for the shores, the way the stars through darkness meander like the ships adrift at sea, the way robins flutter in the winds, the way the sea lulls itself to sleep and starlight lives in the deepest of my deeps .”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“Through you, through you, through you the magic works through you. Not beside you. Not around you. Not for you. Not despite you. But through you. You have to go there. You have to choose your stage. You have to do your dance. Putting yourself in place, to any degree that you can, even if it scares you, even when it's "hard," even if it's just your big toe. Stretch yourself, scoff at the odds, get the ball rolling so that the magic can then come alive and sweep you off your feet with its infinite grace and glory. You wouldn't just carry around the seeds for the garden of your dreams in your pocket, all the while asking where your flowers were? Nope, you'd have to brave the elements, you'd have to choose the location, and then you'd have to go there. Your life is your wand.”
“All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
“In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.”
“But men and women are different in the way that they feel loved. Men like to be admired for what they do, for their integrity and their accomplishments, whether it’s at work or at the gym or mowing the lawn, because it makes them feel manly. When a woman tells a man that she is proud of him, or she tells him that he did a good job, he’ll about bend over backwards to take care of her and love her.” “But women like attention from men, because it makes them feel feminine and adored. That’s why they’re always fixin’ themselves up, doing their hair, wearing pretty clothes and makeup and jewelry and perfume. It’s all to attract your attention, you know.” (Thelma Jenkins)”
“Open your eyes. See the sunrise. It is there to remind you that you still have another chance to rewrite the story of your life.”
“Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.”
“Stand firm in the Lord. Stand firm and let Him fight your battle. Do not try to fight alone.”
“Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?”
“Prayer is the only power for prevailing in all matters.”
“If wishes were fishes, we would all cast a net.”
“If you want to be proud of yourself, then do things in which you can take pride”
“His heart was as great as the world, but there was no room in it to hold the memory of a wrong”
“There’s a great joy in living a life others rarely understand.”
“You can't get first untill learn failures ”
“People who don't see you every day have a hard time understanding how on some days--good days--you can run three miles, but can barely walk across the parking lot on other days,' [my mom] said quietly.”
“That’s what being alive is, Thing! It’s being badly prepared for everything! Because you only get one chance, Thing!”
“These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.”
“A smile is the best makeup a girl could wear”
“Why be human when you can be a god?”
“You're not alone Together we stand I'll be by your side, you know I'll take your hand When it gets cold And it feels like the end There's no place to go You know I won't give in”
“Never quit on yourself.”
“You may be appalled by your world, but you must be gratefully appalled.”
“How satisfying it is to leave a mark on a blank surface. To make a map of my movement - no matter how temporary.”
“Never fear Love's absence in your life, because it already exists within you, in great abundance.”
“We must peel away the bitterness of life from time to time in order to reveal the richer aspects of life.”
“It is not feasible to influence our existence if we do not know what we wish to obtain from the world.”
“Silence is so steadfast, you know. It is so ample, after all.”
“Your inspiration taps hidden reserves of promise that sustain people through times that induce despair. You enable people to envision a future that sustains the best from their past while also holding out new possibilities.”
“Aim for what u want and the year will all make a sense.”
“You're water. We're the millstone. You're wind. We're dust blown up into shapes. You're spirit. We're the opening and closing of our hands. You're the clarity. We're the language that tries to say it. You're joy. We're all the different kinds of laughing.”
“If you always do what you always did, you will always do what you always did. -Emit Eht”
“For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terror which we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so, because it serenely disdains to destroy us. Every angel is terrible.”
“MANAGE YOUR MOOD: Name 1 thing that surprised you today Name 1 thing that moved you Name 1 thing that inspired you ”
“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
“Handle every situation and carry each weight with dignity". #LessonsFromMyFather”
“He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. ”
“Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.”
“Gossip is just a tool to distract people who have nothing better to do from feeling jealous of those few of us still remaining with noble hearts.”
“If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.”
“How do you mourn someone who turned out to be a total stranger?”
“But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things.”
“Sometimes we outgrow people or they outgrow us, and that's okay. Don't let the loss of a few people make you forget the happiness that still exists in your life. Love yourself, love your surroundings, and keep moving forward with grace and strength.”
“The mercy of the Maker must be reflected upon every morning.”
“Success is when you are able to reproduce the process.”
“Embrace the unfolding path of adventure, for it is in those moments that life unveils its true magic.”
“I would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness.”
“Scientists used to do an experiment whereby a dog’s repeated reward for performing a task was unaccountably replaced by punishment. The dog, knowing it would be penalized for doing well or doing badly, would become melancholic and inactive. This and other unforeseeable results were funded by taxing up to sixty percent of people’s earnings. People became strangely melancholic and inactive ”
“When one becomes self-aware, all mental delusions fade away like darkness in the sky, banished by the movement of the sun.”
“What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!”
“On the verge of tears or about to break down, dance will rescue you from frowns.”
“Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!”
“Let us not become so cautious that we forget to live.”
“Be mindful of your strengths and your opponent's weaknesses to design winning strategies. ”
“Health is a good as happiness.”
“We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.”
“I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.”
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.”
“Good women are the angels who inspire us to do our best, because they always do their best.”
“Great treasures bring out great greed in the hearts of men and great greed has been the downfall of many nations. - from "Opoponax Dreams”
“It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”
“The problem, often not discovered until late in life, is that when you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation. For me, I am driven by two main philosophies, know more today about the world than I knew yesterday. And lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
“Light in your mind is better than darkness in your soul.”
“Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.”
“The second thing you have to do to be a writer is to keep on writing. Don't listen to people who tell you that very few people get published and you won't be one of them. Don't listen to your friend who says you are better that Tolkien and don't have to try any more. Keep writing, keep faith in the idea that you have unique stories to tell, and tell them. I meet far too many people who are going to be writers 'someday.' When they are out of high school, when they've finished college, after the wedding, when the kids are older, after I retire . . . That is such a trap You will never have any more free time than you do right now. So, whether you are 12 or 70, you should sit down today and start being a writer if that is what you want to do. You might have to write on a notebook while your kids are playing on the swings or write in your car on your coffee break. That's okay. I think we've all 'been there, done that.' It all starts with the writing. ”
“You buy furniture. You tell yourself, this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life. Buy the sofa, then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong, at least you've got your sofa issue handled. Then the right set of dishes. Then the perfect bed. The drapes. The rug. Then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you.”
“  it’s a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Picasso had a saying - 'good artists copy, great artists steal' - and we have always been shameless about stealing great ideas.”
“One who is capable of forgiving others is wise.”
“If I should have a daughter…“Instead of “Mom”, she’s gonna call me “Point B.” Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I’m going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say “Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.” She’s gonna learn that this life will hit you, hard, in the face, wait for you to get back up so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air. There is hurt, here, that cannot be fixed by band-aids or poetry, so the first time she realizes that Wonder-woman isn’t coming, I’ll make sure she knows she doesn’t have to wear the cape all by herself. Because no matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will always be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal. Believe me, I’ve tried. And “Baby,” I’ll tell her “don’t keep your nose up in the air like that, I know that trick, you’re just smelling for smoke so you can follow the trail back to a burning house so you can find the boy who lost everything in the fire to see if you can save him. Or else, find the boy who lit the fire in the first place to see if you can change him.” But I know that she will anyway, so instead I’ll always keep an extra supply of chocolate and rain boats nearby, ‘cause there is no heartbreak that chocolate can’t fix. Okay, there’s a few heartbreaks chocolate can’t fix. But that’s what the rain boots are for, because rain will wash away everything if you let it. I want her to see the world through the underside of a glass bottom boat, to look through a magnifying glass at the galaxies that exist on the pin point of a human mind. Because that’s how my mom taught me. That there’ll be days like this, “There’ll be days like this my momma said” when you open your hands to catch and wind up with only blisters and bruises. When you step out of the phone booth and try to fly and the very people you wanna save are the ones standing on your cape. When your boots will fill with rain and you’ll be up to your knees in disappointment and those are the very days you have all the more reason to say “thank you,” ‘cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away. You will put the “wind” in win some lose some, you will put the “star” in starting over and over, and no matter how many land mines erupt in a minute be sure your mind lands on the beauty of this funny place called life. And yes, on a scale from one to over-trusting I am pretty damn naive but I want her to know that this world is made out of sugar. It can crumble so easily but don’t be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it. “Baby,” I’ll tell her “remember your mama is a worrier but your papa is a warrior and you are the girl with small hands and big eyes who never stops asking for more.” Remember that good things come in threes and so do bad things and always apologize when you’ve done something wrong but don’t you ever apologize for the way your eyes refuse to stop shining. Your voice is small but don’t ever stop singing and when they finally hand you heartbreak, slip hatred and war under your doorstep and hand you hand-outs on street corners of cynicism and defeat, you tell them that they really ought to meet your mother.”
“Our physical and mental capacities will only be with us for so long. Take care of yourself to improve longevity.”
“Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.”
“In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.”
“decision is of the mind not of the mouth also determination is of the heart not of the head- Golden Life Foundation”
“He is half of my soul, as the poets say.”
“The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve. Any time you tolerate mediocrity in others, it increases your mediocrity. An important attribute in successful people is their impatience with negative thinking and negative acting people. As you grow, your associates will change. Some of your friends will not want you to go on. They will want you to stay where they are. Friends that don't help you climb will want you to crawl. Your friends will stretch your vision or choke your dream. Those that don't increase you will eventually decrease you. Consider this: Never receive counsel from unproductive people. Never discuss your problems with someone incapable of contributing to the solution, because those who never succeed themselves are always first to tell you how. Not everyone has a right to speak into your life. You are certain to get the worst of the bargain when you exchange ideas with the wrong person. Don't follow anyone who's not going anywhere. With some people you spend an evening: with others you invest it. Be careful where you stop to inquire for directions along the road of life. Wise is the person who fortifies his life with the right friendships. If you run with wolves, you will learn how to howl. But, if you associate with eagles, you will learn how to soar to great heights. "A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by the kind of friends he chooses." The simple but true fact of life is that you become like those with whom you closely associate - for the good and the bad. Note: Be not mistaken. This is applicable to family as well as friends. Yes do love, appreciate and be thankful for your family, for they will always be your family no matter what. Just know that they are human first and though they are family to you, they may be a friend to someone else and will fit somewhere in the criteria above. "In Prosperity Our Friends Know Us. In Adversity We Know Our friends." "Never make someone a priority when you are only an option for them." "If you are going to achieve excellence in big things,you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.."..”
“The truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.”
“All worries are less with wine.”
“To develop the habit of gratitude or make it a lifestyle, we must learn to exhibit or practice gratitude in the ordinary affairs of life.”
“The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.”
“The ideas, that are currently permeating your mind, are your golden tickets towards a life that you have always desired. These sparks of inspiration aren't a figment of your imagination. In fact, they have been divinely sent to you for very important reasons. Planted in your head like a seed that needs nurturing. This is your sign to pursue what came to your mind while reading this. It is not a coincidence.”
“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”
“My heart is warm with the friends I make, And better friends I'll not be knowing, Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take, No matter where it's going.”
“We can only aspire to become unshakable when we take ownership for our state of mind and how we feel about situations life hands out to us”
“ Now is the only time change occurs.”
“All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.”
“Changes are inevitable and not always controllable. What can be controlled is how you manage, react to and work through the change process.”
“The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.”
“When I type a title page, I hold it and I look at it and I think, I just need four thousand sentences to go with this and I’ll have a book.”
“Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it. I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings. I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others. I am going to benefit others as much as I can.”
“No one cares about anyone else’s life, but their own, bro. That’s the thing. We’re just selfish," said Raphael. “Some surprise us though. Those unique ones who interest us— they do something new with their body. They mean words differently. They bring us in. The people who amaze us are how we know that the selfishness inside us all along was never selfishness. We were only far from certain people.”
“A woman who prays is a threat to the enemy because she fights her battles on her knees until she wins.”
“Give me great sinners to make great saints; they are glorious raw material for grace to work upon; and when you do get them saved, they will shake the very gates of hell. The ringleaders in Satan’s camp make noble sergeants in the camp of Christ. These bravest of the brave are they.”
“Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life. I have trained more than 10,000 students by now in my teaching experience of 12+ years. And I can tell this with conviction.”
“Profit begins with passion.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“I have always believed in the power of collaboration. Early on in my professional career, I realized that you can't develop all the competencies you need fast enough on your own. Furthermore, if you don't collaborate, your ideas will be limited to your own abilities. As a result, you will not be able to serve your clientele and thus can't achieve the anticipated impact.”
“The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.”
“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”
“Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.”
“There are two kinds of feeling—one from our body, another from our soul. Love, it is the affection of soul, to soul.”
“A genius is simply one who has taken full possession of his own mind and directed it toward objectives of his own choosing, without permitting outside influences to discourage or mislead him.”
“Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.”
“And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history—money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery—the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“when you have no spirit to seize the day, find it behind the music, between the flowing leaves, beneath the sun rays, and just within yourself. Talk to yourself, be the best friend for yourself, and do not hesitate to ask God help”
“FAILURE ALWAYS STANDS IN OUR WAY, BUT WE HAVE TO MOVE FORWARD WITHOUT ANY FEAR; THAT'S THE WAY SUCCESS COMES”
“Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.”
“When you're screwing up and nobody says anything to you anymore, that means they've given up on you.”
“The MORE you clean up, the more you climb up”
“Take a moment to reflect on all that you have overcome, all the times you thought you couldn't go on but found the strength to keep moving forward.”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“If you believe ,you can. "But work hard to believe".”
“Success is not an overnight phenomenon; it's the result of consistent effort over time.”
“Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.”
“The first step necessary in addressing the shortcomings of our lives is to acknowledge them.”
“Where should one use perfume? - asked a young woman Wherever one wants to be kissed. - I replied”
“We are spiritual children of God the Father. We preach it. We sing it. But do we really understand it? Sometimes it’s easy to tell others they are loved, but not so easy to believe it of ourselves — not because we don’t think God loves His children, but because we may feel undeserving of His love. The adversary loves to remind us who we are not. Not pretty. Not smart. Not strong. But God would not have sacrificed His Son to save us if we aren’t worth saving.”
“If I'm offended by the truth. The truth cant change, but I must change or be living a lie. ~ Peter Ojo”
“The energy of hatred won't get you anywhere; but the energy of forgiveness, which reveals itself through love, will transform your life in a positive way.”
“Saying no to people who want you to say yes, and upholding your boundaries with people who were used to having none, will at first feel terrible. Like a death. And it is a death of sorts. The death of the part of you that thinks you have to violate yourself to make it in life or be valued. You most likely will surrounded by people who are used to being accommodating or passive. At first, they feel threatened by you asserting your boundaries. This is ok. And in time they will get used to it. Just like in time you'll get used to understanding, that when people act like assholes when you say now, isn't about you. It's about them.”
“Obedience to God is way to be an overcomer.”
“Write me a poem. Write me several poems. A muse me.”
“While you give your best, then you can't be regerected after being failed.”
“We do not start as dust. We do not end as dust. We make more than dust. That's all we ask of you. Make more than dust.”
“Sadness and happiness are both temporary. They come and go. But joy, love, and inner peace are beyond emotions. And we have the power to choose between those.”
“Well if God wanted a broken spirit out of me, He would get His wish. At this point in my life the only thing I could do was look up.”
“she lived with hurricane eyes and fell in love with the way the waves collapsed against her cheeks.”
“Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass  It's about learning how to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene”
“God and Destiny are not against us, rather they are for us, they are the ones who never forget the things we have long forgotten, the ones who hear the desires of our heart that our own heads can't hear, and they are the ones who never forget who we really are, long after our minds have forgotten the images of who we are. We come from God and we belong to Destiny, yet for some reason of ignorance we think that to be the master of our own fates and the captain of our own souls means to write everything down on a paper and plan everything out on a grid! Such great things to be done, and we think they are accomplished by our primitive ways! No. We must only know what we want. And want what we want. And then fly high enough to see all that which we want that we couldn't yet see.”
“Where’s my dressing room? Well, my darling, it is found within every heart that’s trying to bloom.”
“I’m closing the chapters on the me that I used to be and I’m opening the pages to the person I should have become a long time ago.”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“Another way of remaining in intimacy with God is by remaining in His presence.”
“The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.”
“This is my living faith, an active faith, a faith of verbs: to question, explore, experiment, experience, walk, run, dance, play, eat, love, learn, dare, taste, touch, smell, listen, speak, write, read, draw, provoke, emote, scream, sin, repent, cry, kneel, pray, bow, rise, stand, look, laugh, cajole, create, confront, confound, walk back, walk forward, circle, hide, and seek.”
“We find out what is obvious We discover what is curious At last the puzzle has been solved Into dreams that evolved”
“Sometimes you must reach beyond yourself to reach yourself within.. yourself.”
“For the scientist, at exactly the moment of discovery—that most unstable existential moment—the external world, nature itself, deeply confirms his innermost fantastic convictions. Anchored abruptly in the world, Leviathan gasping on his hook, he is saved from extreme mental disorder by the most profound affirmation of the real.”
“Man is born broken. He lives by mending. The grace of God is glue.”
“Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.”
“Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.”
“Most people who decide to grow personally find their first mentors in the pages of books.”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not let anyone mess with your mind. You are not bitter. You are not bad. You are sweet and you are smart. You just need to be around people who can help you grow.”
“Believing you can’t find good people is like saying you can’t grow your business.”
“Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“Faith is no slave to rituals, rules or even religion. Many a godless men attained faith; many a faithless men attained god.”
“The most admirable thing you can do in this world is to show up for yourself.”
“No one is ever satisfied where he is.”
“Love is enough though the world be a-waning, deep in flower and in flesh, in star and soil and seed we shall be notes in that great symphony of love, in every fallen tear, in every courageous heart, In every life that leaves, new suns across the sky will rise again.”
“Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed, and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and now.”
“Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.”
“To those who are given much, much is expected.”
“Know that we will never be fully in control of the flow of time, and know that this reality is OK.”
“For all those that have to fight for the respect that everyone else is given without question.”
“I thought about my very first paying gig at Earnest Way and how nervous I was then and how I’m still afraid now but for so many different reasons. I think in the beginning, I was afraid of failing. Now, I’m scared of the critics being right about me  I realize then  I need to stop running, quit being afraid and just surrender to my passion.”
“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”
“Chess does not only teach us to analyse the present situation, but it also enables us to think about the possibilities and consequences. This is the art of forward-thinking.”
“If you are grateful for where you are, you have to respect the rode that got you there. We must appreciate all that we survive, the small, the medium and the monumental. Find gratitude in your life story, Wake up every morning and say to yourself, I made it here from where I started and I am so proud of that. When we do this, we bless ourselves and feed ourselves with the love to flourish and keep going, no matter where we come from or what we have been through.”
“When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.”
“Think the tree that bears nutrition: though the fruits are picked, the plant maintains fruition. So give all the love you have. Do not hold any in reserve. What is given is not lost; it shall return.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill is mission.”
“He was given too much agency in a fallen world.”
“Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.”
“We can only have faith in God, who makes all things to work for our good.”
“  Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.' Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames”
“We must always remember that it is the things of the spirit that in the end prevail. That caring counts. That where there is no vision, people perish. That hope and faith count, and that without charity there can be nothing good. That by daring to live dangerously, we are learning to live generously. And that by believing in the inherent goodness of man, we may   'stride forward into the unknown with growing confidence.”
“A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare to the jeweled vision of a life started anew.”
“Let us always be kind to one another, for our kindness is the beginning of Love.”
“I keep telling my students to never give up chasing your dreams. And I too will never give up chasing my dreams.”
“The material world is a sad place to be. People keep trying to attain that perfect state of happiness throughout their lives, acting upon thoughts that show them where the temporary dopamine fix is, but most of them are really sad inside. Surprisingly, most people choose to overcome sadness, they feel if they look at the greener side the sadness will vanish. But the sadness is always there. Otherwise there would be no motivation to be happy.”
“Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.”
“At last everything was satisfactorily arranged, and I could not help admiring the setting: these mingled touches betrayed on a small scale the inspiration of a poet, the research of a scientist, the good taste of an artist, the gourmet’s fondness for good food, and the love of flowers, which concealed in their delicate shadows a hint of the love of women”
“After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.”
“As with all daring and successful men the tricks and devices of his subconscious nature were much more formidable than his rational schemes; and so by a sort of automatic protective instinct he kept them subconscious.”
“We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.”
“Life offers many free lessons, but most people would rather pay the heavy price of ignorance because they cannot pay attention to the subtle lessons of life.”
“The right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing.”
“Where your talents and the needs of the world cross, there lies your vocation.”
“If the people of Europe had known as much of astronomy and geology when the bible was introduced among them, as they do now, there never could have been one believer in the doctrine of inspiration. If the writers of the various parts of the bible had known as much about the sciences as is now known by every intelligent man, the book never could have been written. It was produced by ignorance, and has been believed and defended by its author. It has lost power in the proportion that man has gained knowledge. A few years ago, this book was appealed to in the settlement of all scientific questions; but now, even the clergy confess that in such matters, it has ceased to speak with the voice of authority. For the establishment of facts, the word of man is now considered far better than the word of God. In the world of science, Jehovah was superseded by Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler. All that God told Moses, admitting the entire account to be true, is dust and ashes compared to the discoveries of Descartes, Laplace, and Humboldt. In matters of fact, the bible has ceased to be regarded as a standard. Science has succeeded in breaking the chains of theology. A few years ago, Science endeavored to show that it was not inconsistent with the bible. The tables have been turned, and now, Religion is endeavoring to prove that the bible is not inconsistent with Science. The standard has been changed.”
“Have faith have faith. When you have nothing else have faith.”
“Like a child who saves their favourite food on the plate for last, I try to save all thoughts of you for the end of the day so I can dream with the taste of you on my tongue.”
“Say no to everything until you arrive at a definitive yes!”
“Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.”
“Where schools or education systems can find individuals who are already intrinsically motivated to do the work required, or who already have a strong sense of purpose and belief in the importance of education (and who have therefore internalised the same goals as the school), good things come of it: positive work-related attitudes, effective performance, job satisfaction and psychological well-being. In order for this to happen, teachers need to feel that they are autonomous, and they are performing certain actions, like professional development, because they want to, not because they are being forced to. This is what makes Singapore's teaching career structure so clever.”
“Life is about giving back everything you get from this universe”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.”
“Every act of goodness is born from our desire to be happy.”
“Be bold to be brave.”
“Miracles happen every day, but only those who believe in them can see their power.”
“Dislike in yourself what you dislike in others.”
“The treasure is hidden in diversity.”
“Life comes once. Live wisely.”
“You either have to participate or vacate. Contribute or be cancelled.”
“Head up, heart open. To better days!”
“Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.”
“Tell me your sad story that eating you alive, I promise to be silent only God will read it and sort it for you.”
“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”
“Why are there trees I never walk under but large and melodious thoughts descend upon me?”
“No one can keep her down. Even after going through a setback, she finds a way to bounce back because she is a powerful woman.”
“Throughout our life, we chase ownership to disown everything one day.”
“ A man is only as rich as the people around him ”
“The coward says in his heart “There is no love.” Because, standing in the shadows of the big, grand, and powerful existence of love, his small spirit is left feeling even smaller and less significant. And so he chooses to deny the existence of love altogether. Because he is too small to have it.”
“I've welcomed all the hardships while staying undaunted & I've transcended above myself.”
“It is dangerous to play with people's feelings, because what may not hurt you, may hurt another. Always put yourself in someone's shoes before you act.”
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
“Sprint starts, sprint ends, and a lot gets changed in between! Once the sprint is over, you may not realize but one thing is for sure  You are not the same person who initiated last sprint, you grow with every sprint and that's what Agility is all about .So, not a good idea to count in years, the age of Agilist now you know what to count!, didn't you? By the way, an Agilist never gets old, he just becomes more Agile!”
“Sameron adion aso I shall sing a sweeter song tomorrow”
“I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.”
“If you buy an egg thinking it's a goose's egg, and when it hatches it is actually a bird of paradise; no manner of convincing and reproach will turn the bird of paradise into a goose. Even if you make it go to goose church and goose school and eat goose feeds and only hang out with geese! In the end, it will still belong to paradise.”
“The most beautiful things I see are when my mind is the calmest.”
“Perfection is good as long as we perfect the right things. ”
“But what was there to say? Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief. Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”
“You cannot cross the ocean before leaving the shore.”
“This is who the fuck I am.”
“Hard work is only a prison sentence when you lack motivation”
“There's a kid or some kids somewhere. I'll never know them. They're particle-puzzle-cubing right now. They might be mini-misanthropes from Moosefart, Montana. They might be demi-dystopians from Dogdick, Delaware. They dig my demonic dramas. The metaphysic maims them. They grasp the gravity. They'll duke it out with their demons. They'll serve a surfeit of survival skills. They won't be chronologically crucified. They'll shore up my shit. They'll radically revise it. They'll pass it along.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“Truth builds trust.”
“It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.”
“Man is a being in search of meaning.”
“We must assume every event has significance and contains a message that pertains to our questions this especially applies to what we used to call bad things the challenge is to find the silver lining in every event, no matter how negative.”
“Being effective matters more than being the best.”
“If we judge ourselves only by our aspirations and everyone else only their conduct we shall soon reach a very false conclusion.”
“With your room allawence, this mountains stumbled you to succeed must fall.”
“When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.”
“Staying in the past won't help you move on to your future".”
“The laughter of the world is merely loneliness pathetically trying to reassure itself.”
“Celebrate who you are in your deepest heart. Love yourself and the world will love you.”
“Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.”
“It does not manifest so that you can believe in it. You believe in it so that it can manifest.”
“Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.”
“They think they can keep me out, but it does not matter how many locks they hang at the entrance. There is always another door. — The Thief Who Stole the Stars, by Tristan Chirsley”
“Your attitude determines your altitude. It really is true that if you think you can, you can; and if you think you can’t – you’re right.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“To be a poet in a destitute time means: to attend, singing, to the trace of the fugitive god. This is why the poet in the time of the world's night utters the holy.”
“we tend to steer our lives in the direction of the lessons we need to learn”
“If you're not driving business growth and profitability, then you might as well be a houseplant. So get out there and make some money, honey!”
“Self determination is greatest will power.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.”
“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“If luck has not yet knocked your gate, change the gate”
“Avoidance of mistakes may lead us to steer clear of new experiences and default to familiarity to reduce the chance of 'failure'. Society's definition of failure is misguided.”
“Facing your fears robs them of their power”
“Life is short,Live it long”
“Unlocking Success: Embracing Consistency and Productivity for a Fulfilling Life”
“Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.”
“Your need for acceptance can make you invisible in this world. Don't let anything stand in the way of the light that shines through this form. Risk being seen in all of your glory.”
“The truth is the truth and the real is the real, and you have the right to say exactly how you feel.”
“I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…”
“Only something extremely dire and disabling will ever stop a real writer from writing. Retirement is never an option.”
“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
“You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of your own making.”
“Fall for none, rise for all.”
“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans. By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”
“Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.”
“Love yourself enough through the hard times, good times, and weird times.”
“Do not waste the vast majority of your life doing something you hate so that you can spend the small remainder sliver of your life in modest comfort. You may never reach that end anyway. Resist the temptation to get a job. Instead, play. Find something you enjoy doing. Do it. Over and over again. You will become good at it for two reasons: you like it, and you do it often. Soon, that will have value in itself.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day…You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.”
“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”
“I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“In the vastness of a Mother’s love, like water, we find solace, nourishment, and unwavering support.”
“I define vulnerability as uncertainty, risk and emotional exposure. With that definition in mind, let’s think about love. Waking up every day and loving someone who may or may not love us back, whose safety we can’t ensure, who may stay in our lives or may leave without a moment’s notice, who may be loyal to the day they die or betray us tomorrow—that’s vulnerability.”
“Jayni dropped her gaze and asked quietly, “Will I get a small box since I haven’t had cancer?” “Oh, child, life in your shadow world is hard, even without cancer. Suffering comes in many forms. But joy comes when you understand that this is the real world, here with me, and all those troubles in your world won’t last forever.”
“Let me set some record straight other people think that quitting food like fasting move mountains or fight evil forces nothing like that firstly we talking about spiritual process here every spirit listen God human commanded to move things by faith not fasting you just connect with God, authority,walk by walk with Jesus Christ and believe in him in with what he capable of doing through his words (bible) or practical things that he done in you then you can move the mountains and command evil forces.See no jumping or some sort of magic.”
“San Lang, things aren’t always that absolute. Sometimes, it’s not up to you to decide if the road is easy to walk.' Hua Cheng said softly, 'I might not be able to decide whether the road is easy or not, but whether I walk it is.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn what you need to learn and do what is necessary to attain greatness.”
“If we knowingly choose to hide our God-given talents, then we are not fully honoring God.”
“Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?”
“She wasn’t a one in a million woman, she was a once in a lifetime lady.”
“You exist to be cared for only to a point, and with a purpose: that one day you might care for others.”
“It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”
“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
“We dropped our troubles into the lap of the storyteller, and they turned into someone else's.”
“When your footsteps and thoughts carry you down the same path your heart and soul are directing you, you will know without a doubt that you are headed in the right direction.”
“I think that negative Emotions have their place Confusion Anger Sadness Fear They have their place They set a pace Each unraveling a unique face And it’s up to our choices Whether we learn from their voices”
“Do not let those who cannot see the truth tell you who you are. You are the flame that cannot be put out. You are the star that cannot be lost. You are who you have always been, and that is enough and more than enough. Anyone who looks at you and sees darkness is blind.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it and be willing to grow.”
“Everyone has their own story, it's about how you express your story to inspire and influence people around the world”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“When we are most alone is when we embrace another's loneliness.”
“In life it is either you choose to prove people right or you choose to prove people wrong on what they think of you. It all depends on your actions.”
“Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One’s own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.”
“I used to have a sign pinned up on my wall that read: Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible be found in us It was all about letting go of everything.”
“My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.”
“Beware of the temptation to bend facts to fit what you wish were true. Every lie runs itself to death. Every profound truth, like the sun, rises to become self-evident.”
“Every challenge is an opportunity, so open yourself up and get ready to move!”
“Folk fight the fury of gods to stave out their place in history, capitulating for the slightest mark in the epics of man, even a write-in under some obscure footnote.”
“We have to start new every day, and sometimes, many times a day. Sometimes we just have to take a deep breath and start again.”
“Every story you choose to tell has the potential to make another person’s life better.”
“No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!”
“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
“The world needs a prayerful woman who does not depend upon her gorgeousness but on the righteousness of God and her God-given wisdom to solve global problems.”
“In a world full of useless words, we need actionable words.”
“Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.”
“There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.”
“All your stress is not from others - it's just from your Thoughts.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow.”
“So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”
“If you want to be accepted as you are, learn to accept others as they are.”
“You know what's just as powerful as a good cup of coffee in the morning? Starting your day with some good, loving thoughts. It can change how your whole day unfolds.”
“If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.”
“The world is in a perpetual state of change and evolution; our short lifetime bridges but a small gap of the overarching progress of humanity.”
“Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.”
“I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,”
“Novelty. Security. Novelty wouldn't be a bad title. It had the grandness of abstraction, alerting the reader that large and thoughtful things were to be bodied forth. As yet he had no inkling of any incidents or characters that might occupy his theme; perhaps he never would. He could see though the book itself, he could feel its closed heft and see it opened, white pages comfortably large and shadowed gray by print; dense, numbered, full of meat. He sensed a narrative voice, speaking calmly and precisely, with immense assurance building, building; a voice too far off for him to hear, but speaking. ("Novelty")”
“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
“You are old beyond your years Zoeybird. Believe in yourself and you will find a way. But remember darkness does not always equate to evil just like light does not always bring good.”
“It's easy to believe in someone else, the hard part to believe in urself”
“My arm draped her shoulder; we both felt safe, as if we were a complete solar system unto ourselves, dangling in the sky, warm heated planets inside a universe of stars. -Richard”
“You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.”
“Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.”
“An employee's motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.”
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.”
“All our lives, men tell us how we should be. Women should be small and delicate, submissive and silent. We’re supposed to be well-behaved and obedient. Don’t take up too much space. Smile, blush, walk this way, dance like that, conduct yourself with poise and grace. Well, piss on that, honey. This makeup is your war paint. These fine silk clothes are your armor. You are beautiful and fierce, because those two things? They aren’t mutually exclusive , Rixxis.”
“I wonder,” he said, “whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again ”
“When I explored my deeper mind, I could understand that my life is only an illusion, an apparent reality”
“Everytime I plant a seed,he say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.”
“If you try nothing new, you’ll never know what you’re truly capable of.”
“If you feel a vastness of passion towards a particular goal, you owe it to yourself to follow through with it. Because what your soul desires, is ultimately what you need.”
“When you customize things your way, you will like them more.”
“Eternal Light is something that has always existed. The amount of light you receive will depend on your actions.”
“How would your life be different if You didn’t wait for someone else to fix a problem or social issue? Let today be the day You take up a cause that you feel in your heart and give your time and efforts towards that cause.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Success always hugs you in private, but failure slaps you in the public ”
“It is quite simple to live a life of progress, have a vision and be committed to the process required for success.”
“Witnessing people's grief or the state against them moves me deeply and inspires me to write my thoughts and feelings.”
“Life has so many twists and turns. What is more significant is to live with gratitude rather than regrets; to live with enthusiasm and avoid any form of pessimism; to live by faith and realize that regardless of the circumstances, you can still attain greatness.”
“If you can change the way you think in time you will notice a change in your heart and also a change in your life and the way you see things.”
“Inner peace is impossible without patience. Wisdom requires patience. Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience. Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace.”
“Rewards await you if you stay steadfast in your faith.”
“It was so strange, the way that life moved forward: the twists and the dead ends, the sudden opportunities. She supposed if you could predict or foresee everything that was going to happen, you’d lose the motivation to go through it all. The promise was always in the possibility.”
“True love begins when you accept yourself in your totality. Then, and only then, can you completely love another.”
“If not you, who?”
“It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.”
“Never limit your view of life by any past experience.”
“Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!”
“The damage was permanent; there would always be scars. But even the angriest scars faded over time until it was difficult to see them written on the skin at all, and the only thing that remained was the memory of how painful it had been.”
“She is calm like a dove, yet her mind is sharp like a blade. She lives in peace and she is full of wisdom. She is truly a powerful woman.”
“Like the clay that has been recycled and reclaimed, our lives have the capacity for change spiritually.”
“Avoid to quit before starting.”
“The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better and becoming even more better.”
“Be open to learning new things. That's how we grow and evolve.”
“Not every powerful woman occupies a high position. She may be in the lowest of positions, but she can rightfully position herself to make an impact in society.”
“Dear Superwoman, There is value in knowing yourself. When you know your own weaknesses and strengths, no one can lie to you about you as a person.”
“Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.”
“The price of greatness is responsibility.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.”
“When people reject you God welcome you, which you prefer?”
“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”
“A determined heart is hard to beat.”
“Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.”
“Of you rise to the top alone, you'll be lonely when you get there.”
“Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.”
“Always remember that you already have power over those who try to have power over you.”
“What's the world's greatest lie?  It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.”
“It steals your sorrow and gifts you a smile, the tutor of movements is dance.”
“I didn't know I had it in me. There's more to all of us than we realize. Life is so much bigger, grander, higher, and wider than we allow ourselves to think. We're capable of so much more than we allow ourselves to believe.”
“You cannot separate brokenness from brilliance.”
“Without sufficient attention, we lack the mechanism necessary to remove ourselves from immediate danger.”
“Perfectly Imperfect We have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path. Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind  there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered  we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”
“Dear Superwoman, Even if you think you are the worst, there are those who still find you to be the best. Never allow any weakness to make you feel worthless. You are a valuable woman.”
“Do not measure your life using someone else’s ruler. In doing so, you are committing a great injustice to yourself.”
“You owe no one explanation of what you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.”
“Focus on yourself, and everything will focus on you.”
“When there is nobody to encourage you; learn the art of encouraging and motivating yourself. Many times you will find yourself in situations where everybody looks at you for encouragement, including yourself for that matter.”
“We all get lots of people. And maybe we don’t always get to have them the exact way we want them, but if we can figure out a way to compromise, you know, then we can keep them all.”
“Chasing discomfort chains you to discomfort. The truth is: You cannot create a fulfilling life when you are uncomfortable.”
“Be an inspiration to others even at your bad will because 60% of life achievement comes from the the pay-back of inspiring others.”
“At the very least, we owe it to ourselves to operate as our biggest fan wherever possible.”
“Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!”
“When I feel like giving up or frustrated with life that saying " It's not the end of the world " always kept me going.”
“When a woman who has been wounded decides to do something, there is no halt. The thorns fail to prick, the darkness refuses to bother and stones along the path keep breaking. A lighted path emerges automatically.”
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”
“Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.”
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.”
“As an unbiased individual, I do not hesitate to tell you that setting a goal does not ensure that you will achieve it.”
“I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.”
“Many situations in life will make you wise if you learn to glean wisdom from the littlest things.”
“Life before Death. Strength before Weakness. Journey before Destination.”
“The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.”
“Keep your conscious mind busy with the expectation of the best and the rest will follow.”
“Whatever you find yourself doing at any moment is the most important thing in the world to you at that moment.”
“There is no evidence that we've been placed on this planet to be especially happy or especially normal. And in fact our unhappiness and our strangeness, our anxieties and compulsions, those least fashionable aspects of our personalities, are quite often what lead us to do rather interesting things.”
“Summer is an awesome season but it you'll not sink in the ocean or pool of tears without any life guide who's Holy Spirit (God's spirit)”
“A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.”
“You see me shining today,haha.. it where I'm coming from the pit of fire that shaped me to glowing graduate me on who i was previous.The pain, day and night tears fearness,low self esteem,being unknown mat for everyone, rejected, victim of rape, from zero,hopeless,called by names.I'm trying to say worse then you know God take me from ashes to the Kings table give him all the Glory that what he can do for you if you give him your heart. I didn't choose him but he does axctually i used to curse him but his grace doesnt pass me by,I'm sure you need him too before sunset.”
“We are supposed to consume alcohol and enjoy it, but we're not supposed to become alcoholics. Imagine if this were the same with cocaine. Imagine we grew up watching our parents snort lines at dinner, celebrations, sporting events, brunches, and funerals. We'd sometimes (or often) see our parents coked out of our minds the way we sometimes (or often) see them drunk. We'd witness them coming down after a cocaine binge the way we see them recovering from a hangover. Kiosks at Disneyland would see it so our parents could make it through a day of fun, our mom's book club would be one big blow-fest and instead of "mommy juice" it would be called "mommy powder" There'd be coke-tasting parties in Napa and cocaine cellars in fancy people's homes, and everyone we know (including our pastors, nurses, teachers, coaches, bosses) would snort it. The message we'd pick up as kids could be Cocaine is great, and one day you'll get to try it, too! Just don't become addicted to it or take it too far. Try it; use it responsibly. Don't become a cocaine-oholic though. Now, I'm sure you're thinking. That's insane, everyone knows cocaine is far more addicting than alcohol and far more dangerous. Except, it's not The point is not that alcohol is worse than cocaine. The point is that we have a really clear understanding that cocaine is toxic and addictive. We know there's no safe amount of it, no such thing as "moderate" cocaine use; we know it can hook us and rob us of everything we care about We know we are better off not tangling with it at all.”
“A mind of moderate capacity which closely pursues one study must infallibly arrive at great proficiency in that study.”
“I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.”
“The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.” - Rachel Carson”
“Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.”
“The treasure of life should motivate you to do your very best.”
“No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.”
“1.	In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“When we pray we admit defeat.”
“Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward; how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now, if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You're better than that! I'm always gonna love you, no matter what. No matter what happens. You're my son and you're my blood. You're the best thing in my life. But until you start believing in yourself, you ain't gonna have a life.”
“I'm like a butterfly that you held on to too tight Who's wings you snapped before they could take flight Who's spirit you crushed because you loved to harshly And I blamed you so much for my sadness oddly When you were just afraid  too afraid to lose me”
“When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.”
“Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.”
“If you're really listening, if you're awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.”
“We do what we do because we are who we are.”
“Trusting yourself means living out what you already know to be true.”
“I just hope I remember to tell my kids that they are as happy as I look in my old photographs. And I hope that they believe me.”
“Let us pick up our books and our pens,” I said. “They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.”
“If the painter wishes to see beauties that charm him, it lies in his power to create them, and if he wishes to see monstrosities that are frightful, ridiculous, or truly pitiable, he is lord and God thereof.”
“Death is the universes way of setting us free.”
“A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.”
“Yes Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will”
“The “Warrior Ethos” emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a “guardian of freedom and the American way of life.”
“If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.”
“No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.”
“The day you hear a man call his wife "stupid" in someone's presence, just focus on his eyes, and you will see a fool.”
“The only way of feeding Soul and Spirit is to read the bible,by doing that you give the inner man the right guidence of doing things, build spiritual muscles burns unneeded fat by guiding you,it become a weapon of fighting evil force like pills and injection which is fighting with deseases in your body, give you authority over things heppen in your life, it is God himself who deal with situations practical,that how you health Spirit,mind and Soul”
“We can't expect roots to ground us, magnificent birds to surround us or flowers to bloom from our deeds- without first planting the seeds.”
“Elegance is a glowing inner peace. Grace is an ability to give as well as to receive and be thankful. Mystery is a hidden laugh always ready to surface! Glamour only radiates if there is a sublime courage & bravery within: glamour is like the moon; it only shines because the sun is there.”
“Do your best and let God do the rest.”
“If we could look into each other’s hearts and understand the unique challenges each of us faces, I think we would treat each other much more gently, with more love, patience, tolerance, and care.”
“I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.”
“Take time out of the day to explore how you are feeling.”
“Be light, to get fly..”
“If we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love, and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of ‘I could have, I should have’. We can sleep in a storm. And when its time, our goodbyes will be complete.”
“Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us.”
“Life is like a roller coaster, filled with its ups and downs, but at the end of the day it's up to you to find the courage and determination to pick yourself up and try again.”
“I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.”
“Whenever I'm feeling down, I always think back on all my goals and get instantly motivated".”
“Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.”
“My dear children, words can heal, and words can hurt. Use them wisely, and you'll find that you can create wonders with them.”
“People complain about what they don’t like, but often are what they don’t like”
“Write the book you want to read”
“Why” precedes “How” in all places other than the dictionary. If your why is strong enough, you will figure out how in one way or another.”
“Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?”
“Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”
“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“A great world is only as far away as our willingness to make it great.”
“Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!”
“Visionaries don't focus on festivals and weekends, they focus on achievements and goals”
“What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“According to the Law of Attraction, the physical reality that you experience at present is drawn towards the future probability you desired when it attains more power.”
“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
“I do have a point to all this,” she continues. “There are like twenty people in that waiting room right now. Some of them are related to you. Some of them are not. But we’re all your family.” She stops now. Leans over me so that the wisps of her hair tickle my face. She kisses me on the forehead. “You still have a family,” she whispers.”
“When it comes to choices, there is no one way our life is supposed to go. Each choice leads to another branch of possibilities and on and on it goes.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.”
“You don't control your results. You always control your inputs.”
“Why should we tolerate a diet of weak poisons, a home in insipid surroundings, a circle of acquaintances who are not quite our enemies, the noise of motors with just enough relief to prevent insanity? Who would want to live in a world which is just not quite fatal?”
“Swirl into joy today by sharing your caring with the world. Be a pillar of positivity.”
“I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me.”
“Be melting snow. Wash yourself of yourself.”
“A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. – Chinese proverb”
“Wake up to the transitory nature of things – this will free your mind.”
“The little boy nodded at the peony and the peony seemed to nod back. The little boy was neat, clean and pretty. The peony was unchaste, dishevelled as peonies must be, and at the height of its beauty.( ) Every hour is filled with such moments, big with significance for someone.”
“Oh what a wonderful soul so bright inside you. Got power to heal the sun’s broken heart, power to restore the moon’s vision too.”
“˝ Not failure, just a lesson I had to learn. ˝”
“I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.”
“Dear Superwoman, No matter how much rejection you may have gone through. God still loves you. He still has a lot in store for you and will come through for you.”
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.”
“There is a time to live and a time to die but never to reject the moment.”
“Physical and mental health exist as two sides to the same coin; we must jointly cultivate them to feel whole.”
“To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour.”
“My feet are shaking but I’ll do whatever it takes to take a step forward.”
“The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.”
“If something burns your soul with purpose and desire, it’s your duty to be reduced to ashes by it. Any other form of existence will be yet another dull book in the library of life.”
“There are numerous ways that we can reframe choices and activities in such a way that they become desirable.”
“Even if people can call you a failure in life. At least have something that you can point out that you are proud of. Something that you did for yourself or for others.”
“You’ve got to think about big things while you’re doing small things, so that all the small things go in the right direction.”
“Woman, the child of so many tears shall never perish.”
“You need to compete for success. There are somethings that doesn't come naturally unless it's hereditary and success is one of them.”
“What a large volume of adventures may be grasped within the span of his little life by him who interests his heart in everything.”
“If you stare in the face of evil too long, it will become your reflection. Turn toward the light of love.”
“Held: Love is the only thing to ever hold onto. Even when it was never returned to you Even if it was used as a tool to hurt you Because not everyone knows how to love Or to treat people tenderly That's why the ones that speak with love and live through love Will always have an extra special task to fulfil on this earth And that is  To keep holding onto love”
“If ever I was running, it was towards you.”
“Most people die with their music still locked up inside them.”
“If you really want to unlock your potential and blaze your own career path: believe in the power inside yourself. Take risks. Don't be intimidated by failure. You are capable of so much more than you think – and as long as you keep trying!”
“Be more understanding of your person's specific love language. It may be frustrating at first, but you have to understand that love shows itself in various forms. Just because it doesn't look like yours, doesn't mean it isn't love and shouldn't be received as such.”
“Music is pleasing not only because of the sound but because of the silence that is in it: without the alternation of sound and silence there would be no rhythm.”
“People lie and deceive but energies don't.”
“Step out of your comfort zone and take risks for true growth and transformation.”
“Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.”
“I was suffering the easily foreseeable consequences. Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never dared to admit you wanted-an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with a hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is witheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy, and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore-- despite the fact that you know he has it hidden somewhere, goddamn it, because he used to give it to you for free). Next stage finds you skinny and shaking in a corner, certain only that you would sell your soul or rob your neighbors just to have 'that thing' even one more time. Meanwhile, the object of your adoration has now become repulsed by you. He looks at you like you're someone he's never met before, much less someone he once loved with high passion. The irony is,you can hardly blame him. I mean, check yourself out. You're a pathetic mess,unrecognizable even to your own eyes. So that's it. You have now reached infatuation's final destination-- the complete and merciless devaluation of self." - pg 20-21”
“There aren't many days that I'm not writing. Practice makes progress.”
“Say you are at the brink of killing yourself and someone tries to talk you out of it. You’ve already thought about it and your life is not worth living. Someone else comes along and tries to convince you not to kill yourself. Is there someone out there that can convince you not to kill yourself? What can they possibly say to convince you that your life, the one you have firsthand knowledge of, is worth living? There is that one answer. No one! There is that other answer. Nothing!”
“If you have at least one person to support and inspire you in any good and bad situation of your life then no one can stop you from being successful”
“You should motivate yourself, NOW!”
“Other people could be comparing your progress to those of others. But you're in your own world and should be concerned mostly about your development. The external pressure is unnecessary.”
“I NAME THIS LAND TOMORROW, FOR IT SHALL LAST FOREVERMORE!”
“If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.”
“If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.”
“Several patio chairs, a small coffee table and behind them, a blue green pool, sun spotted water within listing side to side. Innocence can be found or lost here in the noonday sun.”
“I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.”
“A concept appears peculiar, much like an unsolved Rubik's cube, until it is propelled by imagination and knowledge, which catalyses its transition into an invention.”
“Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.”
“The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.”
“Recognizing Your Strengths The strengths you have inside your core. All the strengths represent the self in the world. The values you stand behind the virtues of living a fruitful life. Your values leading the path for you to be recognized by the deeds you do. The internal strengths that shine within you. The kindness you have, help bonding the world. The love you spread, nurtures the world. The forgiveness you have, begin the healing in the world. The humility inside you, representing you bringing out the best of you. The fairness you treat the world, you are showing a leader in the world. The love of learning you practice doing, you are bringing light in the world. The spirituality you practice, peace will follow. The talents you have matter in this world. Artistic gift of yours brings a colorful world. Literate gift of yours inspires the world. Engineering gift of yours advance the world. Athletic gift of yours impresses the world. All the strengths you have mean everything to us all. Recognizing your strengths a beginning of all. Working hard in nurturing your strengths you are helping us all. One day we all can ripe your fruit feeding us all.”
“I'm interested in the way in which the past affects the present and I think that if we understand a good deal more about history, we automatically understand a great more about contemporary life.”
“I want to touch the places others can’t see Defining the future and setting ideas on fire When they question, I show them the golden key Of a pioneer who walks on a revolutionary wire”
“A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.”
“Don’t just exist, live; explore, enjoy, repeat.”
“I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you.”
“Poetry is an expression of high and low emotions.”
“I don't know exactly where ideas come from, but when I'm working well ideas just appear. I've heard other people say similar things - so it's one of the ways I know there's help and guidance out there. It's just a matter of our figuring out how to receive the ideas or information that are waiting to be heard.”
“There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do? Morrie Schwartz”
“Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.”
“The sky is blue everywhere.”
“If you want to turn your life around, start enjoying the little things in life with a big, big smile.”
“The major fear of man is the fear of death. Death is not the end of existence, death is separation. A man doesn’t stop existing because he died physically. He must exist somewhere else in another realm where he would be held accountable.”
“You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true.”
“Be zapped with zeal, be bit by boldness, be struck by tenacity, to obstacles never you kneel.”
“It doesn't matter what happens to you on earth, just look in the sky, and look at the stars. Go deep into the galaxy, and dream.”
“Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life”
“Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.”
“And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.”
“Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.”
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.”
“At a certain age almost all the questions a person asks him or herself are really just about one thing: how should you live your life?”
“A woman of vision may have lost her eyesight, but she can see afar because through her mind, she conceives far beyond what the eyes can see.”
“Doing what you wanted to do was the only training, and the only preliminary, needed for doing more of what you wanted to do.”
“The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.”
“We unknowingly close our eyes to thoughts and experiences solely due to preconditioning and biases.”
“Be wary of strong drink, it can make you shoot at the tax collector and miss.”
“They will tell you that you can't do it when they know that you can.”
“Treasure good health, give thanks to God,”
“A plant is more expensive than any gold or diamond”
“There are four types of motivational forces: fear, dreams and desires, fulfilling big ideas, and transforming the world to make a better place to live. The fear and security, driven motivational forces are in the lowest level.”
“Filter out the irrelevant noise. Focus on the objective.”
“You can't stop a soldier from being frightened but you can give him motivation to help him overcome that fear. I have no such motivation. I can't have. I'm a witcher: an artificially created mutant. I kill monsters for money. I defend children when their parents pay me to. If Nilfgaardian parents pay me, I'll defend Nilfgaardian children. And even if the world lies in ruin - which does not seem likely to me - I'll carry on killing monsters in the ruins of this world until some monster kills me. That is my fate, my reason, my life and my attitude to the world. And it is not what I chose. It was chosen for me.”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“It turned out this man worked for the Dalai Lama. And she said gently-that they believe when a lot of things start going wrong all at once, it is to protect something big and lovely that is trying to get itself born-and that this something needs for you to be distracted so that it can be born as perfectly as possible.”
“All goals or motivations fit within two categories: approach or avoid. For instance, going to work because you don’t want to lose your house is an avoidance-driven goal. Going to work to get a promotion is more approach- motivated. Your reason or goal, whether positive or negative, approach or avoidance motivated, is the driver of your thoughts, energy, and actions. In all instances, humans act as we do based on the future we see for ourselves. That may be a future we’re trying to avoid, or a future we’re trying to create.”
“I believe the 'better part' isn't just what Mary chooses but how she chooses.”
“A leaf is a silent proverb. Did you ever consider that? When it buds on the tree, people rejoice. Throughout its prime, they love it for the shade it provides. But only when it reaches its time on the tree does its brilliance come through. Sometimes yellow, sometimes orange, sometimes deep red. Dazzling in its artistry, like a drop of sunset you can see at all hours of the day. A leaf has the most extraordinary death. There is so much beauty in it.”
“Embracing The Storm The key to living through storms Is embracing them Taking every moment of beauty Every sadness And knowing it is your own Leaving the ones that have passed Letting go Facing the newest times With even the smallest bit of courage Though it can be terrifying to try Taking on the storm And then watching it Pass by”
“Time waits for no one.”
“Each month brings its own sacred mercies.”
“Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.”
“-What is the mind’s physical reaction to the injection process? – Sometimes its reaction is by making a feeling of headache and numbness in the head, or the desire to sleep, confusion, and of course the memories, but we cannot rely on them. Even if it was not subjected to an injection. In any case, the successful injection process must be done without the mind knowing, and pass without being aware of it. -How many failed brainwashing have you done? -Zero. -How many successful operations? -Zero. A long moment of silence. The psychiatrist looked into his eyes! She knows that he succeeded in all his operations! Unexpected answer. -Why do you say that you failed in all operations? -I did not say that I failed, I said that I succeeded in zero operations -What is the difference? – They are all still alive, as far as I know, the operation is done, but I do not know which of them might discover the trick at the last moment of my life. – Anything new in your private life? women? Friends maybe? -No, they are all superficial relationships, except for Katrina -Why do you refuse to let someone close into your life? -They ask a lot, and I do not like to give answers, you are an exception, of course -What is on your mind the most right now? -Do things happen because I think of them, or do I think of them because they will happen? -Why? -Because for a week I have been thinking that you will come to meet me, did my thoughts bring you here, or did I somehow sense your presence? -What is the Sixth Sense? -It does not exist, our five senses receive an enormous number of notes, and details daily, our conscious mind cannot prevent their reception, but it can ignore them, stores them very far away without alerting us to them, to relieve itself from the trouble of dealing with them, and when we feel that something is going to happen, it is caused by it. Our subconscious mind analyzes and elicits billions of billions of details stored in it, giving us the result in the form of a feeling, to be able to transcend the power of our conscious mind, we have to take these feelings seriously and force our conscious mind to explain their cause, and return to memory and prove it. -What are the conscious mind and the subconscious mind? -The names are incorrect, but they are customary to call them like this. I prefer to call the conscious mind the mechanical mind or the brain, and the subconscious mind with consciousness, for the brain is nothing but a mechanical machine, while the subconscious mind, in fact, is consciousness itself, perhaps the soul. -Why do you talk about the brain, the subconscious mind, the soul, and you, as if you are different entities from each other? – I do not believe that I am this body, I am something inside it, perhaps I am condemned from another world to imprisonment in it, as a punishment for a sin I committed there, and perhaps with my death, my sentence ends. -So, you see that you are something different from spirit and consciousness? -No, we are all one, we cannot be separated, I am the soul, and the subconscious mind is consciousness, and it is mine, while the brain is the property of the body, or the body is its property. -What is the most frightening thing about death? – Everyone lies, the religious, and the non-religious, they all lie about their greatest fear of death, Muslims fear Hell and its torment, this is true, but if their choice is between eternity in Hell under torment, or total annihilation, nothing, they will choose the first option. That what frightens us most in Death is complete unconsciousness, becoming nothing, as if we did not exist, simply disappearing and having no awareness, any sense of anything, forever. -Why would you choose torment over annihilation? -Because I will somehow adapt to it, we humans are able to adapt in all circumstances, and always have enough hope to be patient with them.”
“Time How I long for yesterday How I appreciate today How I look forward for tomorrow Without you, There will not be me. Without you, There is no chance for me. Without you, There is no more hope for me. You have given me memories of the past. You have given me opportunities to live now. You have given me dreams to live tomorrow.”
“The most successful people are full of enthusiasm. There is an unmistakable fire in their eyes. They speak and act with passion.”
“What would have become of Hercules do you think if there had been no lion, hydra, stag or boar - and no savage criminals to rid the world of? What would he have done in the absence of such challenges? Obviously he would have just rolled over in bed and gone back to sleep. So by snoring his life away in luxury and comfort he never would have developed into the mighty Hercules. And even if he had, what good would it have done him? What would have been the use of those arms, that physique, and that noble soul, without crises or conditions to stir into him action?”
“Sometimes an angel is found in the dark.”
“Worry is the only CURRENCY that steals your total dependence on God, it is the transaction that leaves you in a debt called DEFEAT; it is the broken wall that keeps you defenseless against your enemies.”
“Potato is still a potato but with time this world has changed so make sure you are not a potato.”
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”
“If you're reading this  Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.”
“The clarity that comes without desperation, is the clarity that carries authority”
“In fact that is why the lives of most women are so vaguely unsatisfactory. They are always doing secondary and menial things (that do not require all their gifts and ability) for others and never anything for themselves. Society and husbands praise them for it (when they get too miserable or have nervous breakdowns) though always a little perplexedly and half-heartedly and just to be consoling. The poor wives are reminded that that is just why wives are so splendid -- because they are so unselfish and self-sacrificing and that is the wonderful thing about them! But inwardly women know that something is wrong. They sense that if you are always doing something for others, like a servant or nurse, and never anything for yourself, you cannot do others any good. You make them physically more comfortable. But you cannot affect them spiritually in any way at all. For to teach, encourage, cheer up, console, amuse, stimulate or advise a husband or children or friends, you have to be something yourself. [ ]"If you would shut your door against the children for an hour a day and say; 'Mother is working on her five-act tragedy in blank verse!' you would be surprised how they would respect you. They would probably all become playwrights.”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“Leader, you have to know your why, for yourself and your business.”
“Unrealistic expectations are perilous because they are never met.”
“Only when you go against the flow will you find your own flow.”
“If your mind is in chains, nothing can free you. If your mind is free, nothing can enslave you. You can't become anyone's prisoner before becoming your own prisoner first, -Emit Eht Emit Eht, Ratna Srivastava, Philosophy, Life, wisdom, intelligence, inspirational, motivational,”
“Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.”
“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”
“When you struggle through hardship, tragedy, or suffering, there are two paths you can follow: either you can fall into depression and self-destructive behavior, or you can face the tragedy or challenge and become wiser and stronger than ever before. The choice is yours. Be wise. Take command. Take the second choice.”
“If you try and believe, it may not happen, but if you don't try and believe, it certainly won't happen.”
“Like a fighter pilot that goes full throttle, Like a bullet train that wants to lead, Like an inspiring game of spin the bottle, I desired creativity and its unique speed. Like a lady who walks with dignity and pride, Like a gentleman who stands by justice and truth, Like a loose cannon with a constructive attitude, I treasured the power of gratitude.”
“No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.”
“Hope like that, as I thought before, doesn’t make you a weak person. It’s hopelessness that makes you weak. Hope makes you stronger, because it brings with it a sense of reason. Not a reason for how or why they were taken from you, but a reason for you to live. Because it’s a maybe. A ‘maybe someday things won’t always be this shit.’ And that ‘maybe’ immediately makes the shittiness better.”
“The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude.”
“The human brain is capable of doing more than just thinking about earning bread and butter. Live your life to the fullest so that you won't regret it in future. Travel, explore, Learn, create, and help!”
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”
“To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.”
“Whenever we take a stand, we invite others who are siting on the sidelines to join us.”
“sometimes knowing when to give up is the real test of character  -annabelle granger”
“Anyone who knows me, should learn to know me again; For I am like the Moon, you will see me with new face everyday.”
“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
“If you’ve got a dozen pitchers, you need to speak 12 different languages.”
“Bearing crisis upon crisis, we shall rise as creator.”
“Go past the insecurity. Go past the little voice that says doing that thing will hurt you. Instead let the pain flow through you, and just hold on. At that very point, you will find yourself invincible.”
“Never pray to be a better slave when God is trying to get you out of your situation.”
“Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.”
“The wind of life is ever-present. We can fight against it and waste our energy, or we can use it to our advantage and redirect our sails towards a brighter future. Embrace the wind as an opportunity to push yourself beyond the limits and come out stronger on the other side!”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not let down the warrior in you by giving up. A Superwoman does not give up. She only lets go of what does not treat her right.”
“Be open to share and receive lessons. It's a cycle of life.”
“The young never fully appreciate what they mean to the old until they are old.”
“Nothing will work unless you do.”
“We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.”
“We yearn for there to be meaning to our lives, balanced with a sense of inner peace & joy.”
“Belief isn't supposed to make sense, at least not all the time. In that, it finds its power. It gets to creep up on you and carry you forward. Until you can carry yourself again.”
“Master the mind with meditation.”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“Alarm bells should be going off in your ahead as soon as you start living for the weekend as the sole source of reprieve and relaxation.”
“Even if life had happened the way you wanted, you would still be disgruntled because it is not what happens that makes you content but how you choose to react.”
“–It's when you're acting selflessly that you are at your bravest.– I understand now. He wasn’t persuading me to give up. He was reminding me why I couldn’t-because I had to protect Al.”
“Promise Yourself To be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. To talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet. To make all your friends feel that there is something in them To look at the sunny side of everything and make your optimism come true. To think only the best, to work only for the best, and to expect only the best. To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. To forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. To wear a cheerful countenance at all times and give every living creature you meet a smile. To give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others. To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble. To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world, not in loud words but great deeds. To live in faith that the whole world is on your side so long as you are true to the best that is in you.”
“There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we took the time to share what we had to give.”
“Life of any real value or substance is not formed during good times merely enjoyed.”
“I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky. ”
“I could steal words from my idol, Echo lyrics of a vinyl, But I have this feeling since we first met, That the right words haven’t been written yet.”
“Buddha had said: "Each of us is a God. Each of us knows all. We need only open our minds to hear our own wisdom.”
“I don’t want to freeze my eggs. I don’t want to visit a sperm bank. I don’t want to be a single parent, if I have any choice in the matter. I want a nuclear family. I want to put down roots, to let my seeds germinate, to watch them bloom and flourish. Not one day, if and when I ever fall in love again, but now. While I still have my youth, damn it.”
“A hero is not know by the number of battles he has won, but rather by the kind of battles he chooses to fight.”
“Happiness is permanent, what is temporary is sadness.”
“One glance brought you to your knees It was like a trip on a rocket to the moon She threw away fear’s locks and keys By playing to the magic of her own tune”
“Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different.”
“Obstacles are presented to us as an opportunity for growth.”
“Do what makes you happy and challenges you.”
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.”
“Don't be worrying about no wall. Your only concern is one brick." (Will's dad)”
“A diamond earns its sparkle from the pressure it endures.”
“Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply because we don't know what to do with it.”
“Strive For Perfection, cause perfection cannot be reached. But, grind like it exists so that you always do better than your best effort.”
“As we celebrate International Women’s Day, I would like to take a moment to honour and appreciate all the incredible women who have touched our lives in so many ways. To all the mothers, sisters, daughters, grandmothers, and friends who have shown us kindness, wisdom, and grace. Your strength, resilience, and perseverance continue to inspire us every day. You have been a constant source of support, and your guidance has helped us navigate through the toughest of times. No amount of gratitude is enough to thank you for everything that you have done for us. May you continue to shine your light and inspire others to do the same. May you be blessed with love, happiness, and success in all that you do. Happy International Women’s Day to all the incredible women out there!”
“That failure serves a purpose!”
“It is necessary for us to incur mistakes to refine the intricate art of existence.”
“If you unable to do then avoid ”
“Love can be a natural endowment, a present, or a gift. If it is not just a donation, it can be a divine talent. Since love is a silver bullet, it can make the unimaginable possible through the power of its inspiration. ("Love as dizzy as a cathedral")”
“If you can't feel gratitude when you are in need, the feeling of the need would never leave you even if it is fulfilled.”
“The downs in life only make you appreciate the ups much more.”
“Once you start being productive, dopamine is released in the striatum and parts of the prefrontal cortex. Suddenly you’ll have more energy and motivation to do the thing you really need to do.”
“Success and failure are derived not from anything you possess but rather by the things you do. Your successes and failures rest on your actions and your actions alone.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“For the world is in a bad state, but everything will become still worse unless each of us does his best.”
“Is this how we want to live our lives Is this how we want to shape our archives Angry and bitter from moments that left us empty Forgetting why we ever thought it was a good decision To get stuck tied down in the wrong kind of vision”
“Seek comfort when in need.”
“Have a clear vision as to where you are heading in life. Things might not go to plan, but as long as you stick to the plan one day, you will cherish the day you began.”
“Never lose faith and God will reward you”
“No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!”
“The things which I have here promised, I will perform, and keep, so help me God.” Queen Elizabeth – The Queen’s Coronation Oath, 1953”
“The key to adopting novelty is to understand what it entails: introduction of unplanned choices or pursuits.”
“Don't be afraid to be afraid. Have fear, and then conquer the shit out of it.”
“In misery, do not be sad but sing.”
“Death comes to us all; we can only choose how to face it when it comes.”
“The thorns we endure in life are but shadowed by the precious petals of a rosey outlook.”
“The right mindset is the first step towards the journey.”
“It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them.”
“Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not sand.”
“Those who can't do, mock, those who do, have no time to mock.”
“In the South American rainforest, there is a tribe called the Desana, who see the world as a fixed quantity of energy that flows between all creatures. Every birth must therefore engender a death, and every death brings forth another birth. This way, the energy of the world remains complete. When they hunt for food, the Desana know the animals they kill will leave a hole in the spiritual well. But that hole will be filled, they believe, by the Desana hunters when they die. Were there no men dying, there would be no birds or fish being born. I like this idea. Morrie likes it, too. The closer he gets to goodbye, the more he seems to feel we are all creatures in the same forest. What we take, we must replenish. "It's only fair," he says.”
“There is nothing more beautiful than a blue sky and fresh air. Be one with the sky.”
“Allow yourself to think, reflect and strategize in the white space moments.”
“Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.”
“Never stop growing, and never stop smiling.”
“Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.”
“No great wisdom can be reached without sacrifice.”
“Always remember how brave a wild seed is. It is buried in darkness, covered by the heaviness of dirt and uncertainty, and yet without anyone watering it, it nurtures itself in the soul of the soil and it bursts through the weighted barriers, up towards the sunshine, only to become absolutely brilliant and beautiful. It grows and thrives in spite of what it has endured. Be that seed and do not give up on that nearly impossible dream, because as I’ve said a thousand times, nearly impossible is still possible.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Excitement spreads beneath when you lock your feet to the dancing beat,”
“Written words can also sing.”
“Till our next generations are not taught about the price paid by our ancestors to retain our identity, the will wind up choosing wrong Heroes.”
“Self-doubt is the way to self-discovery.”
“My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.”
“We all glow differently!”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“Free at last, Free at last, Thank God almighty we are free at last.”
“We can't see beauty. We have eyes!”
“I attribute my success to this:—I never gave or took an excuse.”
“You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”
“If arguing was a sport, I would love to lose it every time to win friends.”
“I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.”
“It's a New Year New Goals New Aspirations New Affirmations I'm Motivated I'm Driven”
“The world isn’t changed by people who are ready.”
“I see myself as a Scottish sky: there are rain clouds, rainbows and sunrays that run and overtake one another, mingle together and dance with each other! You see all of this within seconds of looking up! It’s a living sky, it breathes and it’s real! And I think that when you look at me, you’ll see my rain clouds first, because only after rainclouds can there come the rainbows. You see, if the rainbows come first, then the rainbows aren’t even real, so I think that if people deserve to see my real rainbows, then they will just know that they need to stick around through the rain! Like a Scottish sky, I want to be real and breathing and running. I don’t want to be a clear blue all the time, or a dark grey all the time or have fake rainbows painted onto me; I want to be Scottish.”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“Is it easy? Usually not. But you don't forgive people for their benefit. You do it for your benefit.”
“I promise. For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote: To think and try not to over think. To breathe, but not hyperventilate. To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst. To call you when I'm in trouble. To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.”
“Peace is not a result inside us from everything around us. Peace is not submissive nor passive. On the contrary, peace is an overwhelming force which comes from within us, disrespectful of everything around us, a firm coalition of spirit and soul standing against all the unrest that abounds.”
“Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information.”
“Pain is a prerequisite to greatness”
“The kind of seed sown will yield the same type of fruit.”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth  This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“Humans are the greatest mines. The deposits in the earth of our body are greater than the deposits in the earth of the ground. The deposits in the earth of our body are called Potentials.”
“I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.”
“ (W)here there's drama, there's crap.”
“I hold in a lot. When I’m in pain, I don’t like to worry about other people. No matter how hard I cry, or how much somebody asks, my answer will be, I’m fine. Even if it’s not true..”
“Every mother has to take care of her family.”
“Firm was my resolve and fragile was my heart. I saw many ends and many a start.”
“The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!”
“Fate is an elevator if you click on the luck button, it will rise up to and unless you work hard with passion”
“I Like the Way You Are Getting up in the morning attending to your personal care because you care for yourself. You approach your day with perspectives because you are thoughtful. You have feelings as what people say to you or don’t say to you. You have moments of emotional expressions because you care about what is happening. You want to cry because you care deeply with your heart. You know you need help because you are able to recognize your needs. You want help because you want to improve yourself. You are looking for help because you are strong. You offer help because you are considerate of others. You are physically strong because you maintain yourself healthy and strong. You exercise your talents and skills because you want to contribute to the big picture. You should be proud of yourself for honoring yourself. I like the way you are.”
“You don't have to be a hero to accomplish great things---to compete. You can just be an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals.”
“You be as angry as you need to be," she said. "Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Not your grandma, not your dad, no one. And if you need to break things, then by God, you break them good and hard." He couldn't look at her. He just couldn't. "And if, one day," she said, really crying now, "you look back and you feel bad for being so angry, if you feel bad for being so angry at me that you couldn't even speak to me, then you have to know, Conor, you have to know that it was okay . It was okay. That I knew. I know , okay? I know everything you need to tell me without you having to say it out loud. All right?" He still couldn't look at her. He couldn't raise his head, it felt so heavy. He was bent in two, like he was being torn right down through his middle. But he nodded.”
“Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul.”
“If anyone needs a role model for inspiration in any field, then Messi is the Man.”
“It's not that I dislike you; it's only that in your presence I can't like myself.”
“Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.”
“All worthy work is open to interpretations the author did not intend. Art isn't your pet -- it's your kid. It grows up and talks back to you.”
“the joy that you give to others is the joy that comes back to you”
“a subtle kind of murder happens when parents don’t allow their children to be the people they’re meant to be love means letting your child just live free”
“Try not to fear what you do not understand. Be open and allow yourself to learn new things in life. Ignorance is truly NOT bliss.”
“Life's short. Live passionately.”
“You can’t conjure up moments of clarity at will, but you can make a habit of quieting yourself and giving them the opportunity to occur.”
“For those who never be in the labor ward where everyone arrival at hospital or any where baby delivered.The helpers who help mother to deliver the baby they focus on that process heppen to be successfully cause the life& death of mom and baby involved them on that moment while they are hands they use to praying heartly in order to keep mom alive and well while the baby's arrive the moment baby arrival use to cry that is very important cause that tell them that baby is alive if this not heppening they force it to be heppen by that I mean crying is starting gear of everything.”
“Hell and heaven exist in the present moment. Stop worrying about heaven because they are both present right now.”
“Thoughts don't become things; thoughts ARE things.”
“A person who is truly cool is a work of art. And remember, original works of art cost exponentially higher than imitations. Just take a look at the the coolest people in history. They will always be a part of history for being extremely original individuals, not imitations.”
“Societies in decline have no use for visionaries.”
“The goal shouldn’t be to make the perfect decision every time but to make less bad decisions than everyone else.”
“Each day begins a new journey of life, for if we awake, there is a reason.”
“If we come from the water, I conclude that we come from different kinds of it. I will meet a person and in his eyes see an ocean, deep and never ending; then I will meet another person and feel as though I have stepped into a shallow puddle on the street, there is nothing in it. Or maybe some of us come from the water, and some of us come from somewhere else; then it's all a matter of finding those who are the same as us.”
“By helping others, we expand our joy and fly like we were born to do so.”
“Your true friends are those who are TRULY happy for you when you succeed. Be that true friend for others.”
“To see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. If there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. To make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes.”
“Don't despair nor be discouraged.”
“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”
“The only true failure is allowing fear of failure to prevent you from acting and pursuing your dreams.”
“but this payment goes well beyond my generosity." "don't say that again. Life might be listening and give you less the next time.”
“You know what I can't understand? You have all these people telling you all the time how great you are, smart and funny and talented and all that, I mean endlessly, I've been telling you for years. So why don't you believe it? why do you think people say that stuff, Em? Do you think it's a conspiracy, people secretly ganging up to be nice about you?”
“If you train your eyes to see the good in others, you will inspire them to see the good in themselves.”
“You are not special, but you are unique.”
“Please don't entertain for a moment the utterly mistaken idea that there is no drudgery in writing. There is a great deal of drudgery in even the most inspired, the most noble, the most distinguished writing. Read what the great ones have said about their jobs; how they never sit down to their work without a sigh of distress and never get up from it witout a sigh of relief. Do you imagine that your Muse is forever flamelike -- breathing the inspired word, the wonderful situation, the superb solution into your attentive ear?   Believe me, my poor boy, if you wait for inspiration in our set-up, you'll wait for ever.”
“A man can win against any powerful person if he decides to fight with the will to win at any cost under any condition.”
“The lust for comfort kills the passions of the soul.”
“Humility is not weakness but a price for greatness. Be humble for CHRIST sake and watch GOD take you to places you never dreamt.”
“If you do the same as me or my generation, you will get the same results. B E B O L D. Go against the grain.”
“Storms make trees take deeper roots.”
“Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.”
“A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.”
“Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I always say, a friend is for life!”
“Release stress through dancing steps and find healing for yourself.”
“Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.”
“Feeling beautiful has nothing to do with what you look like, I promise.”
“Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.”
“Everything that matters rests on the realization that this life is an inside job”
“It did matter to get out of bed. There were webs to weave. Strings to grasp. Packages to deliver. Conversations to start. Thoughts to be expressed. Sams to slam into. Oceans to swim. And sad little men hiding in electrical sockets, waiting to be born of the human imagination.”
“Achieving a mixture of both short term and long term goals provides a healthy composite of feedback, where we reap the rewards of our efforts on a consistent basis.”
“Whatever you are looking for is also looking for you. You see, don't only look. Be available and ready when it shows up”
“To be is to do.”
“Safe is better than sorry. Nope. Risk is better than regret.”
“Elevate the dance with your stance, as each movement brings harmony to the heart.”
“Love is the only thing that we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy.”
“The magic to recruiting is going to where the people are, and the people are living on social media.”
“While destination see far away, Then see in telescope and keep moving”
“Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.”
“Discrete environments will be a thing of past. We are moving towards an incessant world - a world of infinite possibilities. Soon we will be entering the black hole of uncertainties. Are we ready for it?”
“Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.”
“Our hearts beat in unison, in time with the rhythm of life.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“The present moment is the source of life in all its richness and potential. Recognise that the source of now is here and seize the opportunity to live fully in the present.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Self-respect is the root of discipline: The sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.”
“You opinions about me does not change who I am.”
“Hope appears as a distant stranger Where ghosts are quiet and lack strength Unaware that they will confront danger When ideas start to display their length”
“Self-love is the balance between accepting yourself as you are while knowing that you deserve better and working towards it.”
“Life is neither fair, nor a fair; for a fair ends, life goes on. Stay motivated.”
“I have realized that whatever good comes to me, comes from God, whatever bad comes to me, God has allowed it, and I choose to be thankful for both.”
“The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“If my family is the price of my success, then I am grateful to have had so little of it.”
“Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Muses are too unreliable to keep on the payroll.”
“Become braver, stronger, wiser, kinder, and you will become better.”
“We've all got them, the lighters of the way, those mythological wonders who glow in our dark.”
“Dissimulation is a very feminine art. A woman who never dissembles must be trying to look something else.”
“Energy and vibration matter. They are proven to impact everything. The energy you allow into your life impacts your frequency and vibration, and it’s important to be aware of this.”
“Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.”
“God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one”
“If you can't help your self, God can help you, if you call on him, so that eventually you be able to do what must be done.”
“Brain endeavours to import knowledge and export ideas when fed with motivation and supplemented further, with a meaningful purpose.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“The Imagination merely enables us to wander into the darkness of the unknown where, by the dim light of the knowledge we carry, we may glimpse something that seems of interest. But when we bring it out and examine it more closely it usually proves to be only trash whose glitter had caught our attention. Imagination is at once the source of all hope and inspiration but also of frustration. To forget this is to court despair.”
“It's not breaking the rules What I find makes fun. It is However outsmarting the system and finding a way around it that brings me joy and satisfaction”
“We have every opportunity to lead our lives beyond mediocrity when infused by a greater purpose than our own. Persist. Persist. Persist—with the greatest good at heart.”
“We humans are sucker for soft power.”
“Living is no laughing matter: You must take it seriously. So much so and to such a degree that, for example, your hands tied behind your back, your back to the wall or else in a laboratory in your white coat and safety glasses, you can die for people – even for people whose faces you’ve never seen, even though you know living is the most real, most beautiful thing. I mean, you must take living so seriously that even at seventy, for example, you’ll plant olive trees – and not for your children, either, but because, although you fear death you don’t believe it, because living, I mean, weighs heavier. - "On Living”
“Everybody in this world has something they need from it. We all have a shadow side, a kink in our personalities, a hunger that leaves us starving, whether we realize it or not.”
“Each person you meet is an aspect of yourself, clamoring for love.”
“In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.”
“A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could”
“People should be getting bad services or product because you chose to be in the wrong field or you chose to hate your job, supervisor, manager , boss, employment or what you do.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Not being heard is no reason for silence.”
“Only hardship softens the hardness of the human heart.”
“Never let your past mistakes cause you to doubt your future”
“You can go into any big corporation with clarity and confidence of your skills and knowledge and get job without degree.”
“Failure is the greatest teacher.”
“Imagine meeting someone who wants to understand your past not to judge or punish you, but to understand how you needed to be loved.”
“Love is too precious to be ashamed of.”
“Don't have HOPE that your situation will be better. Have HOPE that your future will be brighter.”
“Building a successful life requires effort. The more effort you put into what you do, the more result you would see.”
“Souls reconstructed with faith transform agony into peace.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“I believe, with all my heart, that anyone can improve and create a life they love from where they are right now.”
“I am not a smart man, particularly, but one day, at long last, I stumbled from the dark woods of my own, and my family's, and my country's past, holding in my hands these truths: that love grows from the rich loam of forgiveness; that mongrels make good dogs; that the evidence of God exists in the roundness of things. This much, at least, I've figured out. I know this much is true.”
“When you have an understanding of how things work, you will know better how to work things out”
“The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.”
“When you don't pay attention to your intuition, or go against it, you may find that you feel a certain heaviness, lack of energy, a kind of deadness. This is because the life force is trying to come through and move you in a certain way, and it is being blocked.”
“The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.”
“Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.”
“Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.”
“it should be noted that an essential variable within the psychotherapeutic process is the client's motivation or willingness to change. If this element is missing, it is difficult or impossible to make any progress, as most mental health professionals will attest. This requires that the client take responsibility for his or her behavior and choices, and exert effort to make the necessary changes.”
“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
“I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”
“Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.”
“Our worlds are an A.I. rendering of our inputs. Be curious, travel, and elpore to create a better world.”
“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
“Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.”
“The first rule of truly living is to do the things you're most afraid of.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.”
“Do not limit yourself to your own preconceptions of yourself, but throw yourself out onto a blank page that you haven't written on yet, and see what you find out about you, see what story unfolds, see what happens! I always do this, and sometimes it can be very frightening! To very often have a blank page with nothing written on it yet! I feel as though I am a soul with a single covering–my body of skin– and that's the only thing between me on the inside and the rest of the world! It's quite frightening to begin each day on a blank page, forgetting your own preconceptions of yourself and allowing your mind to embrace the new! It is like meeting yourself for the first time, over and over again!”
“I achieved nothing great without passion and enthusiasm. It is the fuel that ignites the fire within us, propelling us forward in pursuit of our dreams and goals.”
“You’re already in the territory of the flowers. It’s only a matter of time before you bloom.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.”
“Words save our lives, sometimes.”
“Have you realized that most of your unhappiness in life is due to the fact that you are listening to yourself instead of talking to yourself? Take those thoughts that come to you the moment you wake up in the morning. You have not originated them but they are talking to you, they bring back the problems of yesterday, etc. Somebody is talking. Who is talking to you? Your self is talking to you. Now this man’s treatment [in Psalm 42] was this: instead of allowing this self to talk to him, he starts talking to himself. “Why art thou cast down, O my soul?” he asks. His soul had been depressing him, crushing him. So he stands up and says, “Self, listen for moment, I will speak to you.”
“Most ideas are born and lost in isolation.”
“No matter how well our lives appear to be proceeding, we will inevitably encounter days when the weight of the world feels more than we can handle.”
“Love changes things; hope allows us to endure until the change arrives.”
“I'm the biggest critic of my own work, but sometimes you nail a chapter so good that you have to take a step back and admire that bitch.”
“Life will always have highs and lows. Learn to live triumphantly, no matter what happens.”
“It's an enormous wall that's built between you and your dreams. And if every day, you just chip away  It may take ten years, but eventually you just might see some light.”
“She is involved in work her soul must have.”
“Solitude is not loneliness. Instead, they are loving cousins that can both learn from one another.”
“There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance; that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better, for worse, as his portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till. The power which resides in him is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.”
“The tricky part about discovering our giftedness is that it may be in an area that feels unexpected.”
“Peace begins with a smile..”
“If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.”
“Nobody gets praised for the right reasons.”
“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”
“The time we spend here on earth is like a droplet in a pail of eternity. Yet that one droplet affects all the others in that bucket.”
“Think of your many years of procrastination; how the gods have repeatedly granted you further periods of grace, of which you have taken no advantage. It is time now to realise the nature of the universe to which you belong, and of that controlling Power whose offspring you are; and to understand that your time has a limit set to it. Use it, then, to advance your enlightenment; or it will be gone, and never in your power again.”
“God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.”
“IT'S NOT ALWAYS ABOUT THE POUNDS LOST MORE ABOUT THE STRENGTH GAINED QWANA B.G.R.F”
“I don't give up. That makes me incredibly resilient or maybe stupid or just plain stubborn. Whichever ”
“Divided was man, but the thread of dance united us as one truth.”
“A complete stranger has the capacity to alter the life of another irrevocably. This domino effect has the capacity to change the course of an entire world. That is what life is; a chain reaction of individuals colliding with others and influencing their lives without realizing it. A decision that seems miniscule to you, may be monumental to the fate of the world.”
“If you think you are beaten, you are If you think you dare not, you don't, If you like to win, but you think you can't It is almost certain you won't. If you think you'll lose, you're lost For out of the world we find, Success begins with a fellow's will It's all in the state of mind. If you think you are outclassed, you are You've got to think high to rise, You've got to be sure of yourself before You can ever win a prize. Life's battles don't always go To the stronger or faster man, But soon or late the man who wins Is the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!”
“The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.”
“When you know you can build something big, don't depend on investors or anyone else, just focus on your goal and make it happen”
“Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit”
“Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy—the experiences that make us the most vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.”
“Beauty Makeover doesn't promote fakeness or being photo copy a by doing that you abuse it.”
“Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.”
“Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.”
“Small habits, big results. Prioritizing daily routines that align with your goals is like laying a foundation for success. It creates a ripple effect that boosts your productivity, sharpens your decision-making, and makes the impossible feel possible.”
“There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.”
“Dear Superwoman, Take back your power. Let go of the resentment and frustration so that you can be set free.”
“In uncertain times, it's okay to feel scared and upset. Let those emotions be real. The Universe reminds us we can't control it all, but trust in the journey, for it won't let you fall.”
“Act like a champion, and then become one.”
“I loved the love and i still love of it, because it's a light break in endless darkness, the lake that awaits you on the desert, the rose that cannot wither, the warm nest of birds. Love, between hello and goodbye we never are alone.”
“A dream is an idea involving a sense of possibilities rather than probabilities, of potential rather than limits. A dream is the wellspring of passion, giving us direction and pointing us to lofty heights. It is an expression of optimism, hope and values lofty enough to capture the imagination and engage the spirit. Dreams grab us and move us. They are capable of lifting us to new heights and overcoming self-imposed limitations.”
“You're either moving forward or standing still, and if you're standing still, you might as well be moving backwards.”
“In imagination she sailed over storied seas that wash the distant shining shores of "faëry lands forlorn," where lost Atlantis and Elysium lie, with the evening star for pilot, to the land of Heart's Desire. And she was richer in those dreams than in realities; for things seen pass away, but the things that are unseen are eternal.”
“We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world”
“A woman of strength may appear weak on the outside, but it does not mean she is weak on the inside.”
“Toronto is a city of dreamers, believers and achievers, whose success is measured against the CN Tower.”
“Let bitches be bitches; they get to do what they do best while you get your peace of mind and a good laugh! -Emit Eht.”
“Uniqueness is what makes you the most beautiful.”
“On the road to liberation, learn to press Next. Even if there is no such an option.”
“This trying time did take a toll on my mental bearing. I turned to classical music for the healing touch and to recoup. There were days when I would wake up in the wee hours and start practising vocal music vigorously. I never bothered if I sounded great or not; the very exercise gave me tremendous amounts of mental calmness ”
“There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.”
“Go so fast you leave fear behind”
“Compassion is a virtue gifted to us. Do Not let the world kill it. This highest quality of being morally right or justifiable is showered upon us with an intention to live and let live. To be kind to yourself and ALL other lives.”
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass; it’s about learning to dance in the rain.”
“If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.”
“The heart of wisdom is tolerance.”
“A Woman in harmony with her spirit is like a river flowing. She goes where she will without pretense and arrives at her destination prepared to be herself and only herself ”
“Creativity enhances all senses. But the best part is that one gets to tap into their sixth sense as well.”
“Your highest thoughts sometimes arise in your lowest moments.”
“Dear Superwoman, Be on guard all the time. Be careful of what you let into your mind and what you give from your heart. You have one heart, after all.”
“Keep writing, dreaming and creating. There are no boundaries to your imagination. Writers are gifts to the world.”
“The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.”
“Life is the only trip where the journey is more important than the destination.”
“Stories make us more alive, more human, more courageous, more loving.”
“You shall see the true amount of effort and sacrifice to be incurred when pursuing your passions.”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.”
“No matter how glossy your lips is what I say is it can kill or make someone live either you or someone else better watch it that what bible says.”
“Art builds upon art, builds upon art nothing is purely original. We're all inspired by something or someone. It's a never-ending chain of ideas and it's magical.”
“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
“Do you know why I believe in the Lord Jesus and what He says? Because He has proved to me that He has my best interests at heart. What could He do that He did not do? He already gave His life for us (Romans 5:8-10; 8:32)”
“Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.”
“Remember that a wish held fervently turns into belief, and a belief held diligently becomes reality.”
“What I’m praying is that you will choose those beautiful possibilities over any self-annihilating alternatives. My whole life on earth has been the weaving of a single powerful spell. The best part of all my magic was loving you.” (as spoken by the character Valerie Hyerman)”
“but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.”
“Once you feel accomplished doing the inside work, the outside work will start to become easier, like second nature, because now you have mastered how to use your internal feelings to fuel your physical world.”
“After everything has been said and done, all you have is your story. Make sure it's worth telling.”
“When you trust your inner guidance and begin moving in the direction of your dreams (aligned with your individual gifts) you will be cloaked in an armor bestowed upon you by your guardian angel.”
“Behind all seen things lies something vaster; everything is but a path, a portal or a window opening on something other than iteself. ”
“Should a man not seek guidance from his Maker who made him?”
“There is nothing offensive about the truth ~ Peter Ojo”
“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
“The smallest light has greater power than the largest darkness.”
“Happy people don’t compare themselves with others. If they like something in another person, it inspires them to do something a little different in themselves. They don’t waste energy on jealousy.”
“The smarter you are, the lonelier you will become.”
“Leading from the front is cliché. I lead from the back to push you forward or be there to catch you. I lead from the side because Im your ally and here to serve you. Leaders are accessible at all times.”
“What would you do if you weren't afraid?”
“Now it my time to thanks God openly with my rough life journey if I didnt go through in it I wouldnt speak with you here, reach things that I have right now and become person that I am when I compare my life before and after it improved a lot and I'm so greatful it make me agree that there were no mistakes on passing on those situations the thing I like the most is the person I became. Now I can boost,motivate you on your own journey I'm a best person to tell you bolde now that in patient there's success by trust and believe in God you never loose and it your arrow & sheild.”
“I close my eyes and I can see a better day. I close my eyes and pray”
“The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.”
“Their fight is not against me and you only, but against all humanity, they are afraid of something we do not know! They know, Robert, they know where we come from, where we are going, but they do not want us to know that. Perhaps the first humans knew, and over the years, Satan gained control over us and began to distort our goals in this life, until we became what we are, mere slaves to imaginary systems created by their minds. Nationalities, religions, cultures, races, and everything noble in this world, are distorted by our minds to become a cause of division and a source of conflict and clash, internal wars in which people of the same nationality kill each other due to differences in skin color, or the length of the nose! Watch the march of technical and scientific development! When scientists were able to probe the mysteries of space, this turned into a source of conflict between the great powers! And instead of uniting to go further, their minds froze as we arrived, around the Earth, investing all these technologies in spying, encryption, and communications satellites, to protect ourselves from ourselves! We were drained as well as our time and resources in side struggles. Atomic, nuclear, and hydrogen energy, instead of focusing most of our focus on becoming a source of scientific exploration and jumping towards finding answers, their minds have devised to become an arms race to threaten each other and annihilate each other! The bulk of the discovery has been frozen in Bombs and Weapons! Why does a country have thousands of nuclear and hydrogen bombs? What is the purpose of pushing all these capabilities on this huge number of bombs? A hundred hydrogen bombs are enough to destroy the earth and those on it, but it has become a source of attrition. They are like parasites, Robert, whose job it is to seize control of every discovery, invention, and idea, which will advance us forward, lay their hands on them, freeze and drain them in strife, divisions, and competition with their supposed opponents. Humans do not fight for food or life, they fight for distraction, attrition, and all the other reasons you may hear, beliefs, ideologies, and racism, they are all just excuses our minds have been able to find to mislead us, they are nothing but a cover to hide the reality of our permanent occupation in infighting. We are of three types: A few are enlightened, they control their minds, but they are marginalized, warriors, they have no means. Most are absent, savages, busy with their daily sustenance, tools used by Satan to suppress the few who are enlightened. And the few that Satan has control over them, those who control everything around us, they enslave us. A vast secret purge that takes place in secret, whoever understands, realizes, decides to get out of the box, his fate is in the army of Satan, or death, they will take him to their secret societies, to become one of their soldiers, or get rid of him. They are not ghosts, Robert, they are among us, they have headquarters in various parts of the world, and internal laws, and ranks and ranks of their associates, and internal order. I am not talking about a secret group whose name you have previously heard, blown up by the media, like Freemasonry. No, it is not like this. These groups are nothing but distractions for our work on them, so we keep looking in the wrong place. He was afraid of her words, and he was afraid of what was happening around him recently, and he feared for her, she seemed to believe in every letter of it as if she was repeating a speech she was told, which she memorized by heart. What scared me the most, was that everything she said sounded like Mousa said, quite logical…”
“Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself  You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.”
“Do not ever let someone tell you that you can’t do something — not even yourself.”
“Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world.”
“I am not this skin, this flesh, this bone, this hair, or this other physical component; rather, I am the soul that resides there.”
“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”
“Darkness ages faster than you’d think. It doesn’t loiter on forever”
“At times, it can be incredibly difficult to look past our imperfections, given the high expectations set by our family and peers.”
“It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
“I stay cool, and dig all jive, That's the way I stay alive. My motto, as I live and learn, is Dig and be dug In return.”
“With every word we speak, we have the power to ignite a flame of inspiration in someone's heart and change their world forever.”
“I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.”
“Romanticizing the past will keep you stuck in a cycle that you were meant to grow and move on from for awhile now. You're delaying the inevitable and pushing away what was sent as a helping hand. Don't keep yourself trapped in memories or you will continue to stay in a state of deep dissatisfaction with your present and future life. That's not what you want for yourself, correct?”
“For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.”
“If you want to tell the world who you are, then the world must first show what you do.”
“If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.”
“Life is a boomerang. What you give, you get.”
“Remember, if you tolerate mediocrity, then that's all you'll ever achieve! This applies to everything from self-talk to goals, so don't let the past determine your future.”
“He talked about the future with such certainty, he might have been talking about the past.”
“Women are the armour of thousands of lives that rise up and shield one another from the darkest wounds.”
“Inspiration comes of working every day.”
“Dear Superwoman, It is hard to understand certain things all the time. Not every question will have an answer. So, leave what you cannot answer to the One Above. One day, He will give you the right answer.”
“One day you will thank yourself for not settling and never giving up on you. So, go 'head and take a bow in advance. You did it!”
“It is not the size of the dog in the fight that counts, but the fight in the dog that wins.”
“Language imparts identity, meaning, and perspective to our human condition. Writers are either polluters or part of the cleanup.”
“When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”
“Sometimes you wonder why life is been so hard on you. You're not in the wrong place, it's just that life takes turn. When it's your turn, everything will be like a miracle.”
“We must actively work to fend off frivolous distractions and activities that will not cultivate a state of growth and bliss.”
“What we want comes from participation; life does not happen by itself; we must make it happen.”
“5 Ways To Build Your Brand on Social Media: 1 Post content that add value 2 Spread positivity 3 Create steady stream of info 4 Make an impact 5 Be yourself”
“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise embrace the entity of yourself you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”
“Real courage lies in being able to believe in yourself enough to try again tomorrow, even after a tough day.”
“Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.”
“Death is the ultimate vacation: you’re with the stars, you don’t have to pay rent, everyone loves you, and nothing hurts. So, it’s very important you save death for later.”
“Tell them a lie big enough, they'll worship you as a sage. Tell them a truth big enough and they'll mock you.”
“She was getting up half an hour earlier than usual to do her sun salutations and repeat her mantras. "Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift," she'd chant to herself as she brushed her teeth. "It's not happy people who are grateful, it's grateful people who are happy," she'd say as she brushed her hair.”
“Ignorance isn’t always the problem. Sometimes, it’s also the solution. It depends on how you see it.”
“When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.”
“Life is filled with unanswered questions, but it is the courage to seek those answers that continues to give meaning to life. You can spend your life wallowing in despair, wondering why you were the one who was led towards the road strewn with pain, or you can be grateful that you are strong enough to survive it.”
“Improvement makes strait roads, but the crooked roads without Improvement, are roads of Genius.”
“The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.”
“A lot of pieces I have written have to do with courage. As a result, people think that I am naturally brave. But what people don't know, is that I grew up with phobias and many fears. I was scared of everything. So, I write of courage not because I have not known fear, but I write of courage because I have walked with fear but I have made the choice not to fear it.”
“Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.”
“The “Me” comprises the mind and the body. Property, knowledge, and relationships are all part of “mine.” “Not mine” refers to everything else in the world over which one has no control.”
“Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
“The Universe always conspires to inspire." A'na's Gift (Pieces to the Puzzle) 2022 by Sherri Bridges Fox”
“It may be escapist, but if I have a choice between watching the news or reading a book which gets me to see the world through different eyes, I will always choose the latter!”
“How different could the world be if we can like people for what they chose to be than dislike them for what we want them to become?”
“Set yourself free not to harm any soul. But to feel your soul.”
“Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.”
“Take calculated risks! Test the water with one toe at a time. Don’t throw yourself in the pool all at once. That’s the best way to learn and adjust your plan!”
“Express what others are afraid to express and they will see great power in you.”
“You are only right when your timing is right, but you are never right when your timing is not right, no matter how hard you struggle to get your timing right.”
“ prizes are nothing. My prize is my work.”
“Worship is unto God as the Word of God is unto man.”
“Actions are the seed of destiny.”
“What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well ”
“To Succeed, you must reach for the stars, and let your imagination find its own path”
“I used to tell my kids, there are TWO ways to make the best sandcastle. Work hard to make the best sandcastle you can, motivating other kids to do the same and then improving your sandcastle as needed. Other is simpler; just go knock down everyone else's sandcastle so your little pile of sand is the best.”
“What would people think?' Jesus said that people think all sorts of things. The human mind is like a cloud of gnats. Constant motion. That's why you have to look at the heart. 'Oh,' said Grandpa.”
“The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make. The mold of your life is in your hands to break." J.R.R. Tolkien”
“You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”
“Accept any amount of progression with a sense of comfort.”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
“If someone insults you, just chalk it up to them being at a lost for words.”
“Remain patient in your ways, for with The Universe, there are no delays and your rewards will do nothing but amaze.”
“Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.”
“You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.”
“As a creative, you need to curate an environment that inspires you on a daily. This includes your living space, the people you surround yourself with, social media timelines, etc. Everything you willingly allow around you should be your muse.”
“When you're ready to start taking ownership of your future, amazing things can happen.”
“An intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils".”
“The world seems void of silence whenever footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.”
“Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.”
“Virtues sketch the values, not aesthetics.”
“The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.”
“Dear Superwoman, Working hard is not a waste of time. As long as you are doing what is right, one day, you will get a great reward.”
“It’s pretty confusing.” “Good. Be confused. Confusion is where inspiration comes from.”
“She appears quiet and subdued. The paradox: Raging storms twirl inside her.”
“Self-care isn’t just about taking care of your body – it’s about tending to your mental health too, and that’s something all of us could use a little more of!”
“It is quite a revelation to discover that the place you wanted to escape to is the exact same place you escaped from. That the prison wasn't the place, but the perspective.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“More darkness make more visibility of light. Similarly in group of bad people small positive step will glow and shine.”
“«With the best will in the world—and I was so, so very motivated to not be dinner—I couldn’t drag my leaden limbs any further. I stumbled once, twice, staggered to a defeated halt, and crashed to my knees».”
“Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.”
“Every ending is a new beginning, and every path leads to a different destination.”
“Hiding your pain is the worst lie you can tell yourself. Be honest with your feelings. Never be afraid to tell people how you feel about the way they treat you. Your truth is your power. #Healfromwithin”
“Every man reaches his destination, if he just keeps walking”
“We do have the option to make use of our time more intelligently.”
“Life is really very simple. In each moment, we have the opportunity to choose between saying “yes” or “no”, to listen to our intuition, to listen to our true inner voice, the Existential voice within ourselves. When we say “yes”, we have contact with Existence and we receive nourishment, love, joy, support and inspiration. When we say “no”, we create a separation from life and begin to create dreams and expectations of how it should be. We begin to live in the memories of the past and in the fantasies of the future – as if any other time than here and now really could make us happy and satisfied.”
“As long as there is a spark in you, you, like a Phoenix, can rise from the ashes, get your life on track, and take it to newer and higher levels.”
“Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.”
“When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.”
“When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.”
“Shino looked at me straight in the eye and smiled, her face brimming with a kind of inner strength. That strength seemed to gather the beads of perspiration that glistened on her brow, then sprang from her face and leapt across to my heart with a rhythm like ripples on water.”
“Everything is hard, but your dreams are not impossible. If you have seen it with your mind’s eye, it is indeed quite achievable.”
“There are Tantrics who deliberately seek to do more active forms of renunciation, so transgression of social norms and breaking of taboo, and breaking of social taboos especially, is a form of renunciation.”
“When we are aware of our weaknesses or negative tendencies, we open the opportunity to work on them.”
“When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.”
“In today’s consumerism-driven world, we often become obsessed with owning the newest gadgets, brands, and fashion. Material wealth and social status are false paths to happiness.”
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." i love it so much”
“Sell what others can't! Always remember  UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!”
“Don't cope with problems; fix them.”
“True love mends broken hearts and never changes no matter what the circumstances are, but the fake eventually destroys someone's heart.”
“Inspiration surrounds us in nature, art, kindness, and within ourselves.”
“I began writing this book in 2007 and it has been a series of challenges from day one…I wanted it to be a complete book, filled with my own experiences with dogs for the past 30 years as well as different voices from different fields across the globe & their experiences.”
“To shift, drift, and move, most glorious, is the blessing of dance.”
“Being a candle is difficult because one must first burn in order to emit light.”
“Awakening The historical agonizing moments of hysteria mocking, left negative imprints into my tomorrow mourning, triggering constant anxiousness in the moment worrying, worrying about the past is not living for tomorrow. Awakening from historical trauma is moving forward to live today and for tomorrow. Facing tomorrow, must Live in the present day. Living at the moment, awakening begins. Feeling the moment awakening awakens. Awakening allows genuine moments to penetrate. Awakening aware of the past. Awakening is in the present. Awakening creates new memories of the present time. Awakening willing to be there for tomorrow. You have awakened from the past, living in present and facing forward tomorrow. You are well awaken living your life. ”
“It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. Its about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It about what you've given back" (23).”
“When you are up against a wall, put down roots like a tree, until clarity comes from deeper sources to see over that wall and grow.”
“Embrace your diverse, prismatic colors! They make you uniquely you!”
“Others may write from the head, but he writes from the heart, and the heart will always understand him.”
“It's definitely difficult being a woman and growing up a girl. When you're graceful, people say you lack personality; when you're serene, people say you're boring; when you're confident, people say you're arrogant; when you're feminine, people say you're too girly; and when you climb trees, people say you're too much of a tomboy! As a woman, you really need to develop a very strong sense of self and the earlier you can do that, the better! You have to be all the things that you are, without allowing other people's ignorance change you! I realized that they don't know what grace is, they can't identify serenity, they have inferiority complexes, they are incapable of being feminine, and they don't know how to climb trees!”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“The brisk wind, flowing river, rocky mountains, dense forest, and blue sky all contribute to my deep understanding of life.”
“If you are willing to go out on a limb, the tree of life holds endless possibilities.”
“Don’t be afraid of failure because it prepares you for success!”
“Democracy is not a shouting competition!”
“Gratitude is a sign of maturity Where there is appreciation: there is also courtesy and concern for the rights and property of others.”
“One can never know the thrill of a climb if one is born at the top.”
“Dear Daughter, Love yourself and take good care. Let the goodness of the Lord fill your heart.”
“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning  because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”
“Stories create an aura of liveliness Where every mind and soul revolve around it -Pratima Raj”
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“One might almost say that an apparition is human vision corrected by divine love. I do not see you as you really are, Joseph; I see you through my affection for you. The Miracles of the Church seem to me not to rest so much upon faces or voices or healing power coming suddenly near to us from afar off, but upon our perceptions being made finer, so that for a moment our eyes can see and our ears can hear what is there about us always.”
“If the thrill of success doesn't make you jump out of bed in the morning, then the fear of failure should do.”
“You cannot inspire others if you imitate a walk that inspires you; If you can create a different inspiration by internalizing an inspiring walk and adding your own soul to it, then you will have an inspiring walk too!”
“Red is the Colour I LOVE   coz Red is the Colour of LOVE”
“Upon incurring the wrath of our own mistakes, we may barrage ourselves with a flurry of unnecessary self-downing behaviors.”
“Dear Fellow Human Being, You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed! Tell yourself, You do not deserve this! All those toxic words you have to listen from people, All those fears they try to pin on your mind, All those giggles they aim at your dreams, All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality, All those fingers pointing towards your crude character, All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations, All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free, Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it. My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility. You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“Behind every trial and sorrow that He makes us shoulder, God has a reason.”
“The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.”
“Champions have the courage to keep turning the pages because they know a better chapter lies ahead.”
“Maya or illusion always overpowers the soul. Does it mean that Maya is mightier?”
“No matter the difficulty you faced, don't kill yourself.”
“The beauty of a journey lies in its never-ending motion. Continue to move forward while accepting the constantly shifting path in front of you.”
“You can initiate a phase of death and rebirth at any time. You don't have to sit idle and wait for an outside force to make that happen for you. Choose to end things. This will always spark an opportunity for a new beginning.”
“She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.”
“When you are stressed on mind to pour it out, is the behaviour, most kind!”
“I’m frail; I’m heartbroken; I’m a moron; They have deceived me. The mind creates ridiculous doubts and quandaries about itself.”
“They want us to be afraid. They want us to be afraid of leaving our homes. They want us to barricade our doors and hide our children. Their aim is to make us fear life itself! They want us to hate. They want us to hate 'the other'. They want us to practice aggression and perfect antagonism. Their aim is to divide us all! They want us to be inhuman. They want us to throw out our kindness. They want us to bury our love and burn our hope. Their aim is to take all our light! They think their bricked walls will separate us. They think their damned bombs will defeat us. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that my soul and your soul are old friends. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that when they cut you I bleed. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that we will never be afraid, we will never hate and we will never be silent for life is ours!”
“And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“Invest in your future self; you will not face social ostracism if you do not know who won the big sports game last night.”
“Into adulthood through which everyone is always in a different way. Do not feel left out because of it. So, do not worry about it. Since everyone has experienced the same thing.”
“Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.”
“Life. It’s not just about watching the stars. It’s about shining with them.”
“Outside influences cannot bring the peace you crave; you must find peace from within.”
“They say that Rome wasn't built in one day. And nothing is built in one day. Even if an action happens in one day, the planning took place in the mind days, months, or even years before.”
“Fear can be a powerful emotion and it's easy to let it direct your decisions. But, no matter what you choose, remember that YOU are always in control of your destiny. Don't be afraid to be bold and brave - life is whatever you make it.”
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.”
“To be able to serve is the opportunity god gives to few mankind.”
“Deciding whether or not to trust a person is like deciding whether or not to climb a tree because you might get a wonderful view from the highest branch or you might simply get covered in sap and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors where it is harder to get a splinter.”
“When I want to do a thing I always can do it.”
“Rain, books and coffee allow us to express ourselves freely.”
“Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.”
“Amidst the world’s deafening noise, the silence within us speaks the loudest.”
“Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony”
“You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you" whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it cause a smile today for someone else and give plenty of hugs.”
“Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.”
“Enjoy the limitless bliss consciousness here and now. The reality of you lies much beyond your sensory perceptions and boundaries.”
“The worst enemy is the friend who is working in friendship to cheat you, the best friend is the friend who shows your faults to change you.”
“Be the first when no one comes, be the last when all are gone.”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely. Think once!”
“Sometimes the only reason for us to be somewhere else is to see things from a different perspective.”
“It's hard to tell where reality ends and illusions begins. They blend - then they separate”
“don’t we all live in a mirage, that of our imagination, forever reaching for something that we can never attain – something that keeps temptingly eluding us and therefore spurs us on?”
“Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.”
“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”
“A successful marriage requires falling in love many times -- always with the same person.”
“New Year, New things!”
“I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.”
“Be forged through the fire, not destroyed by it.”
“Confidence, growth, success, inspiration, love, everything is within us only. Just we need a terrible jerk of something to prepare ourselves for this life.”
“When you know better. You must do better. You can’t be competing with people who are clueless, knowledge less, careless, misinformed, mislead and heartless. People who do stupid and bad things. Every person is responsible for their , even if their action was retaliation.”
“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.”
“Only two things can reveal life's great secrets: suffering and love.”
“You're just a character in my book, but I did not give you any lines.”
“Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.”
“My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.”
“This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!”
“All women are strong women, powerful beyond comprehension, wise beyond time.”
“True friendship never asks for valuable things from you, but what is valuable is the amount of time you spent in it.”
“Choose your steps wisely because your footprints may be followed by others.”
“Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.”
“Ideas come from everything”
“Our tragedy is their beauty. Our pain is their art. The beatific bereavement that is our life captured on a canvas for all the world to see.”
“We don't have to take our personality so personally.”
“All work and no play will make you sad and grey!”
“Listen up: just because you have the capacity to do something for someone, it doesn't mean you have the obligation to especially when they won't even appreciate you for doing it”
“A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.”
“Even a single lamp dispels the deepest darkness.”
“I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their life hating that they miss out on all the other stuff out here.”
“If it's your dream to become something very important, do anything to achieve it.”
“A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.”
“The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.”
“Coincidences give you opportunities to look more deeply into your existence.”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“Chase your dreams until you catch them and then dream, catch, and dream again! ”
“Skipping Shadow Work is like skipping "Leg Day".”
“It’s important to think of what it means to powerfully and successfully rise to challenges, and all that it requires: determination, clarity, and steering clear of victim mentality”
“Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship”
“The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.”
“The grave tragedies we’ve experienced can help motivate us to unite for a better world.”
“You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation. Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams. Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait. The in-betweens have always been my favorite.”
“Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.”
“Don't settle for being an option; become a priority.”
“Remember tonight  for it is the beginning of always”
“Great leaders don't just establish a following; they create an army of leaders, who are empowered to think for themselves and become their own heroes!”
“Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.”
“Purposefully pursue your dreams with all diligence.”
“You can feel the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-- no matter how smart or accomplished--they cry, they yearn, they hurt. But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things: comfort, love and a peaceful heart.”
“It bothers me. There’s a stigma, especially for guys. Especially for guys who are about to hit thirty. It’s not that I want to be a . . . you know . . .” He can’t bring himself to verbalize it. “But it’s hard to meet people when you have social anxiety as bad as I do. I panic. Or I want to say one thing, be a certain way, but it gets all tangled up on its way out of my mouth. A pumpkin trying to be flowers and coming off like a cactus. It’s frustrating. “You’re much more flowers than you are cactus,” I tell him, meaning every word. I hope he believes it. “But for what it’s worth, pumpkins are the best.”
“Everything in this world happens with a purpose. You are born in this world with a purpose, you are chosen by purpose.”
“How can you trust me, after what your own brother did to you?" "Because he was false", said Damen, "and you are true. I have never known a truer man.”
“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
“Love! How many legends were organized for it? It was said that it is the most mysterious human feeling that pushes us to do things we are not ready for and heedless of us. Despite the reality, and the difficulties, we do the impossible, and in the name of love, we do miracles. Just legends but the truth is that history did not mention that any miracle has happened thanks to love. Myths, of which there is no use but our consolation, and the justification of our blind rush behind unjustified, incomprehensible feelings, to do what we were not ready to do, and then we pay the price with a reassuring conscience, and with a comfortable mind, in the name of love. If we analyze these feelings, love, anger, hate, tranquility, fear, we will find that they are another face of pain, just chemical reactions inside our bodies, and hormones controlled by our mind, it decides when to kindle the fire of love in us, and when to make hate blind us. If you know how to motivate the mind to produce the hormone needed to produce the desired emotions, then you do not have to talk about anything anymore. It is all your emotions, which are yours. This inevitably makes human feelings subject to causation in the universe, unless our feelings are from another world, not causal. Therefore, the most magical words remain, those that come out of the mouth of a lover describing his love for his lover, “I love you without reason.” This is the impossibility desired, and in the subconscious, these words have charm and glamour, and the tongue of the lover says, “My love for you is not from this causal world, neither the color of your hair, nor your eyes, nor your body, nor your sweet voice, nor your way of speaking, nor anything that you possess is a reason why I love you, because my love for you is not causal, does not belong to this world.” A lie loved by the mind of the lovers, a legend among the millions which says, that nothing in this world can anticipate the feelings and moods of human beings before they occur, and more precisely, the private feelings and fluctuations, of an individual, to be precise, and not just of a large group of people, the more we try to customize it, the more difficult it becomes. And where the indicators of the collective mind, the demagogue, can give us an idea of the general direction and the future fluctuations of a society or group of people, not because of a weakness in the lines of defense of feelings, but rather because we know that the mob, the collective mind, and the herd, will force many to follow it, even if it violates what they feel, what they want at their core. The mind is designed for survival, and you know that survival’s chances are stronger with the stronger group, the more number, it will secrete all the necessary hormones, to force you to follow the herd. However, the feelings assigned to a particular person remain an impossible task, so many people are able to deceive each other by showing signs of expected trends and fluctuations that contradict the reality of what they feel. Humans and scientists have treated it as something unpredictable, coming from another world, a curse on science, as if it were a whiff of a magical spell cast on us from the immemorial. But in fact, emotions are causal, and every cause has a causative. Like everything else in this world, the laws of chaos and randomness apply to them. They can be accurately predicted, formulated into mathematical equations, and even manipulated. All it takes is to have something that contains all the cosmic events, a number we did not imagine, starting with the flutter of a butterfly, a breath of air, temperatures across the universe, a word a man says to his son, a donkey’s kick, a rabbit’s jump, and ending with the movement of stars and planets, and cosmic explosions, and beyond, and able to deal with them, and with the hierarchical possibilities of their occurrence.”
“He is the only option for better living.”
“My son, there are certain things, once you begin, you might not be able to stop; so you rather don't begin them, you have only one life to live.”
“A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.”
“I saw her soul through her eyes because they were so clear, so pure. I wished I could drink from them because I could’ve sworn they were a life elixir.”
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”
“Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.”
“I promise you this: when I embraced my differences and stopped trying to fit in, I ended up where I belonged.”
“Warren Buffett chuckled and said to me "I hope it's not my bad habits" Good Habits once established are just as hard to break as bad habits and bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow. So what are you going to do about it?”
“To merely survive victimization is to let it consume you still, only bite by bite rather than all at once, to let it loiter in your life and chew at you forever. The only way to truly overcome victimization is to transcend it.”
“Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.”
“‎"You shouldn't feel so bad about being afraid of so many things." "Why not?" "Because if you weren't afraid never ever, then you couldn't be brave never ever.”
“Life is suffering Love is the desire to see unnecessary suffering ameliorated Truth is the handmaiden of love Dialogue is the pathway to truth Humility is recognition of personal insufficiency and the willingness to learn To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small So speech must be untrammeled So that dialogue can take place So that we can all humbly learn So that truth can serve love So that suffering can be ameliorated So that we can all stumble forward to the Kingdom of God”
“Imagination comes alive when skates scar the ice to tell fairy tales.”
“Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.”
“If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.”
“If you make art, people will talk about it. Some of the things they say will be nice, some won’t. You’ll already have made that art, and when they’re talking about the last thing you did, you should already be making the next thing. If bad reviews (of whatever kind) upset you, just don’t read them. It’s not like you’ve signed an agreement with the person buying the book to exchange your book for their opinion. Do whatever you have to do to keep making art. I know people who love bad reviews, because it means they’ve made something happen and made people talk; I know people who have never read any of their reviews. It’s their call. You get on with making art.”
“The gorgeous sunrise is the one that gives you hope in your heart and gives you another day to pursue your dreams.”
“For a learner, every obstacle, every failure, every difficulty, every enemy, every stumbling block turns into lessons and opportunities. For a non-learner, every opportunity, every chance, every solution, every path is nothing more than a hurdle.It's your attitude that makes the difference. -Emit Eht”
“It does not matter how much she cried. God is always by her side. She puts pride aside and acknowledges the God who gave her life. She keeps looking up to Him for her miracle. She is indeed a woman of faith. Faith that cannot be shaken by any gale.”
“A man can do great things if he is motivated.”
“Seeing a miracle will inspire you, but knowing you are a miracle will change you.”
“There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing when we save our children, we save ourselves”
“The secret to being successful in any field is getting very interested in it  I could force myself to be fairly good in a lot of things, but I couldn't excel in anything in which I didn't have an intense interest”
“It takes greater faith to dance in the dark than to rest in light.”
“Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.”
“Effort is never looked down on by those who deserve it.”
“We are all skyscrapers, continually adding rooms and floors to who we are. Once one floor is done, the next begins and the result is a constant work in progress. The best business leaders treat their companies like projects never to be completed, only improved and refined, so why shouldn’t we also treat ourselves as such?”
“It's better to ask a stupid question than to make a stupid assumption.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“But one of the worst results of being a slave and being forced to do things is that when there is no one to force you any more you find you have almost lost the power of forcing yourself.”
“That small step of yours, can create an big impact in your life!”
“Each day is a gift To embrace and welcome”
“To be called is to be drawn by something outside yourself, something bigger than yourself.”
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Knowledge is another form of God.”
“As one thinks about the objects of the senses, one becomes attached to them. Attachment comes before desire, and desire comes before anger.”
“You cannot push yourself to the limit and live in a state of well-being at the same time.”
“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”
“By reaching your goal means you grow in some level and show you how well you've done? how strong, brave you're not being bossy and abuse other people rights.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.”
“You can’t control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can’t do anything about that. The only thing you can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else”
“Live Long and Prosper”
“The Habit Trip is a means to an end. It’s a practice of treating ourselves, and others, with basic kindness and respect—radical, that.”
“To be vulnerable, to be raw, to virtually expose your guts, I like doing that.”
“Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.”
“Whilst some people inspire, others conspire!”
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”
“You must have someone in your circle who you can bounce off your ideas without being dissuaded.”
“BULLIES ARE AWFUL, FRIENDS ARE BETTER There will be people who will betray you. There will be people who will bully you. There will be people who will try to devour you. Find the people that bring you strength. Find the people who will give you courage. Find the people who will fill you with love. Because, they matter more than all the bullies in the world. You matter more. Bullies are awful, friends are better.”
“You can extinguish a burning fire, but you can't extinguish the burning desire within.”
“Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts. There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature -- the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter.”
“When all you know is all about God, you won't have problem navigating life's challenges.”
“When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.”
“Through everything and every Atma (Soul) in this universe, you can see Param-Atma (Supreme).”
“Everyone in this world charters a deeply personal journey.”
“Wherever you may go; Life is a beautiful thing. Life is like a passing season. It comes and go. Whatever may come, it's better to enjoy the changing seasons.”
“It is ok to hate your father, but it is not ok to hate every father. It is not every man fault that you father left you or couldn’t be there for you. It is not every mans fault that your father was not or is not a good man. Let those man who are good fathers be celebrated, honored, cherished and loved, without making them feel like we are doing a favor and they don’t deserve to be celebrated. Let’s not take away their hard work, love , dedication, care and sacrifice. Let’s not make all their work be tainted by men who failed to show up. To every man who is a father or who is doing father duties. Happy Fathers Day King and Long live the King.”
“As helpers, we often feel the need to see our impact in tangible, measurable ways. We allow negative language into our head about the “broken system;” we look through a lens of “it doesn’t matter, I can’t make a difference”. These ideas are surely contributing to our burnout.”
“We exist as a composite of our experiences and exposures.”
“Why leave the comfort of the harbor? Because you are a ship captain, and a ship captain sails.”
“Self-belief, also called self-efficacy, is the kind of feeling you have when you have, like a Jedi, mastered a particular kind of skill and with its help have been able to achieve your set goals.”
“A daily dose of daydreaming heals the heart, soothes the soul, and strengthens the imagination.”
“When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.”
“So long as you can be talked out of yourself you deserve to be.”
“By nature of routine, our mind allows us to leverage patterns; repetition permits us to perform remedial tasks without much active thought or input.”
“A rainbow is not afraid of showing its true colors because it knows it is beautiful inside out.”
“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
“Extend your "best before" date by living a youthful life.”
“But as I think of it, I just don't want love to look like you. I want it to be you. ”
“The only cure to bitches is bitching. -Emit Eht”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.”
“You're in the business of breaking generation curses. That's why things don't come so easy for you. You're who your bloodline has been waiting for.”
“How do you cultivate optimism? By learning the secret of contentment. If you can learn that, then no matter what happens to you, you can weather the storm and build on the good you find in any situation.”
“Solitude is a decision we make, and loneliness might be implied, but it doesn't have to be chosen; it's just one of the interpretations available.”
“How do you even know I'm someone you'll want to remember? We've only seen each other once before.' (Amber) 'Have you ever looked at a painting and known you had something in common with it? Have you ever seen something so beautiful you feel like crying? When I see you, I feel that way. I feel like the deepest part of me understands something vital about you.' (Virgil Daly)”
“Are you living in the moment?”
“Day after day, day after day, We stuck, nor breath nor motion; As idle as a painted ship Upon a painted ocean.”
“Life without love is like a symphony without harmony, a canvas without color, a garden without fragrance.”
“The power of contentment is the grace of cheerfulness.”
“In the world of dreams and ambitions, half-heartedness leads to nowhere.”
“Intuition represents a concept which is made up from lots of ideas and assumptions, not all of which will be common to everyone.”
“You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!”
“Do you know the hallmark of a second rater? It's resentment of another man's achievement. Those touchy mediocrities who sit trembling lest someone's work prove greater than their own - they have no inkling of the loneliness that comes when you reach the top. The loneliness for an equal - for a mind to respect and an achievement to admire. They bare their teeth at you from out of their rat holes,thinking that you take pleasure in letting your brilliance dim them - while you'd give a year of my life to see a flicker of talent anywhere among them. They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear. They have no way of knowing what he feels when surrounded by inferiors - hatred? no, not hatred, but boredom - the terrible, hopeless, draining, paralyzing boredom. Of what account are praise and adulation from men whom you don't respect? Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?" "I've felt it all my life," she said.”
“Taking personal accountability is a beautiful thing because it gives us complete control of our destinies.”
“The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.”
“Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached.”
“Simple things. We want to be able to appreciate a beautiful day. We long for that pulse-pounding joy of looking across a room and seeing our friends. We want to capture some of that childlike wonder where the world is a mystery, and every time we step out the door, there's an adventure just waiting around the corner.”
“The cause of most of man's unhappiness is sacrificing what he wants most for what he wants now.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.”
“Each day brings forth its own set of hurdles.”
“When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.”
“Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.”
“When the efforts made to accomplish it are blinding, success is visible.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“Do what you wish to do.”
“A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.”
“It doesn't interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for, and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart's longing. It doesn't interest me how old you are. I want to know if you will risk looking like a fool for love, for your dream, for the adventure of being alive. It doesn't interest me what planets are squaring your moon. I want to know if you have touched the center of your own sorrow, if you have been opened by life's betrayals or have become shriveled and closed from fear of further pain!I want to know if you can sit with pain, mine or your own, without moving to hide it or fade it, or fix it. I want to know if you can be with joy, mine or your own, if you can dance with wildness and let the ecstasy fill you to the tips of your fingers and toes without cautioning us to be careful, to be realistic, to remember the limitations of being human. It doesn't interest me if the story you are telling me is true. I want to know if you can disappoint another to be true to yourself; if you can bear the accusation of betrayal and not betray your own soul; if you can be faithlessand therefore trustworthy. I want to know if you can see beauty even when it's not pretty, every day,and if you can source your own life from its presence. I want to know if you can live with failure, yours and mine, and still stand on the edge of the lake and shout to the silver of the full moon, “Yes!” It doesn't interest me to know where you live or how much money you have. I want to know if you can get up, after the night of grief and despair, weary and bruised to the bone, and do what needs to be done to feed the children. It doesn't interest me who you know or how you came to be here. I want to know if you will stand in the center of the fire with me and not shrink back. It doesn't interest me where or what or with whom you have studied. I want to know what sustains you, from the inside, when all else falls away. I want to know if you can be alone with yourself and if you truly like the company you keep in the empty moments.”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“If only we had the certainty in our strength that we do in our weaknesses and capacity for failure - oh how wonderful life would be”
“Sex is a powerful intent to create: the creation of pleasure, creation of love, and ultimately the creation of life. It connects and syncs two beings emotionally, physically, and mentally and is one of the strongest expressions of love that exists in this World.”
“Nothing ever really goes away--it just changes into something else. Something beautiful.”
“When it resonates, and you feel it, then it was meant for you.”
“What is a game? (Marx said) It's tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's the possibility of infinite rebirth, infinite redemption. The idea that if you keep playing, you could win. No loss is permanent, because nothing is permanent, ever.”
“I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.”
“This is your life. Do what you want and do it often. If you don't like something, change it. If you don't like your job, quit. If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV. If you are looking for the love of your life, stop; they will be waiting for you when you start doing things you love. Stop over-analysing, life is simple. All emotions are beautiful. When you eat, appreciate every last bite. Life is simple. Open your heart, mind and arms to new things and people, we are united in our differences. Ask the next person you see what their passion is and share your inspiring dream with them. Travel often; getting lost will help you find yourself. Some opportunities only come once, seize them. Life is about the people you meet and the things you create with them, so go out and start creating. Life is short, live your dream and wear your passion.”
“Although my husband relied upon me to manage the business, my signature was worthless, much like yours. Now that I am a widow, my signature is binding. It is a terrible price to pay, and I doubt you would wish to pay it.”
“No one should persecute someone because of their differences in opinion on the matter. However, without reasoning, there will be no progression.”
“Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.”
“Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect”
“Collect books, even if you don't plan on reading them right away. Nothing is more important than an unread library.”
“And, if you want it, it's all yours.”
“Rise early and seize each day, learn much and use this knowledge well, spend time with those you love, never abuse your pets, use logic to fight the irrational (for it is everywhere), defend the environment and its wildlife as a knight would protect King Arthur, meld mind and heart for greatest creativity, follow your dreams, and become all that you can be.”
“I’ve always felt that a manager has achieved a great deal when he’s able to motivate one other person. When it comes to making the place run, motivation is everything. You might be able to do the work of two people, but you can’t be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.”
“I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.”
“These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil from within that has been let out. The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“Your husband may not be a wealth of pregnancy information, but he is a wealth of 'you' information. He probably knows you better than anyone else in this world (which means he understands your current neediness pretty well). He also probably loves you more than anyone else in this world. So, while he may not be the person to turn to if you need to know how to soothe breast tenderness, he's the perfect person to turn to when you need a hand to hold.”
“Drink lots of healthy liquids. Water remains the best option.”
“Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Spread kindness, and be the creators. Of a world that’s loving, and full of compassion, A world that’s peaceful, and free of aggression. We’re all human, and we all have a heart, It’s time to break the barriers, and make a new start. To see beyond our differences, and embrace our similarities, To build a world of unity, where we all can live in clarity. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s come together, and be the regulators. Of a world that’s inclusive, and free of hate, A world that’s accepting, and celebrates diversity’s fate. It’s time to listen, and hear each other’s stories, To understand the struggles, and the pains and the glories. To walk in each other’s shoes, and feel the empathy, To create a world of justice, where love is the remedy. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread love, and be the cultivators. Of a world that’s kind, and filled with grace, A world that’s caring, and never loses pace. We’re all a part of this world, this community, It’s time to break the walls, and embrace our unity. To see that we’re all equal, and our differences make us unique, To build a world of harmony, where love is what we seek. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread positivity, and be the creators. Of a world that’s bright, and filled with light, A world that’s hopeful, and never loses sight. It’s time to stand up, and be the change, To fight for what’s right, and never act strange. To speak out against hate, and spread love instead, To create a world of kindness, where love is always led. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread joy, and be the motivators. Of a world that’s happy, and filled with laughter, A world that’s peaceful, and never loses its character. It’s time to unite, and hold each other’s hands, To build a world of love, that forever stands. To lift each other up, and never tear down, To create a world of love, where love is always found. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread hope, and be the liberators. Of a world that’s free, and filled with love, A world that’s caring, and always above.”
“We must be aware of the amount of time invested in idle activities, as such endeavors do not serve to provide any path toward self-improvement.”
“Where there's a will there are ten thousand ways”
“Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.”
“Maybe we feel meaning only when we deal with something bigger. Perhaps we hope that someone else, especially someone important to us, will ascribe value to what we've produced? Maybe we need the illusion that our work might one day matter to many people. That it might be of some value in the big, broad world out there [ ]? Most likely it is all of these. But fundamentally, I think that almost any aspect of meaning [ ] can be sufficient to drive our behaviour. As long as we are doing something that is somewhat connected to our self image, it can fuel our motivation and get us to work much harder.”
“Our own self-esteem is something we can actually twist in whatever way we want.”
“Only when I fall do I get up again.”
“The storm stops at the door. Love reigns, peace dwells.”
“A loving woman lights up the world with love. She has a pure heart and a smart mind.”
“We are what we eat, and we are what we read.”
“If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.”
“The sun is God's candle.”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“The only thing that gives you confidence is the work you put in. Your self-worth is directly correlated to your self-investment.”
“Skies are crying, I am watching, Catching teardrops in my hands. Only silence, as it's ending, Like we never had a chance. Do you have to make me feel Like there's nothing left of me?”
“The precise beauty of a woman does not lie in her external looks, but in what she carries beyond those looks.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“Be uniquely you. Stand out. Shine. Be colorful. The world needs your prismatic soul!”
“Never give up on your goals or aspirations; approach them with a fighting spirit and determination to succeed.”
“Human beings are distinguished from animals by their spirit and their moral values; but when they become immoral, they are wildest even more than animals.”
“You don't need a fantastic New Year, you just need a happy New Year. Happy New Year!”
“You can either leave something for people, or you can leave something in people.”
“In a world where words are brushstrokes, let your language create masterpieces that inspire hearts and ignite minds.”
“I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.”
“Life is a temporary journey on earth. Live it with the end in mind. Never leave anything undone until your last day on earth. You cannot suddenly run many miles per hour on your sickbed if you failed to do so while you were fit. Be responsible and purposeful with your life.”
“I’m not different, I’m just not like you.”
“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
“Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.”
“One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.”
“We must place our hand upon the proverbial hot stove to burn ourselves in order to learn that the stove is hot, and we mustn’t touch it.”
“New day, new hopes, new life!!”
“Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.”
“Dear Daughter, Make it your mission to discover the ultimate reason you were brought into this world. That is a legitimate way to come out of your shell and excel.”
“Does every Curve people struggle and stressful through it?I don't think so, search it for yourself it trueth of life.”
“A revelation leaps over the borders of the everyday. A life without revelation is no life at all. What you need to do is move from reason that ‘observes’ to reason that ‘acts’. That’s what critical.”
“Whatever brings your soul an immense amount of joy, relish in it. That is the type of energy you want to consistently encompass yourself with.”
“You will understand the true meaning of a friend in time of need.”
“One of the most substantial tools that can be leveraged is the power of perspective.”
“In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.”
“Civilization is a myth. That is the truth this world has taught us. We have not risen above our baser instincts  That is what always has and always will drive us.”
“A champion is someone ho gets up, een when he can't”
“Follow your dreams and never ever stop believing in yourself. And one day you will achieve your dreams and feel happy that you never gave up.”
“I am acting, then," continued Alexander, "only on the defensive. The gods, who always favor the right, have given me the victory. I am now monarch of a large part of Asia, and your sovereign king. If you will admit this, and come to me as my subject, I will restore to you your mother, your wife, and your child, without any ransom. And, at any rate, whatever you decide in respect to these proposals, if you wish to communicate with me on any subject hereafter, I shall pay no attention to what you send unless you address it to me as your king.”
“You don't need to wait for inspiration to write. It's easier to be inspired while writing than while not writing ”
“Entrepreneur always works to create something good which can solve some problem in this world whereas businessman tries to market those products and services to earn money from those inventions and this is the difference between entrepreneurs and businessmen”
“My heart space is open to receiving inspiration from the Divine. Because of this, my harvest will continue to be fruitful and bountiful.”
“So consider your options, make your choice and call me home.”
“If you’re looking for love, look inside first.”
“One of the best feelings on earth is having your hands build something.”
“And one fine day the goddess of the wind kisses the foot of man, that mistreated, scorned foot, and from that kiss the soccer idol is born. He is born in a straw crib in a tin-roofed shack and he enters the world clinging to a ball.”
“I believe that half the trouble in the world comes from people asking 'What have I achieved?' rather than 'What have I enjoyed?' I've been writing about a subject I love as long as I can remember--horses and the people associated with them, anyplace, anywhere, anytime. I couldn't be happier knowing that young people are reading my books. But even more important to me is that I've enjoyed so much the writing of them.”
“There are two ways to reach me: by way of kisses or by way of the imagination. But there is a hierarchy: the kisses alone don't work.”
“Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?”
“Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life ”
“A well-written article does not make what was written factual or something to subscribe to. Fiction does not become fact because it looks good. Fiction does not become fact because you wish it were true. Fiction does not become fact because it has turned into popular opinion. Remember this before reading the news, views, opinions or commentary.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood ”
“Set some time off for play.”
“Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul.”
“The elimination diet: Remove anger, regret, resentment, guilt, blame, and worry. Then watch your health, and life, improve.”
“Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.”
“I don’t regret anything I’ve ever done in life, any choice that I’ve made. But I’m consumed with regret for the things I didn’t do, the choices I didn’t make, the things I didn’t say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have the answer to. “What if…” “If only…” “I wonder what would have…” You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.”
“Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.”
“God takes away the minds of poets, and uses them as his ministers, as he also uses diviners and holy prophets, in order that we who hear them may know them to be speaking not of themselves who utter these priceless words in a state of unconsciousness, but that God himself is the speaker, and that through them he is conversing with us. ”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“I will not wait for later or the ‘right time’. There is only this time and I am ready to live in it.”
“If you are not curious about the world around you I suggest you get curious. Without curiosity, you are the living dead.”
“Criticism - however valid or intellectually engaging - tends to get in the way of a writer who has anything personal to say. A tightrope walker may require practice, but if he starts a theory of equilibrium he will lose grace (and probably fall off).”
“We live in an age where people pride themselves on individualism and the concept of living authentically. The human race strives towards self-help and desires nothing if not constant self-improvement both inward and outward. So, I ask you, what can be more authentic than learning the truth? How can one form their unique self without first knowing more possibilities? How can a person truly strive for such grandiose dreams of self-improvement without the ability to listen to the advice and knowledge of others?”
“In this world, people actually don't live a life for themselves but usually live a life for someone they love.”
“Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.”
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!”
“Endeavour to extract the maximum benefit from everything you’ve amassed , instead of working blindly to amass the maximum of everything.”
“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
“In the end, you feel that your much-vaunted, inexhaustible fantasy is growing tired, debilitated, exhausted, because you're bound to grow out of your old ideals; they're smashed to splinters and turn to dust, and if you have no other life, you have no choice but to keep rebuilding your dreams from the splinters and dust. But the heart longs for something different! And it is vain to dig in the ashes of your old fancies, trying to find even a tiny spark to fan into a new flame that will warm the chilled heart and bring back to life everything that can send the blood rushing wildly through the body, fill the eyes with tears--everything that can delude you so well!”
“All I ask is this: Do something. Try something. Speaking out, showing up, writing a letter, a check, a strongly worded e-mail. Pick a cause – there are few unworthy ones. And nudge yourself past the brink of tacit support to action. Once a month, once a year, or just once Even just learning enough about a subject so you can speak against an opponent eloquently makes you an unusual personage. Start with that. Any one of you would have cried out, would have intervened, had you been in that crowd in Bashiqa. Well thanks to digital technology, you’re all in it now.”
“Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.”
“Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.”
“Start small on something big.”
“Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.”
“One must have a growth mindset to move into leadership positions; with a growth mindset, keep observing other leaders in action and keep stepping into roles where you can learn and grow. If you are reasonably intelligent, to become a leader, you have to put yourself on the line again and again to develop and enhance your leadership skills.”
“Invest something everyday so that you can cultivate everything someday”
“Nobody steals books but your friends.”
“Strange things are always abounding. Watch and discern. There is always a lesson to be learned. ”
“There is no limit to what one can ask of one's adolescent self".”
“Allow yourself to learn new things to be grow”
“The day we put an end to believing in hope will be the day we stop existing, for without hope, we are nothing.”
“If a man has something that is the least and most, it is time.”
“If we do not have a basis by which we encounter undesirable outcomes, we will not come to understand the prerequisites of obtaining desirable outcomes.”
“Life is a journey, and the lessons we learn along the way help us become who we are.”
“A resourceful woman is not a liability at all. In life, she contributes blessings, not burdens.”
“You’ve got one life, one shot, and all the power to make it happen. Get ready to dream big and live big. It’s all up to you. And it starts now.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“Throughout life, the scope of your goals and aspirations will constantly change and transform.”
“No matter how old we are, or how many years of formal schooling we may have taken, we will forever hold a personal responsibility for personal growth.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be ”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“I am a free soul, singing my heart out by myself no matter where I go and I call strangers my friends because I learn things and find ways to fit them into my own world. I hear what people say, rearrange it, take away and tear apart until it finds value in my reality and there I make it work. I find spaces in between the cracks and cuts where it feels empty and there I make it work.”
“I am simply a complicated girl Mesmerized by mystery Enchanted with shadows Intrigued by glitter and gray in each of us A girl fascinated with word-play; Paradoxes, ironies, conundrums In love with adventure and curious about the world A girl who feels and dreams deeply Loves passionately Lives recklessly But about all else, I am a girl insanely in love with you! You are my greatest inspiration!”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“As a dancer, I fully expose my soul to the Universe with the movement of my body through space. I release the tensions of the day. I live life in the moment. I'm fully present in the now. My spirit takes a forward step.”
“Motivating your team is like cooking. You need to select and blend the right quality ingredients and serve them fresh as often as you can; otherwise, your team will get hungry and grumpy.”
“and what happens around us ,simply happens because we haven't learned to love . Till this moment ,people would have to go through the same paths ,experience similar events ,blinded ,full of wrath,imprisoned and bounded by themselves. They will star at their fellows seeing what they are unable to see on themselves .Themselves!”
“Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.”
“By slowing down and focusing on how fortunate you are, you will in turn elevate your level of satisfaction.”
“Reach out for the help of friends, family, or even strangers.”
“If you want him to do it, you've got to change the picture of the world inside his head.”
“Never follow the crowd.”
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you, place them on the floor and use them as stepping stones to where you want to go.”
“A battle is won by him who is firmly resolved to win it.”
“You're the beginning, You're the ending, You're the one who rides the waves of my emotions, One who makes me compassionate, One who's the light of my dark self, I'll be the one always testing your patience, I'll be the one always annoying you, I'll be the one always hurting you, Why? Because I know you'll always be there to bear the jokes I crack, To tolerate my inside chaos, To see my vulnerable self, To misinterpreting your actions & intentions, I'll always be hardcore to deal with, Taking you over the edge, Because that's what I only know.”
“Don't just climb the corporate ladder, master it! And if anyone tries to push you off, show them who's boss and climb even higher.”
“Sometimes you gotta lose a few people to succeed.”
“But walking through it all was one thing; walking away, unfortunately, has proved to be quite another, and though once I thought I had left that ravine forever on an April afternoon long ago, now I am not so sure.”
“It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”
“Percy let me go, she croaked. You can't pull me up. Never”
“A woman of faith does not dwell on her past mistakes. She walks past them and triumphs as if she never made mistakes.”
“Trust, communication, and a willingness to grow together indefinitely, which are the pillars of a genuine relationship, are the foundations of a true relationship.”
“People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they’re not on your road doesn’t mean they’ve gotten lost.”
“As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers, so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.”
“If you always get what you want, you won't appreciate the supremacy of God.”
“Your entire life happens inside your body. It's the one home you will always occupy and can never sell. But you can renovate it. If you can only pick one habit to build, exercise might be the one. Everything is downstream from how your body is functioning.”
“Because saving the people you love isn't stupid. It isn't even a choice”
“The first and final thing you have to do in this world is to last it and not be smashed by it.”
“Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.”
“A disease is not defined by the complete and permanent lack of EASE. It is just a phase of DIS-rupted ease that departs with the return of hope and positivity.”
“Ónen i-estel edain, ú-chebin estel anim. (I gave Hope to the Dúnedain, I have kept none for myself.) (Gilraen's linnod)”
“Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.”
“The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.”
“In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels”
“Not only did you overcome the greatest of odds to be born alive, You are also a descendent of a long line of people  A long line of people who lived, laughed, dreamt, overcame, and loved. A descendent of a great line of kings, queens, heroes, heroines, warriors, and conquerors. You are a product of a long tale of love stories that bore fruit. A result of love stories that had to birth specific people at specific times since the beginning of time  You, my friend, are the ultimate testimony and proof that love lives. Love qualified you to be here.”
“Dance with the waves, move with the sea. Let the rhythm of the water set your soul free.”
“Adversity carves the way towards purpose; it builds a resiliance in the human spirit that will remain for eternity.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“You may not have everything right now, but you can choose to make something out of your life.”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.”
“What is more precious: a thousand answers derived from one question? Or, one answer…from a thousand questions?”
“Man is a slow, sloppy, and brilliant thinker; computers are fast, accurate, and stupid.”
“The wish to travel seems to me characteristically human: the desire to move, to satisfy your curiosity or ease your fears, to change the circumstances of your life, to be a stranger, to make a friend, to experience an exotic landscape, to risk the unknown..”
“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
“A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.”
“I have to be a nobody; in order to bless the world with my music, my music; it is my gifts to this world. - Great MillYentei D.Y”
“Choose someone who can love you not only during the day but also during your darkest nights, even when the sun and the moon resist sharing their light.”
“• Utilize science to help others lessen effects of painful memories • Experience new cultures, languages, lifestyles, and countries • Help others (and yourself) avoid/overcome identity theft, burnout, bankruptcy, and divorce”
“There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.”
“If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.”
“My mother personally knew Nusreta Sivac, who was held, tortured, and raped at the camp for two months. I admire Nusreta’s extraordinary courage and fortitude in enduring the horror of genocide and speaking boldly about her experiences. She is a champion for women’s rights and a hero of the Bosnian people. She motivated and vehemently advocated for justice by persuading other Bosniak rape victims to come forward and take legal action against their perpetrators. Thanks to Nusreta’s efforts, rape in the context of war is categorized as a war crime under international law. She was instrumental in helping convict her rapist and bringing him to justice. She was continually raped for two months in captivity. Sivac also spent years collecting evidence and testimonies from rape survivors and constructing legal cases which were presented to the ICTY. For centuries, rape was considered a byproduct of war. Are women just considered spoils of war? Her contributions are a powerful achievement because they mark the first time in history that an international court convicted war crimes solely for sexual violence. I applaud Nusreta for being a pioneer.”
“I want to show the world how darkness can sometimes be so beautiful.”
“Nothing's a better cure for writer's block than to eat ice cream right out of the carton.”
“Though we may impress by sharing the best versions of ourselves, it’s only with sharing authentic stories that we truly can connect as human beings with others.”
“Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.”
“Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!”
“So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”
“Refocusing on Our Christian Responsibilities”
“If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.”
“Anybody with leisure can do that who is willing to begin where everything ought to be begun--that is, at the beginning. Nothing worth calling good can or ever will be started full grown. The essential of any good is life, and the very body of created life, and essential to it, being its self operant, is growth. The larger start you make, the less room you leave for life to extend itself. You fill with the dead matter of your construction the places where assimilation ought to have its perfect work, building by a life-process, self-extending, and subserving the whole. Small beginnings with slow growings have time to root themselves thoroughly--I do not mean in place nor yet in social regard, but in wisdom. Such even prosper by failures, for their failures are not too great to be rectified without injury to the original idea.”
“When all else fails, go hiking.”
“Absence of obstacles, Is not a sign of achievement. Absence of obstacles, Indicates a lack of movement.”
“Life gave me lemons, then I met you and you had Vodka. Now my life is a party.”
“There is only one you for all time. Fearlessly be yourself.”
“Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.”
“even in the loneliest moments i have been there for myself.”
“When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.”
“I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway  let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.”
“If your leg is in a cast, it's really dumb to sit in front of your computer doing unnecessary stuff with it hanging down. Your leg will swell and heal slower, if at all. When you go to your doctor, he/she will give you one of those "you're really dumb and self destructive" looks. Also, "Why didn't you follow my orders and rest?" Your doctor will be right, and so will mine at my next office visit. Elevate, folk! Elevate your mind, your soul, and your leg, in the order needed!”
“The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“Tea stirs poetic feeling and inspires gentle reverie”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”
“The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.”
“A man's concern, even his despair, over the worthwhileness of life is an existential distress but by no means a mental disease.”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“My grandma once told me that no matter how rich or poor, young or old, everyone has something they can teach you or you can learn from them, and that has led to me being respectful to anyone I meet because you never know how much you can learn from them”
“You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses. You become outstanding by focusing entirely on your strengths.”
“As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.”
“Into the silence rips a sound that makes me let go of Max's hand and cover my ears. It is like the strafe of a bullet, nails on a chalkboard, promises being broken. It's a note I have never heard - this chord of pure pain - and it takes a moment to realize it is coming from me.”
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”
“So, we hide, and we fight, and we hide, and we train, and we fight.”
“Don't just speak for yourself, Be who stands up for somebody else.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“When you cease to make a contribution you begin to die. Therefore, I think it a necessity to be doing something which you feel is helpful in order to grow old gracefully and contentedly.”
“It’s the hard things that break; soft things don’t break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something hard in order not to break; but it’s the soft things that can’t break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a million pieces!”
“Master your character while nobody is watching in privacy and the behavior will follow when everybody looks at you in public.”
“Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.”
“Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“I do not have much idea about love, but it would be nice to believe it’s the totality of you.”
“We have no right to express an opinion until we know all of the answers.”
“just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
“If we don't wind down, we'll never truly wake up.”
“You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.”
“Follow your heart. You may go astray but your life will find its direction somehow.”
“Your comfort zone isn't nourishing you anymore. What are you going to do about this?”
“I believe in going with the flow. I don't believe in fighting against the flow. You ride on your river and you go with the tides and the flow. But it has to be your river, not someone else's. Everyone has their own river, and you don't need to swim,float,sail on their's, but you need to be in your own river and you need to go with it. And I don't believe in fighting the wind. You go and you fly with your wind. Let everyone else catch their own gusts of wind and let them fly with their own gusts of wind, and you go and you fly with yours.”
“By forsaking joy in pursuit of growth, you forget that growth should make you feel alive, and that when you reach your goals, you should feel energized, even exhilarated, not exhausted and burned out.”
“Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path. The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!”
“I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.”
“This is what you dont know about me I born to be a fighter winner is my name being an ambassador is in my blood that my logo shortly I 'm a brand of what I mentioned above, the big thing about me is in my days of living I live my calling without waisting any time. I'm not working for my name or being celebrity but I'm doing all of it for the promise of meeting with my master all Mighty God and recieve my rewards,tell me who you are and where you wanna spend your iternity?Oh! almost I forget here's my free advise and tip,will be nice for you to taste Heaven Sweetness.”
“There can be no forced inspiration.”
“Just like a sculptor takes time to mould a sculpture, take your time to hone your skills too.”
“We rich nations, for that is what we are, have an obligation not only to the poor nations, but to all the grandchildren of the world, rich and poor. We have not inherited this earth from our parents to do with it what we will. We have borrowed it from our children and we must be careful to use it in their interests as well as our own . Anyone who fails to recognise the basic validity of the proposition put in different ways by increasing numbers of writers, from Malthus to The Club of Rome, is either ignorant, a fool, or evil.”
“Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.”
“I used to be afraid about what people might say or think after reading what I had written. I am not afraid anymore, because when I write, I am not trying to prove anything to anyone, I am just expressing myself and my opinions. It’s ok if my opinions are different from those of the reader, each of us can have his own opinions. So writing is like talking, if you are afraid of writing, you may end up being afraid of talking”
“Your emotional energy is a function of what you are trying to extract from the present moment — perfection or happiness? ”
“Well-behaved women seldom make history.”
“Tears are words that need to be written.”
“It's your life-but only if you make it so.”
“Have you ever seen the dawn? Not a dawn groggy with lack of sleep or hectic with mindless obligations and you about to rush off on an early adventure or business, but full of deep silence and absolute clarity of perception? A dawning which you truly observe, degree by degree. It is the most amazing moment of birth. And more than anything it can spur you to action. Have a burning day.”
“We all do what we can, and it has to be good enough, and if it isn't good enough, it has to do.”
“A Nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but it's lowest ones”
“Those who use religion for their own benefit are detestable. We are against such a situation and will not allow it. Those who use religion in such a manner have fooled our people; it is against just such people that we have fought and will continue to fight.”
“I try hard not to judge anyone, and I try to bless everyone who is a part of my life, particularly anyone with whom I am having any problems”
“The goal of life is perfection; every incident, no matter how minor or significant, and every adversity we face are all part of a divine plan that will all work out in the end.”
“Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive.”
“I rather now strive to reach rather than wait to receive!”
“Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.”
“He who does not see the light in others does not see the light in himself.”
“I am an Asian goddess! I love myself and show others they can love themselves as well.”
“True leaders bring out your personal best. They ignite your human potential”.”
“It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.”
“The first mistake is an opportunity to LEARN. But if you don’t use that experience to make a better decision next time, then that’s not an innocent mistake — it's NEGLIGENCE.”
“Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.”
“First we lose, then we win in Life." Recently many people in the IT and Tech sectors are facing a difficult phase of their life. I had similarly faced a difficult phase in the Finance sector in the year 2008. We all have gone through failures in life. But that should not stop us from trying for success. Staying hopeful and working toward our goals bring us an opportunity to achieve success.”
“We carry about us the burden of what thousands of people have said and the memories of all our misfortunes. To abandon all that is to be alone, and the mind that is alone is not only innocent but young -- not in time or age, but young, innocent, alive at whatever age -- and only such a mind can see that which is truth and that which is not measurable by words.”
“What's your favorite color?" "My favorite color?" I hum under my breath. "Yellow, I guess. Well, it's not really yellow." I tilt my head up to look directly at the center of the sun, feeling the burn of the light searing into my irises. "You know when the sun is at its highest in the sky and when you stare into it, it's the brightest white but the softest yellow? That. It looks how I imagine blinding hope and freedom of possibility would, if we all lived without limitations and expectations.”
“Make your work to be in keeping with your purpose”
“If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.”
“What are you willing to give up to live the life you are pretending you want?”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“The sprint is like life   blink and you miss it.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil. Learn to ignore the unsettling noise. Use the time you have to do more.”
“Don't be helpless nor hopeless but trust in God.”
“Failure is not the end; it is merely a stepping stone on the path to success.”
“when you're cool for twenty, you get paid for twenty-one.”
“Dear Superwoman, A man should never be the source of your happiness because if he goes, your happiness will follow him.”
“Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.”
“Deeply respecting yourself is the first step toward having a deep respect for others.”
“Some women seem so voluptuous in every sense, richly bountiful and fertile with generous gifts of plenty, sensual and confident in their female strength that they are called "earth mothers." That’s how some days feel —when they are bountiful and fertile with the power of our imagination.”
“One of the best gifts you can give to someone, is a wider perspective. It's also one of the best gifts you can receive. So if you have given someone a wider perspective, don't feel bad about it (about taking their blindfolds off and having to watch them cringe in the newfound sunlight); I know it's hard, but you're doing them a lasting favor. And a wider perspective can be difficult for you yourself to accept, in the beginning (during the time that you squint while the sunlight stings your own eyes), but later you'll find yourself coming back to it, even if you abandoned it as something worthless; you'll look for it, one day. Or it will grow on you. Perspective.”
“In our world," said Eustace, "a star is a huge ball of flaming gas." Even in your world, my son, that is not what a star is, but only what it is made of.”
“The stigma we create for people with mental illnesses keeps them in a prison of silence and shame. Let's remove those barriers with compassion and understanding so they can receive the support and healing they deserve.”
“Everything we know today was unknown yesterday, and everything unknown today will be known tomorrow. We know so much, yet so much is unknown.”
“Searching outside of you is Samsara (the world). Searching within you leads to Nirvana.”
“I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.”
“If stars needed the sky's permission to shine, the universe would be a very dark place.”
“I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.”
“The nights you fight best are when all the weapons are pointed at you, when all the voices hurl their insults while the dream is being strangled. The nights you fight best are when reason gets kicked in the gut, when the chariots of gloom encircle you. The nights you fight best are when the laughter of fools fills the air, when the kiss of death is mistaken for love. The nights you fight best are when the game is fixed, when the crowd screams for your blood. The nights you fight best are on a night like this as you chase a thousand dark rats from your brain, as you rise up against the impossible, as you become a brother to the tender sister of joy and move on regardless.”
“I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.”
“Your agreement with reality defines your life.”
“No one will appreciate your words so make your words your world.”
“The sky is always open. You can fly anytime you like. Just make sure there is enough fuel within you and your wings are intact.”
“You can’t inspire and lead people without earning their attention. You achieve that in a counter-intuitive way – by paying close attention to what interests them.”
“The future doesn't belong to the light-hearted. It belongs to the brave.”
“When prescribing one of the drugs I take, my doctor warned me of a common side effect: exaggerated, intensely vivid dreams. To be honest, I've never really noticed the difference. I've always dreamt big.”
“Having an understanding of the human mind and how it functions is probably the single most important thing anyone who wants to be successful can do”
“The many ways in which Spirit gets our attention are like a brilliant tapestry--this for you, that for me.”
“I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.”
“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
“I’ve stripped my life down,” he told me. “I don’t need much. I have all the company I want to keep right in here.” He shot himself in the head with his fingers. “People don’t understand about the need to live simply. They make appointments all day. They even schedule their own deaths. The first time they’ll have freedom to really be themselves is when they no longer exist. But up here, there’s nothing but me and the sky. A million billion stars.”
“There is no shame in choosing a new path, but we must realize what we sacrifice in doing so.”
“Make moves; God will let it rain.”
“Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.”
“Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.”
“My spirit is healthy, yes. But I tell you, my flesh is healthy too. I am enlightened and free, but I am also lustful and carnal.”
“I started out of course with Hemingway when I learned how to write. Until I realized Hemingway doesn't have a sense of humor. He never has anything funny in his stories.”
“The words were unexpected, but so incisively true. So much of prayer is like that - an encounter with a truth that has sunk to the bottom of the heart, that wants to be found, wants to be spoken, wants to be elevated into the realm of sacredness.”
“Naivety can lead to disillusionment. But disillusionment can lead to learning.”
“Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young ”
“Nature will always present us a path toward clarity.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gift it holds can come to light.”
“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”
“If you fall, do not just stay down. Pray to find strength to rise again.”
“Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island.”
“I'm sorry to step you in your corners but the truth must be told that you can't Loved by all people cause you not the money.”
“Kindness can transform someone's dark moment with a blaze of light. You'll never know how much your caring matters. Make a difference for another today.”
“Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.”
“Our objective as a realist is to maximize our worth, and our objective as a romanticist is to be foolishly youthful.”
“Loving oneself Is the most primal Of all survival mechanisms”
“How we choose to react to circumstances that arise holds substantially more weight than the circumstances themselves.”
“Discovering lies in dreams.”
“Occasionally, there arises a writing situation where you see an alternative to what you are doing, a mad, wild gamble of a way for handling something, which may leave you looking stupid, ridiculous or brilliant -you just don't know which. You can play it safe there, too, and proceed along the route you'd mapped out for yourself. Or you can trust your personal demon who delivered that crazy idea in the first place. Trust your demon.”
“Love is my drug of choice, even if it comes laced with pain and disaster.”
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.”
“You can't become a decent horseman until you fall off and get up again, a good number of times. There's life in a nutshell.”
“Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.”
“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity”
“What we believe is possible for us is nothing compared to what God can make happen for us. And moments that truly take our breath away are those moments when divine will puts impossible odds in their rightful place.”
“You are a life and you can become whatever you decide it is just a matter of time and decision.”
“To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?" [ To the Women of India ( Young India , Oct. 4, 1930)]”
“It's easy to believe in someone else, the hard part is to believe in yourself”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“Men's best successes come after their disappointments.”
“Do push-ups, so if you fall down you can get up fast, do pull-ups, so you can pull yourself out of a hole, do sit-ups, so you can get out of bed in a hurry, do squats, so you can jump up with power, do calf raises, so you can climb hills like a young roe, and run, run so you can out pace the enemy, and fast while the food is plenteous so you'll be prepared when the food is none.”
“Everything worth doing is difficult.”
“Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.”
“The ultimate source of comfort and peace is within ourselves.”
“At times what you expect and what happens don’t match. The faster you accept and adapt to what happened & work towards creating what you believed, that what you expected gets created in a whole new way..!”
“Sometimes, you must let go, the sure way to gain new grounds.”
“Who says you need to wait until you 'feel like' doing something in order to start doing it? The problem, from this perspective, isn't that you don't feel motivated; it's that you imagine you need to feel motivated. If you can regard your thoughts and emotions about whatever you're procrastinating on as passing weather, you'll realise that your reluctance about working isn't something that needs to be eradicated or transformed into positivity. You can coexist with it. You can note the procrastinatory feelings and act anyway.”
“State an opinion in taste, not hate.”
“If your actions don't live up to your words, you have nothing to say.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“If you wish to be paid, you must be willing to work.”
“God is able to do the impossible, exceedingly, abundantly far above all you can ever think or imagine but HE doesn’t want to do that outside of a relationship with you. Biblical prayer is not communication without a relationship.”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“Stay away from people who are not willing to add value to your life”
“The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.”
“Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.”
“If you plant love and kindness, you will reap what you sow.”
“A smart woman encourages other women, because she knows she cannot be destroying others and winning on the other side.”
“Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.”
“Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.”
“If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. ”
“What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was. It is like all my life I thought the sky was green.”
“There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”
“Dear Daughter, There are things you should not tolerate if you want to be great.”
“What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.”
“God gave me life, I do not intent to waste it.”
“Business is simply a series of problems temporarily impeding a desired outcome.”
“Failure only happens when you lose your willpower to continue trying If we let the obstacles get the best of us then it was our choice to fail, not fate.”
“Find yourself in the right spaces, go places and make the necessary changes. Life is not only about where you have been. It is also about places you should see and people you should meet.”
“You'll never reach perfection because there's always room for improvement. Yet get along the way to perfection, you'll learn to get better.”
“Good women wear the cap of motherhood very well. Whether or not they have given birth does not matter. Good women make life so great.”
“There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.”
“Shrug off the no’s – they are temporary. This is your world. In your world there is only yes.”
“Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can. He can deepen their joys, expand their vision, quicken their minds, strengthen their muscles, lift their spirits, multiply their blessings, increase their opportunities, comfort their souls, and pour out peace.”
“Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them.”
“People will find transformation and transcendence in a McDonald's hash brown if it's all they've got.”
“A traitor commits his crime but once. The rest/is retribution.”
“When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.”
“Bleed out your art, bleed it out through your heart”
“Beauty makeup artist not make you beautiful the thing is it add on how you look cause sometimes you wear it and become opposite direction instead of people looking you beautiful see different person in it.”
“Comfortable surroundings do not cause us to tap into our faith reserves.”
“If you are her man, she will talk to you until there just aren’t any more words left to say, encourage you when you’re at rock bottom and think there just isn’t any way out, hold you in her arms when you’re sick, and laugh with you when you’re up. And if you’re her man and that woman loves you—I mean really loves you?—she will shine you up when you’re dusty, encourage you when you’re down, defend you even when she’s not so sure you were right, and hang on your every word, even when you’re not saying anything worth listening to.”
“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”
“Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.”
“A man who denies his past is a man who truly denies himself a future, for he refuses to know himself, and to deny knowledge of oneself is to stumble through life as handicapped as the blind mute.”
“We join spokes together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that makes the wagon move. We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want. We hammer wood for a house, but it is the inner space that makes it livable. We work with being, but non-being is what we use.”
“I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious." ”
“This life does not have a best friend. It only has voyagers who travel from their date of birth until their date of death.”
“Begin making decisions that align more with your future self.”
“Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love – but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.”
“The opposite of interpersonal trust is not mistrust. It is despair. This is because we have given up on believing that trustworthiness and fulfillment are possible from others. We have lost our hope in our fellow humans.”
“Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. ”
“chaos in her eyes Sitting with Christine, thinking about the chaos in her eyes, his emotional chaos, plotting to lure her out for a weekend of love, he wished in a chaotic, physical logic,” I wish I could count the number of causes and their probabilities that affect your feelings about me and that will determine what kind of answer I get if I ask you out for a date.” -What? What is that you just said? (An internal voice). By knowing the causes and the probabilities of the order in which they occur, you predict emotions Is that possible? Can we treat human emotions like the weather? Are there sensors to measure our emotions across time points in our history from which we can predict our future actions and their impact on us and others? Is there a computer with enormous capacity that can collect, analyze, and predict them? Do human emotions fall within this randomness? Throughout their history, physicists have rejected the idea of a relationship between human emotions and the surrounding world. Emotions are incomprehensible, they cannot be expected, what cannot be expected cannot be measured, what cannot be measured cannot be formulated into equations, and what cannot be formulated into equations, screw it, reject it, get rid of it, it is not part of this world. These ideas were acceptable to physicists in the past before we knew that we can control the effect of randomness to some extent through control sciences, and predict it by collecting a huge amount of data through special sensors and analyzing it. What affects when a plane arrives? Wind speed and direction? Our motors compensate for this unwanted turbulence. A lightning strike could destroy it? Our lightning rods control this disturbance and neutralize its danger. Running out of fuel? We have fuel meter indicators. Engine failure? We have alternative solutions for an emergency landing. All fall under the category of control sciences, But what about the basic building blocks of an airplane model during its flight? Humans themselves! A passenger suddenly felt dizzy, and felt ill, did the pilot decide to change his destination to the nearest airport? Another angry person caused a commotion, did he cause the flight to be canceled? Our emotions are part of this world, affect it, and can be affected by, interact with. Since we can predict chaos if we have the tools to collect, measure, and analyze it, and since we can neutralize its harmful effects through control science, thus, we can certainly do the same to human emotions as we do with weather and everything else that we have been able to predict and neutralize its undesirable effect. But would we get the desired results? nobody knows… -“Not today, not today, Robert”, he spoke to himself. – If you can’t do it today, you can’t do it for a lifetime, all you have to do now is simply to ask her out and let her chaos of feelings take you wherever she wants. Unconsciously, about to make the request, his phone rang, the caller being his mother and the destination being Tel Aviv. Standing next to Sheikh Ruslan at the building door, this wall fascinated him. -The universe worked in some parts of its paint even to the point of entropy, which it broke, so it painted a very beautiful painting, signed by its greatest law, randomness. If Van Gogh was here, he would not have a nicer one. Sheikh Ruslan knocked on the door, they heard the sound of footsteps behind him, someone opened a small window from it, as soon as he saw the Sheikh until he closed it immediately, then there was a rattle in the stillness of the alley, iron locks opening. Here Robert booked a front-row seat for the night with the absurd, illogic and subconscious.”
“What's the meaning of ownership after you cease to exist?”
“Great writers and my mom never used food as an object. Instead it was a medium, a catalyst to mend hearts, to break down barriers, to build relationships. Mom's cooking fed body and soul. She used to quip, "If the food is good, there's no need to talk about the weather." That was my mantra for years---food as meal and conversation, a total experience. I leaned my forehead against the glass and thought again about Emma and the arrowroot. Mom had highlighted it in my sophomore English class. "Jane Fairfax knew it was given with a selfish heart. Emma didn't care about Jane, she just wanted to appear benevolent." "That girl was stupid. She was poor and should've accepted the gift." The football team had hooted for their spokesman. "That girl's name was Jane Fairfax, and motivation always matters." Mom's glare seared them. I tried to remember the rest of the lesson, but couldn't. I think she assigned a paper, and the football team stopped chuckling. Another memory flashed before my eyes. It was from that same spring; Mom was baking a cake to take to a neighbor who'd had a knee replacement. "We don't have enough chocolate." I shut the cabinet door. "We're making an orange cake, not chocolate." "Chocolate is so much better." "Then we're lucky it's not for you. Mrs. Conner is sad and she hurts and it's spring. The orange cake will not only show we care, it'll bring sunshine and spring to her dinner tonight. She needs that." "It's just a cake." "It's never just a cake, Lizzy." I remembered the end of that lesson: I rolled my eyes----Mom loathed that----and received dish duty. But it turned out okay; the batter was excellent. I shoved the movie reel of scenes from my head. They didn't fit in my world. Food was the object. Arrowroot was arrowroot. Cake was cake. And if it was made with artisan dark chocolate and vanilla harvested by unicorns, all the better. People would crave it, order it, and pay for it. Food wasn't a metaphor---it was the commodity---and to couch it in other terms was fatuous. The one who prepared it best won.”
“Art is my cure to all this madness, sadness and loss of belonging in the world & through it I'll walk myself home.”
“To lovers out there … Thou shall not condone toxic behavior or abuse in a relationship. Thou shall not compare their relationship with other relationships or partners. Thou shall not compete with their partner. Thou shall care for their partner Thou shall compromise for their partner . Relationship is about meeting each other halfway. You need to be on the same way again.”
“You have the potential to create something truly wonderful when you fully commit yourself to what you love. Do not be afraid to dream big and follow your dreams.”
“God is not so limited that He cannot act outside the boundaries of physical law, for it is He alone who decides where those boundaries lie.”
“Self-love is the only antidote to the chaos of existence. And if you don’t love and care for yourself and your own needs, you will cause unnecessary suffering both for yourself and others.”
“There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for.”
“Today's technology was yesterday's science fiction.”
“Life is not in any way guaranteed. With each minute that you get to live, be grateful for it.”
“Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.”
“Circumstances are the seeds of literature.”
“There is a fire against us. And in the end, the fire could burn us, or ignite us into an unstoppable force.”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“A man is protected by his prayers.”
“Life without faith is like a world without love and will end in motion without meaning.”
“If every moment is a pearl, are you a pearl gatherer or a crusher?”
“If you have a dream, don't let it go unfulfilled. Gather the courage to believe in your ability to succeed, and make the necessary plans to make it a reality." – Shree Shambav”
“Though it may be a constant battle, let us not forget the strength and resilience it takes to face our fears and overcome the obstacles that OCD presents. Every step forward, no matter how small, is a triumph worth celebrating.”
“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.”
“It is not merely enough to love literature if one wishes to spend one's life as a writer. It is a dangerous undertaking on the most primitive level. For, it seems to me, the act of writing with serious intent involves enormous personal risk. It entails the ongoing courage for self-discovery. It means one will walk forever on the tightrope, with each new step presenting the possiblity of learning a truth about oneself that is too terrible to bear.”
“Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.”
“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift. We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be. We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”
“Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.”
“History continues until we learn from it and change our course.”
“Little by little, small acts make a big difference. The good news is that consistent right actions breed greatness. The bad news is that repeated wrong choices effect insignificance. Choose wisely.”
“Embrace the unknown with determination, for it is within the chaos that true strength is forged. Trust in your ability to navigate the uncharted waters of life, for it is through steadfast focus that new horizons are discovered and dreams become reality.”
“We all face challenges and disappointments in life, but it’s how we use these experiences to our advantage that matters! Instead of letting them bring us down, let’s take a moment to reflect on what went wrong, learn from our mistakes, and build resilience to help us move forward.”
“Anything under God's control is never out of control.”
“The root cause of every war is the difference in perspectives”
“A home is a source of safety and comfort.”
“What drives your buying decisions - necessities, comforts, pleasures, status, or ego?”
“Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.”
“Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!”
“Perfection does not exist -- you can always do better and you can always grow.”
“You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore”
“The mercy Maker is the Mighty One.”
“Focus on your aim, don't let it become your dream.”
“Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.”
“Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.”
“I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.”
“For that reason, let a prince have the credit of conquering and holding his state, the means will always be considered honest, and he will be praised by everybody because the vulgar are always taken by what a thing seems to be and by what comes of it; and in the world there are only the vulgar, for the few find a place there only when the many have no ground to rest on.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years, or decades to be alive. Yet, for them, it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Our planet's beauty lies in its diversity; let us protect it so that future generations can experience its wonders.”
“If people don't understand your vision then you should understand their vision and move towards your dreams”
“Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain”
“When you’re in love, there’s no need to understand what’s going on, because everything happens inside of you.”
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.”
“The question is not what you look at, but what you see.”
“Don't let a cruel word escape your mouth. There's no greater sin than breaking a heart.”
“Done is better than pending”
“Life is beautiful, but the most dreadful things can happen at any time. So, learn to embrace the beauty of life, no matter what.”
“When you intensely focus on ‘How can I do something’ or ‘How can I go around my limitation,’ the path to achievement starts to form, and the answers to how to go around your handicaps and limitations begin to appear. Your tenacious pieces of training and practices begin to make you stronger; your courageous actions after actions start turning impossibilities into possibilities.”
“Every day you have the choice of how you want to start your day.”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.”
“Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.”
“As studies have shown, there’s a difference between data, information, and knowledge. Always assess what you're gaining.”
“He knew you can't really be strong until you can see a funny side of things.”
“THE END OF FAILURE IS BETTER THAN WINNING”
“Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.”
“What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.”
“A courtroom, Lawyers, Judges, rainbows, tilts, a card shark, a Royal Flush, a Bachelors Dream and a poker table is one hell of a story.”
“Memories provide an anchoring mechanism in defining what we must emphasize in the present to achieve the future we strive to obtain.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“In the end, it came down to tea and talking just as much as bullets and butchery.”
