“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”
“Fear doesn't destroy you. It makes you slave”
“New Revelation from Heaven: The sin is not in wine, but in drunkenness and loss of self-control or conscience. If you don't lose your awareness, which isn't guaranteed, then you're good to enjoy your wine in peace.”
“Do not dwell upon the sins and mistakes of yesterday so exclusively as to have no energy and mind left for living rightly today, and do not think that the sins of yesterday can prevent you from living purely today.”
“Stray is the pride-confidence of legless bone-folded fool", transcending all its health and might in chasing after the Wind".”
“The love that comes with terms and conditions is not love.”
“Learn to forgive those who put you through hard times. It may be difficult, but find the strength to do it. Do it, do it now and do it courageously. It will make your life so much easier.”
“I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Days are more fulfilling when you have enthusiasm for life, a passion for the work you do, a heart for community service, and a commitment to your faith.”
“Accountable leaders operate transparently and put effort into ensuring good governance.”
“The search for life's meaning is but a chain that binds us. To break free, we must embrace the present, live in harmony with nature, and find joy in the simple moments of life.”
“Life contracts before it expands, and pulls back before it leaps forward. This balancing act is not something we should resist, but rather, embrace.”
“Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta”
“It's not hard to decide what you want your life to be about. What's hard, she said, is figuring out what you're willing to give up in order to do the things you really care about.”
“There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.”
“Forgiveness isn't about who is right and wrong. It's about who we are willing to forgive and who we are not willing to forgive.”
“How often in the throes of our trials do we trip over the lesson?”
“Flowers grew in my comfort zone, but the world waited outside of it.”
“You can forget that other people carry pieces of your own story around in their heads. I've always thought--put together all those random pieces form everyone who's ever known you from your parents to the guy who once sat next to you on a bus, and you'd probably see a fuller version of your life than you even did while living it.”
“Skinny guys fight till they're burger.”
“Dear Daughter, For you to grow, you should allow some doors to close.”
“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”
“When you forgive, you will realize how good life can be.”
“Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain.”
“Live each day as if it were your last, for one day, you're sure to be right.”
“Each pain brings with it an equal amount of happiness.”
“You stepped in rhythm to her breaths. Strolling through seasons— winter's whites, the pink nectars of spring, summer's ripest green, and the speckled reds of fall, inviting impermanence into us all.”
“The most embarrassing thing in life is, "You have a lot of dreams and you don't try because people say something.”
“Life has no dress rehearsal. What you do now cannot be undone. Learn to do things right.”
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.”
“It is a useless life that is not consecrated to a great deal. It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice.”
“Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“I see practical enlightenment as becoming comfortable with the idea that some suffering is always inevitable, that no matter what you do, life is comprised of failures, loss, regrets, and even death.”
“Don't allow anyone else to be the judge of your character.”
“In this world, there will always be truths that will be covered. There will always be wrongdoings that we need to right ourselves.”
“Handle every situation and carry each weight with dignity". #LessonsFromMyFather”
“Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
“And for the rest, let life happen to you. Believe me, life is right in every case.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life”
“Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so let's all get wasted and have the time of our lives.”
“I have never seen battles quite as terrifyingly beautiful as the ones I fight when my mind splinters and races, to swallow me into my own madness, again.”
“A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.”
“We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything." - Julian Blackthorn”
“She looks at the swings, and I can see she’s imagining what they’d look like if the kids weren’t there. The guilt of this holds her down momentarily. It appears to be there constantly. Never far away, despite her love for them. I realize that nothing belongs to her anymore and she belongs to everything.”
“My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.”
“When we have faith and discipline everything becomes easier. Patience is the mother of all virtues. With anxiety all our lives become worse.”
“At an age when most children are playing hopscotch or with their dolls,you, poor child, who had no friends or toys, you toyed with dreams of murder, because that is a game to play alone.”
“I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.”
“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”
“Accepting death makes life fuller”
“Dear Daughter, At times you will encounter some closed doors, but do not allow them to steal your joy. Focus on pursuing open doors until you get to the top.”
“Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.”
“Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with those who make life easy so that your life can be much easier.”
“Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.”
“There is perversion of reality and there is rejection of reality.”
“Judgment closes the doors of understanding, while analysis opens the windows of insight. The former dismisses, condemns, and separates, while the latter explores, comprehends, and connects. Let us choose the path of analysis over judgment, for it is through discernment and empathy that we foster true understanding and bridge the gaps between us”
“Paradoxically though it may seem, it is none the less true that life imitates art far more than art imitates life.”
“I long ago came to the conclusion that all life is 6 to 5 against.”
“Truth hurts! Even then that's all that we always want to know.”
“Success is yours to define, not for others to prescribe.”
“In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.”
“Replace the guilt with pride, the sorrow with smiles, gather the broken pieces of the heart, and dance.”
“When our mental functioning is whittling away and our mind becomes a lame duck, perception does not form the context anymore and all connections on the social chessboard are conked out. Only patience and endurance may draw us out of the quagmire of numbness and allow us to tear open the cloudy screen that is hiding our points of ‘interest’ and ‘attention’, so long as we focus on the ‘singular moments’ and the ‘appealing details’ in our life. Awareness can help us shape a comprehensive picture for a functional future. ("Lost the global story.")”
“Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.”
“People don’t seem to realize it that it is not like we’re on the Titanic and we have to avoid the iceberg. We’ve already hit the iceberg. The water is rushing in down below. But some people just don’t want to leave the dance floor; others don’t want to give up on the buffet. But if we don’t make the hard choices, nature will make them for u”
“Don't try to make other happy when you yourself are unhappy.”
“It's easy to lie. It's hard to cover it up.”
“In our generation, we are advised to focus only on the present moment. But it's history that will take you back to your roots.”
“That is life  to begin again when everything is lost!”
“His words are like the sound of a needle dragging across a record. A sinking, sickening feeling washes over me. This is why you should never, ever get your hopes up. This is why you should see the glass as half empty. So, when the whole things spills, you aren't as devastated.”
“If we keep going in a straight line we'll get out of here. Walking one foot in front of the other, in the same direction, will always get you further than running around in circles. It's about the determination to keep walking forward.”
“Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?”
“But life, if nothing else, had taught her promises weren't always to be counted on, and what appeared at first a shining chance might end in bitter disappointment.”
“Don't break yourself in trying to fix the one you love.”
“Our bodies were printed as blank pages to be filled with the ink of our hearts”
“Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing is to lose your reason for living.”
“The more I hear your voice, the more I realize that silence isn’t always golden. Your voice makes me put on my best dancing shoes and celebrate life.”
“When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.”
“I am afraid to show you who I really am, because if I show you who I really am, you might not like it--and that's all I got.”
“Any liberation that happens through deliberation is better than the spilling of innocent blood.”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“The success and failure of an agreement is a result of how expectations, conditions, benefits, and consequences are understood and managed.”
“Life is a bitch; you get used though, or you kill yourself. Either way, you're winning.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”
“Without acknowledging the ever-present gaze of death, the superficial will appear important, and the important will appear superficial.”
“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.”
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.”
“It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.”
“Let your life reflect the faith you have in God. Fear nothing and pray about everything. Be strong, trust God's word, and trust the process.”
“having nothing to struggle against they have nothing to struggle for.”
“Conscious leaders are continuously prepared to reach out to their followers, because their conscience can never allow them to neglect those who need them.”
“If one wants to succeed in life, they have to be adaptable and unbreakable as fluids.”
“There are only two kinds of races in humanity, those concerned with the self and those who are satisfied with their liberation from it.”
“Desires are good, but it is important to recognize the need, the necessity, and the unnecessary ”
“Not in his speech, not in his thoughts, I see his greatness, only in his actions, in his life.”
“I can see how it might be possible for a man to look down upon the earth and be an atheist, but I cannot conceive how a man could look up into the heavens and say there is no God.”
“When was it I realized that, on this truly dark and solitary path we all walk, the only way we can light is our own? Although I was raised with love, I was always lonely. Someday, without fail, everyone will disappear, scattered into the blackness of time.”
“A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.”
“Faith is allowing yourself to see the invisible hand of God, changing the impossible into the possible.”
“Forgiveness is easy when you are not ready to carry other people’s burdens on your shoulders.”
“The Treasure of life is not in "Rest" but in "Quest".”
“There is no wealth but life.”
“We can't change reality until we start asking better questions”
“Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!”
“You must make your own map of the world. Search out your own piece of sky and patch of earth, your own awning to sleep under when it is raining and it feels the sun may never shine again, for there will certainly be such days. No one can walk this path for you. You cannot simply follow in another's footsteps, as though life were a complicated dance, every turn and twist memorized and prepared for ahead of time. There are many things in the world you can inherit: money, land, power, a crown. But an adventure is not one of them; you must make your own journey.”
“Don't dislike someone just because they don't like you.”
“There comes a time in life when beauty has little or no value. That is why you should focus on what is more meaningful—invest in your brains. Do not allow beauty to deceive you; it fades, just like a magnificent building going up in flames.”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“You've got to get obsessed and stay obsessed.”
“You didn't just cheat on me; you cheated on us. You didn't just break my heart; you broke our future.”
“Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“The wind of life is ever-present. We can fight against it and waste our energy, or we can use it to our advantage and redirect our sails towards a brighter future. Embrace the wind as an opportunity to push yourself beyond the limits and come out stronger on the other side!”
“They may call you names and do the most horrible things to you, but you do not have to focus on that. Forgive them and look at the brighter side of life.”
“The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job, but if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house.”
“Almost everything you do, you do because you are afraid to die. And yet dying is exactly what you are doing, from the moment you are born. Two hours of absorption in a good Super Bowl telecast may distract you temporarily, but the fact remains. You were born as a sacrifice. And you can either participate in the sacrifice, dissolving in the giving of your gift, or you can resist it, which is your suffering.”
“I have written it before and am not ashamed to write it again. Without Wodehouse I am not sure that I would be a tenth of what I am today -- whatever that may be. In my teenage years, his writings awoke me to the possibilities of language. His rhythms, tropes, tricks and mannerisms are deep within me. But more than that, he taught me something about good nature. It is enough to be benign, to be gentle, to be funny, to be kind.”
“Sorry for what? Your appearance? Your character? Wait, I bet it’s your smell. Twenty-four hours of terror, violence, chases, and being for all intents and purposes dead plays havoc with the armpits. Don’t let Lockwood step downwind of you tonight, that’s all I’m saying.”
“Nobody sees anybody truly but all through the flaws of their own egos. That is the way we all see  each other in life. Vanity, fear, desire, competition-- all such distortions within our own egos-- condition our vision of those in relation to us. Add to those distortions to our own egos the corresponding distortions in the egos of others, and you see how cloudy the glass must become through which we look at each other. That's how it is in all living relationships except when there is that rare case of two people who love intensely enough to burn through all those layers of opacity and see each other's naked hearts.”
“Sometimes People think you are Not Normal ,Make them think you are actually Not Normal (Genius).”
“Fearlessness is the greatest form of freedom.”
“,the rest of the girls pretended not to notice. That's just what best friends do.”
“Trust your journey. The best view is during, not after.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“You want peace, don’t you? If yes, then do the right thing and forgive.”
“We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do”
“The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.”
“Release stress, be not tense, in movements of dance find healing for yourself.”
“Even though human life may be the most precious thing on earth, we always behave as if there were something of higher value than human life.”
“I don’t want to understand life. I want to live it, just the way I like amongst flowers of all types.”
“Life happens so we can become what we need to become.”
“love everyone,trust a few and rely on nobody”
“Life is not a movie, and that is why you must never tolerate actors who come in the name of love yet are filled with too many lies.”
“Life will teach you to be kind if you are the kind who loves to learn.”
“Tell a wise person, or else keep silent, because the mass man will mock it right away. I praise what is truly alive, what longs to be burned to death. In the calm water of the love-nights, where you were begotten, where you have begotten, a strange feeling comes over you, when you see the silent candle burning. Now you are no longer caught in the obsession with darkness, and a desire for higher love-making sweeps you upward. Distance does not make you falter. Now, arriving in magic, flying, and finally, insane for the light, you are the butterfly and you are gone. And so long as you haven't experienced this: to die and so to grow, you are only a troubled guest on the dark earth.”
“The only way to set yourself free is to meet each new challenge relatively.”
“it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“Sometimes my own darkness scares me.”
“Life is full of luck, like getting dealt a good hand, or simply by being in the right place at the right time. Some people get luck handed to them, a second chance, a save. It can happen heroically, or by a simple coincidence , but there are those who don’t get luck on a shiny platter, who end up in the wrong place at the wrong time, who don’t get saved.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, bitterness takes precedence and where there is bitterness, there is an absence of abundance.”
“We are vulnerable,because of being good, good food, comfort zone, quit all these nonsense and see life will be much more spectacular!!!”
“Being single and alone is nice, until you are sick or hurt and there is no one to check upon you.”
“The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.”
“People can use you only if you allow them to.”
“Time always moves forward but it is only when you have something to look forward to, life moves forward.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.”
“Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, ‘I like you. You make me happy. I am glad to see you.’ That is why dogs make such a hit. They are so glad to see us that they almost jump out of their skins. So, naturally, we are glad to see them.”
“God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.”
“The magic of life is hidden in replacing fear with hope.”
“Heal deeply and live fully!”
“You will always be a need for them, not love.”
“They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!”
“Dear Daughter, Do your best to become better than you were in the past. Do not deprive yourself of a fruitful life.”
“Everything that seems imperishable tends to extinguishment.”
“Dear love, fight with me to show your love and fight with the world to prove your love.”
“People say I make strange choices, but they’re not strange for me. My sickness is that I’m fascinated by human behavior, by what’s underneath the surface, by the worlds inside people.”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed. Light flooded in. And with it, hope.”
“Life is a peephole, a single tiny entry onto a vastness--how can I not dwell on this brief, cramped view of things? This peephole is all I've got!”
“Varanasi is God's own creation, where life and death are both subjects of celebration.”
“Dear Daughter, There is so much you can achieve in this life. Go out there, work hard and become an achiever.”
“I cannot forecast to you the action of Russia. It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma. But perhaps there is a key. That key is Russian national interest.”
“If you haven't confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started. ”
“So, this is how it's become? This is how I've become? A walking contradiction? I'm surrounded by people and feel alone. I claim to crave a bit of normalcy but now that I have some, it's like I don't know what to do with it, I don't know how to be a normal person anymore.”
“If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.”
“Life is often an ocean of stories of short happiness and long misery! You can jump into any of these stories and add something new to the story! You can extend short happiness a little, and shorten long unhappiness a little, but you cannot create a life where happiness is more than unhappiness because human beings always create unhappiness for themselves, they are very successful at this!”
“Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.”
“Dear Daughter, Work on your personal evolution so that you will not be imprisoned by other people's opinions.”
“Let me give you a tip on a clue to men's characters: the man who damns money has obtained it dishonorably; the man who respects it has earned it.”
“Only wise leaders will understand the importance of enhancing peace.”
“Dear Daughter, Make sure that whatever you want, aligns with God's Master Plan for your life.”
“Folded the eyes: inner a vision divine, a glistening dream, the dark increased the light, to not let me stay closed, I opened the eyes: near the dream comes true.”
“Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.”
“It is not wrong to forgive the one who wronged you.”
“No matter where the Queen is and what battle she is fighting. She has to come back when her King is in danger.”
“Everyone thinks that courage is about facing death without flinching. But almost anyone can do that. Almost anyone can hold their breath and not scream for as long as it takes to die. True courage is about facing life without flinching. I don't mean the times when the right path is hard, but glorious at the end. I'm talking about enduring the boredom, the messiness, and the inconvenience of doing what is right.”
“He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived.”
“Where there is love there is life.”
“We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!”
“Did you ever, when you were little, endure your parents’ warnings, then wait for them to leave the room, pry loose protective covers and consider inserting some metal object into an electrical outlet? Did you wonder if for once you might light up the room? When you were big enough to cross the street on your own, did you ever wait for a signal, hear the frenzied approach of a fire truck and feel like stepping out in front of it? Did you wonder just how far that rocket ride might take you? When you were almost grown, did you ever sit in a bubble bath, perspiration pooling, notice a blow dryer plugged in within easy reach, and think about dropping it into the water? Did you wonder if the expected rush might somehow fail you? And now, do you ever dangle your toes over the precipice, dare the cliff to crumble, defy the frozen deity to suffer the sun, thaw feather and bone, take wing to fly you home?”
“The first half of life is learning to be an adult-the second half is learning to be a child.”
“Everything you can imagine is real.”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“Self-love is a good thing but self-awareness is more important. You need to once in a while go ‘Uh, I’m kind of an asshole.”
“Sometimes it made her want to put her fist through glass; other times, it made her cry a river.”
“Never underestimate the big importance of small things,' Mrs. Elm said. 'You must always remember that.”
“It can only take a moment to waste the rest of your life.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!”
“For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.”
“Life is a drama full of tragedy and comedy. You should learn to enjoy the comic episodes a little more.”
“Know what your objective is. Anything that does not contribute to that objective is unnecessary; let those things go.”
“Leadership is like a tree, without deep roots: the trunk cannot survive. But without the trunk, roots alone cannot make a tree. Leadership needs a vision, a leader and followers.”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.”
“Every time you see someone's bright-and-shiny, remember: They have their own crappy truths too. Of course they do. And every time you see your own crappy truth and feel despair and think, 'Is this my life?', remember: It's not. Everyone's got a bright-and-shiny, even if it's hard to find sometimes.”
“Life is short, but do not shorten it even further by taking shortcuts.”
“For the dog, colour doesn't matter, reputation doesn't matter, wealth doesn't matter. Dogs see us all as equals. They live in the present and in a world of emotion. They know if you are true and trustworthy, and what they care about most if the love you have in your heart and the kindness you show them.”
“For I have known them all already, known them all— Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons, I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.”
“Inside me there was everything I had believed was outside. There was, in particular, the sun, light, and all colors. There were even the shapes of objects and the distance between objects. Everything was there and movement as well… Light is an element that we carry inside us and which can grow there with as much abundance, variety, and intensity as it can outside of us…I could light myself…that is, I could create a light inside of me so alive, so large, and so near that my eyes, my physical eyes, or what remained of them, vibrated, almost to the point of hurting… God is there under a form that has the good luck to be neither religious, not intellectual, nor sentimental, but quite simply alive.”
“Watch your mind, and it becomes quiet.”
“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love  ”
“If you want to triumph in life, you must persevere.”
“Life is better when people choose to love one another, look after each other and laugh together.”
“Just because you know it [my past]  doesn't mean that my wounds are a weight you have to carry. ~Kurogane-san”
“When someone can get away with doing evil things, it's scary. When they can get away with doing evil and convince you they aren't in the same breath? That's terrifying.”
“You've had many situations where you want to rewind time! But life is telling you this: Did you make a move that knocked the glass down? If you did, the glass will fall to the ground and break! Live life carefully because time does not go backwards!”
“Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.”
“Where there is an obstruction to forgiveness, the enemy succeeds in the mission of destruction.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.”
“Life's pain. You just have to get over as much of it as you can. -Isabel Culpeper”
“I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.”
“Before giving an answer, you must first understand the question. When the question is not clear, the answer will also follow the same path.”
“There is no person more intimate than the person who makes you feel good.”
“He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.”
“God gave birth to the universe. The universe gave birth to the cosmos. The cosmos gave birth to the world. The world gave birth to nature. Nature gave birth to life. Life gave birth to mankind. Mankind gave birth to humanity.”
“Too many people miss out on real love because they're too busy waiting for the ONE to show up”
“Forgive, even if it makes you seem foolish. Forgiveness opens doors to countless blessings and endless peace. Do it with the understanding that God will reward you with great things.”
“Nothing is permanent in this world. Even our bodies will perish.”
“We all play and dance to the tune that's in our minds and ears. And that's what makes life enjoyable for many of us.”
“The past can teach us, nurture us, but it cannot sustain us. The essence of life is change, and we must move ever forward or the soul will wither and die.”
“Life happens. Shit Happens. And it happens a lot. To a lot of people !!”
“The thought that one day you will definitely have the life you want is a very refreshing thought that caresses your soul! But the thought that is more appropriate for the universe we live in is this: You may never get the life you want, but the struggle you put into getting the life you want is even more valuable than getting that life!”
“Dear Daughter, The opportunity to experience life is a gift that should be treasured at all times. It is vital to make the most of life, even if you cannot predict what the future holds from where you are.”
“If you don’t choose to find joy in today, what makes you think you’ll find it in any of your tomorrows?”
“Everyone gets an ending. Whether or not it's happy is up to them.”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“Mijo, bad news does not get better with time, it will always be found out. The quicker you bring the bad news to others’ attention the better, even if you are the guilty party, the better for all.”
“To be a tremendous success, look for opportunity rather than security.”
“Cung said, “I have researched Vietnamese People fleeing to the land of the Uc da Loi! On the 26th of April 1976, the first boat carrying Vietnamese refugees arrived in Darwin. (Uc da Loi means Big Red Rat. The Vietnamese People named Australians as such because of the red kangaroo painted on the sides of Australian military vehicles. They did not know what a kangaroo was and so, they thought it was a rat. Hence the name of Uc da Loi.) (A Gracious Enemy & After the War Volume Two)”
“Accepting reality is what matters. Creating a new reality is what will move you forward in life. Define yourself and give meaning to your life.”
“Take any path and hope for the best. At least it will lead you out of the shadows.”
“A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”
“If life gives you any trouble, punch it in the face.”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden”
“How much I missed, simply because I was afraid of missing it.”
“Great leaders do not cause headaches in society. They find solutions to issues that cause numerous headaches in communities.”
“Most of what matters in our lives takes place in our absence.”
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.”
“Love those who hurt you the most, because they are probably the ones closest to you. They, too, are on a path, and just like you they are learning to walk before they can fly. Imagine if everybody you hurt in life turned their backs on you? You would be playing a hell of a lot of solitaire. Love them no matter what.”
“How beautiful and how ugly someone is depends on our mindset”
“Dear Daughter, Do whatever it takes to make your mark. Set boundaries if you must.”
“You get towards the end of life—no, not life itself, but of something else: the end of any likelihood of change in that life. You are allowed a long moment of pause, time enough to ask the question: what else have I done wrong?”
“Potential has a shelf life.”
“Forgive those who deserve it, not just those your heart desires.”
“Visualization is a wonderful process of manifestation.”
“Some things in life are too complicated to explain in any language.”
“The difference between life and death is life.”
“I will be stronger than my sadness.”
“Poor human! Your dreams are too long, but your life is too short! That's why you always die with unfinished or never started dreams! Poor human!”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains ”
“I’m not a bad person. I haven’t killed anyone. I (rarely) lie. I don’t kick little puppies. So why do people look at me as if the world would be a better place without me?”
“Faith is about letting God help you resist the enemy, set you free from captivity and keep you safe in the midst of adversity.”
“Everything is created twice. Once in your mind, then in your life!”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“Lose yourself beyond the identity of names, there is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with the surge of dancing steps.”
“Most people these days chase new things - new houses, new cars, new objects. But, they don't realise that old houses, old cars, and old objects have something that new things don't have - their history and culture. We must look at life from each other's perspective. New things will make you feel good but maybe for a short time. There is nothing fascinating about chasing new things. Which is why some people, like my parents, love old things, because these things have emotions, and sentiments attached to them. My Mom and Dad choose to stay in our old house in my hometown, because it was the house they built with their hard work and love. It is the house where my mother writes her beautiful poetry. It is the house where my father treats his patients. It is a house which has books, culture, cracks and yes history.”
“I have lost and loved and won and cried myself to the person I am today.”
“No man, proclaimed Donne, is an Island, and he was wrong. If we were not islands, we would be lost, drowned in each other's tragedies. We are insulated (a word that means, literally, remember, made into an island) from the tragedy of others, by our island nature, and by the repetitive shape and form of the stories. The shape does not change: there was a human being who was born, lived, and then, by some means or another, died. There. You may fill in the details from your own experience. As unoriginal as any other tale, as unique as any other life. Lives are snowflakes—forming patterns we have seen before, as like one another as peas in a pod (and have you ever looked at peas in a pod? I mean, really looked at them? There's not a chance you'd mistake one for another, after a minute's close inspection), but still unique.”
“Even death has a heart.”
“Strange, I thought, how you can be living your dreams and your nightmares at the very same time.”
“  one can't live without falling now and again.”
“If it didn't come with being humiliated, it wouldn't be my life at all.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, the heart suffers.”
“He is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it's not about his face, but the life force I can see in him. It's the smile and the pure promise of everything he has to offer. Like he's saying, 'Here I am world, are you ready for so much passion and beauty and goodness and love and every other word that should be in the dictionary under the word life?' Except this boy is dead, and the unnaturalness of it makes me want to pull my hair out with Tate and Narnie and Fitz and Jude's grief all combined. It makes me want to yell at the God that I wish I didn't believe in. For hogging him all to himself. I want to say, 'You greedy God. Give him back. I needed him here.”
“If you are attentive and focused enough, you can easily become your own tutor. Even the hunter is the hunted.”
“You can only realize the splendour of life if you are willing to fulfil your purpose while you still have time.”
“The art of living  is neither careless drifting on the one hand nor fearful clinging to the past on the other. It consists in being sensitive to each moment, in regarding it as utterly new and unique, in having the mind open and wholly receptive.”
“Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up.”
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.”
“Dear Daughter, The most special person in your life should be you. Do not forget to adore yourself.”
“Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.”
“The truth about the world, he said, is that anything is possible. Had you not seen it all from birth and thereby bled it of its strangeness it would appear to you for what it is, a hat trick in a medicine show, a fevered dream, a trance bepopulate with chimeras having neither analogue nor precedent, an itinerant carnival, a migratory tentshow whose ultimate destination after many a pitch in many a mudded field is unspeakable and calamitous beyond reckoning. The universe is no narrow thing and the order within it is not constrained by any latitude in its conception to repeat what exists in one part in any other part. Even in this world more things exist without our knowledge than with it and the order in creation which you see is that which you have put there, like a string in a maze, so that you shall not lose your way. For existence has its own order and that no man's mind can compass, that mind itself being but a fact among others.”
“It would be so nice if something made sense for a change.”
“The silence of inner peace is better than the crowded chaos out there. Find the light in the silence, that light becomes the true destiny of your life.”
“To get something in life you need to give out something”
“You don't have to be a doctor to know when a relationship is not healthy.”
“I want to drag knives over my skin, just to feel something other than shame, but I'm not even brave enough for that”
“Cynics are simply thwarted romantics.”
“Wisdom is having things right in your life and knowing why.”
“The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality and my life, as I write this, is vital even when sad. I may wake up sometime next year without my mind again; it is not likely to stick around all the time. Meanwhile, however, I have discovered what I would have to call a soul, a part of myself I could never have imagined until one day, seven years ago, when hell came to pay me a surprise visit. It's a precious discovery. Almost every day I feel momentary flashes of hopelessness and wonder every time whether I am slipping. For a petrifying instant here and there, a lightning-quick flash, I want a car to run me over I hate these feelings but, but I know that they have driven me to look deeper at life, to find and cling to reasons for living, I cannot find it in me to regret entirely the course my life has taken. Every day, I choose, sometimes gamely, and sometimes against the moment's reason, to be alive. Is that not a rare joy?”
“Cameras are supposed to help you relive a moment, but if you never live the moment in the first place, because you are too busy taking pictures, how will you relive it!”
“Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.”
“Life did not stop, and one had to live.”
“It's so much fun to write. Sometimes great books are left out for lack of promotion, while unnecessary books are loved because of their popularity. Common people always follow the majority.”
“The reflection on the surface of the water is often mistaken for the mysteries that lie beneath. Likewise, the reflection of the moon is mistaken for its own light. In the quest for wisdom, each person must emerge from the illusions of the world and begin the journey towards the sacred mountain.”
“Peer beyond the wall of doubt to embrace the possibilities.”
“What river can flood over the mountains of your love?”
“What makes earth feel like hell is our expectation that it should feel like heaven.”
“There can’t be peace without freedom and if you claim otherwise, then I can ensure you that your peace will be short lived.”
“How can you still count yourself a knight, when you have forsaken every vow you ever swore?" Jaime reached for the flagon to refill his cup. "So many vows they make you swear and swear. Defend the king. Obey the king. Keep his secrets. Do his bidding. Your life for his. But obey your father. Love your sister. Protect the innocent. Defend the weak. Respect the gods. Obey the laws. It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or the other.”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring.”
“If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.”
“I had a dream about you. I was sitting on your couch, relating my succession of ideas on subconscious influence. I asked you what they meant, and you told me that free associations were a bad way to advance my political career.”
“One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.”
“Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.”
“All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.”
“We experience, while still young, our most thoroughly felt desires as a kind of horizon, see life as divided into what lies on this side of that horizon and what lies on the other, as if we only had to reach that horizon and fall into it in order for everything to change, in order to once and for all transcend the world as we have known it, though in the end this transcendence never actually comes, of course, a fact one began to appreciate only as one got older, when one realized there was always more life on the other side of desire's completion, that there was always waking up, working, eating, and sleeping, the slow passing of time that never ends, when one realized that one can never truly touch the horizon because life always goes on, because each moment bleeds into the next and whatever one considered the horizon of one's life turns out always to be yet another piece of earth.”
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”
“The happiness of an ignoramus is only temporary and he does not know its source.”
“In leadership, some decisions are hard to make, but that is what leadership is all about. It is about making the hardest decisions and facing the harshest conditions to improve the followers’ living conditions.”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“With some people, distance feels magical, and closeness feels suffocating.”
“Life is not on autopilot. You will have to stop, go forward, reverse, or park at times. But the best time is when you move forward. It is when you go places you were meant to go. When you go where no one else has ever dared to go. When you go, as if there is nothing else to stop you on the road, because each time you decide to go, it helps you discover more about your purpose.”
“Dear Daughter, Pray and filter anything that is not from God in your life.”
“Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something. Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens. And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life. Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it. Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.”
“I think knowing you has shown me how to have some purpose. watching you put meaning into all kinds of things, into a baby robin, it's taught me something. About how when you care, happiness tends to follow.”
“A wise leader’s ears are always open, because he cannot afford to ignore the voices of those who look up to him.”
“Your dreams need to be like weeds, But your passion should be like seeds”
“You'll never experience the joy and tenderness of a lifelong love unless you fight for it.”
“The Young Man came to the Old Man seeking counsel. I broke something, Old Man. How badly is it broken? It's in a million little pieces. I'm afraid I can't help you. Why? There's nothing you can do. Why? It can't be fixed. Why? It's broken beyond repair. It's in a million little pieces.”
“Forgiveness requires a willing heart and a determined mind to let go of what happened in the past.”
“Not all friends are worthy of your immediate attention. Remember that bad friends are still in the category of 'friends'.”
“Only a pure heart can understand pure love.”
“The reality of some people in our life is different from what they show us.”
“Here's one of the things I learned that morning: if you cross a line and nothing happens, the line loses meaning. It's like that old riddle about a tree falling in a forest, and whether it makes a sound if there's no one around to hear it. You keep drawing a line farther and farther away, crossing it every time. That's how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth.”
“Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.”
“Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.”
“When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?”
“I had a dream about you last night  you were a giant slinky and I watched you fall down the stairs.”
“With the presence of the land comes the importance of history and the subject of geography.”
“Even the strongest, at times, weaken under the weight they carry; and tire from the battles they fight in secret. Alone.”
“The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.”
“When reaching for the stars, beware of those who want to cut off your hands.”
“The world accommodates you for fitting in, but only rewards you for standing out.”
“Where leaders are willing to solve major problems, major development programs succeed.”
“We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.”
“Keep Patience, it is happening for you, somewhere.”
“In a crystalline corner of your heart, keep a Smile for the days gone by. To every soul, who is wondering how is Life passing by, and somehow feel suffocated in a long lost world of words and thoughts, Remember every flower blooms at its own time. Whatever it is that you wish to accomplish, remember that it takes Time and an immense amount of energy and will power to make that happen. Most people don't even find it conducive to dream, let alone following it. Some settle down with what Life throws at them, while some opt for the lesser options that suit their needs. But the ones, who burn with their dreams, who hold on to that invisible yet palpable string of Faith, eventually always finds what they seek, because the truth is what you're seeking is already yours. Until then, don't mind about the Time, because Time has a way of Smiling back in a garland of moments and memories. And if you're ever faced with a question on losing Time and not settling down (in love or career or anything of Life) like the majority of folk around, remind yourself what you seek, embrace your Soul and walk on to rise in your chosen path. You haven't lost Time, you have just not found your Season yet. Until then, water the root of your Soul with the Sunshine of Kindness & Grace. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“Do not live in the shadow of the masters for ever. Learn to live in the light of your soul. Life deserves full expression.”
“A cold wind always blows towards you from the doors you have not opened in your life, and it is as if the door reproaches you why you did not come in!”
“The value of forgiveness must never be underestimated. It unlocks the doors that were closed by unforgiveness.”
“Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?”
“Think about all of the good things you have in your life right now and focus on them instead. The more you dwell on your past, the harder it will be to move on from it.”
“Do not lose yourself in the crowd. You are the only one you've got. Take care of your soul.”
“Dear Daughter, You are more valuable than many precious stones combined. Do not ever forget that.”
“And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.”
“Never let fear stop you from starting.”
“When I explored my deeper mind, I could understand that my life is only an illusion, an apparent reality”
“Judge not, lest you be judged.”
“He is schizophrenic, this is how he was diagnosed with the CIA, and his schizophrenia is his strength, he comes out of a personality, directly impersonating a new one, a completely different one, which he experiences as if he had in it for his whole life. This is every professional agent’s strong point, but it comes at such a high price that it in many cases often ends up in a whiff of insanity. Therefore, they must be monitored and psychologically evaluated on a periodic basis. The last thing the agency wants is a suicidal agent with a message exposing many secrets, or a biased towards their opponents, or a madman circling the streets babbling from here and there. It takes its responsibilities towards them, these people suffer a lot, and the more they train, the more they work, the more professional they become, and the crazier they are. But there was something different about him, which Alex did not miss. Not that schizophrenia that she knew; When sitting with him, talking to him, all the paper reports seem as if they were written about a different person, as if deep down another person about whom no one knows anything yet, and as if all these characters he played are one character as if everything grows from inside him. What she was most concerned about is whether he is honest in being an intelligence agent, or is it a role he plays, as are the dozens of roles he played and plays for the agency. Many doubts revolve around him, officers were unable to manage him, and deal with him. The agency changed the liaison officer with him every few months, he is somewhat out of control, but at the same time, it is unable to terminate his services. The closer the agency got to making that decision, the more he did something that made them stick to it more, creative, distinct, and innovative, that we cannot easily let go of. Until Alex arrived, the only liaison officer he had worked with for years. His condition stabilized, he was no longer that mysterious brawler, she understood him completely, she threw all the reports, papers, and opinions behind her back, and dealt with him directly, without barriers. He was not simply pretending, he was not acting, he was really him. Every character he played, every lie he lied, every mess he made, it was him, without acting. And he said to her, they are all composite characters. If you look at each character, you will find something that connects them to the other, that they are like cubes, I build them on top of each other, I do not play them. What you need is to look at the details, and you will find a fine thread connecting them. He trusted her, and so did she. She became his friend, perhaps the only one in this world until Katrina entered his life. She knows nothing of what happened to him lately, but she knows that man deep inside him at the bottom of the pyramid of the cubes, “he will not hurt me, I trusted him before, I trust him today, his chivalry will not accept treachery, not of this kind, he will not do it”.”
“Two or three times a year, set aside four days, away from work, family, and technology, to check in with yourself, gain perspective, daydream, and evaluate your life.”
“Ignore those who resent you. Avoid those who begrudge you. Excuse those who envy you. Pity those who hate you.”
“People took such awful chances with chemicals and their bodies because they wanted the quality of their lives to improve. They lived in ugly places where there were only ugly things to do. They didn't own doodley-squat, so they couldn't improve their surroundings. so they did their best to make their insides beautiful instead.”
“you need to figure out how to love the life that you have, while you work on the life that you want.”
“But our lives aren't just measured in years, they're measured in the lives of people we touch around us.”
“No one makes mistakes in life. We only do what our level of awareness allows us.”
“You can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.”
“Forgiveness is about realizing that you are human and capable of causing harm to others. Hence, you forgive because you need to be forgiven too.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.”
“When people lash at you with vitriol, show them that you are a victor. Forgive!”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“And were an epitaph to be my story I'd have a short one ready for my own. I would have written of me on my stone: I had a lover's quarrel with the world.”
“And now I am here, as alone as I've ever been. I am seventeen years old. This is not how it's suppose to be. This is not how my life is suppose to turn out.”
“Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”
“Dear Daughter, From daytime to noontime, from nighttime to sunshine ─ shine bright, right where you are.”
“People can have their opinions about everything in the world, but people's opinions end where the tip of my nose begins. Your opinions of others can only go so far as to where their own shoreline is. The world is for your taking, but other people are not. One is only allowed to have an opinion of me, if that person is done educating him/herself on everything about me. Before people educate themselves on everything about you, they're not allowed to open their venomous mouthes and have an opinion about you.”
“I believe that we will be capable to describe the beauties of heaven only after finishing to explore the world in which we are currently living in.”
“You will be decided based on the decision you make.”
“Perhaps Clarence’s knowledge of the enormous day-to-day expense of the war machine was too much for a man who’s own father had insisted, “Never to waste salt on a radish!”
“Things that don't turn out the way you want are disguised to be the best turning points of your life.”
“In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.”
“When you have nothing, you are open to limitless possibilities. You can be anything. You can do anything.”
“I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.”
“If other people do not understand our behavior—so what? Their request that we must only do what they understand is an attempt to dictate to us. If this is being "asocial" or "irrational" in their eyes, so be it. Mostly they resent our freedom and our courage to be ourselves. We owe nobody an explanation or an accounting, as long as our acts do not hurt or infringe on them. How many lives have been ruined by this need to "explain," which usually implies that the explanation be "understood," i.e. approved. Let your deeds be judged, and from your deeds, your real intentions, but know that a free person owes an explanation only to himself—to his reason and his conscience—and to the few who may have a justified claim for explanation.”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality ”
“Perfectly Imperfect We have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path. Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind  there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered  we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”
“Dear Daughter, Make the most of your life. Serve others and make your mark.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“A life without a goal is like an unguided missile”
“Prayer and hard work are a strong team for making the impossible possible. A wholehearted prayer makes the right hard work pay off, and the key to activating an answered prayer is often hard work dictated by common sense.”
“Give out what you most want to come back.”
“If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?”
“Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running.”
“Too many people seem to believe that silence was a void that needed to be filled, even if nothing important was said.”
“Forgiveness will give you a peaceful mind and a joyful heart.”
“Ester asked why people are sad. "That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.”
“There is no WRONG reaction that can correct a WRONG situation.”
“Everyone is fighting battles and demons we know nothing about; and everyone has a breaking point. Be Kind.”
“Some people look as if they have lost their eagerness and passion. Their aspiration seems to be exhausted and fresh inspiration has abandoned their weary mind. Life has boundlessly given them material welfare, which has fully spoiled them in the end. No energy for longing has been left, as they have reached a twilight zone. The twilight of desire. ( "Twilight of desire" )”
“Life has no remote .get up and change it yourself!”
“A selfless leader can turn the darkness of a community into an opportunity that brings about success.”
“What is the point of you? What is your worth? And by worth I am not talking about your financial value, I am talking about something much more significant than that. So, I ask again - what is your worth? And you won't find the answer in any scripture or church - you won't find it even in this book. Because no external power can give you the answer to something so incredibly existential in nature. If you want to know your worth, ask yourself, what are you without your bank account. The worth of a person lies in character. The same goes for a nation and the same goes for a world. Therefore, a nation's worth lies not in the value of its currency, but in the character of its people. And it all begins with the individual - it all begins with you. Your character holds not just the worth of your own life, but that of the lives of your people as well. So, feel like it's the feeling of your society and act like it's the action of your society. But mark you, here I do not mean, feeling and acting like the society, rather, I am asking you to feel, think and act as an original, brave and conscientious human being, so that you become the very emblem of humanhood in front of others, for them to draw their life’s inspiration from. Doing what the society wants, makes you a second hand human - wanting the society to do what you want, makes you a narcissistic bigot - but being an embodiment of humanhood without any expectation from others, is what makes you a sentient human.”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”
“In everything, You must do what is right for you , because those you thought they care. Might be the ones indirectly fighting you .The ones who are plotting against you and the ones who are setting you up for failure. Most people if not all don’t really care if they are not benefiting from you.”
“A smile costs you nothing but can be priceless to someone else.”
“Great leaders make an impact with limited resources, but inefficient leaders cannot yield good returns even with abundant resources.”
“believe that this way of living, this focus on the present, the daily, the tangible, this intense concentration not on the news headlines but on the flowers growing in your own garden, the children growing in your own home, this way of living has the potential to open up the heavens, to yield a glittering handful of diamonds where a second ago there was coal. This way of living and noticing and building and crafting can crack through the movie sets and soundtracks that keep us waiting for our own life stories to begin, and set us free to observe the lives we have been creating all along without ever realizing it. I don’t want to wait anymore. I choose to believe that there is nothing more sacred or profound than this day. I choose to believe that there may be a thousand big moments embedded in this day, waiting to be discovered like tiny shards of gold. The big moments are the daily, tiny moments of courage and forgiveness and hope that we grab on to and extend to one another. That’s the drama of life, swirling all around us, and generally I don’t even see it, because I’m too busy waiting to become whatever it is I think I am about to become. The big moments are in every hour, every conversation, every meal, every meeting. The Heisman Trophy winner knows this. He knows that his big moment was not when they gave him the trophy. It was the thousand times he went to practice instead of going back to bed. It was the miles run on rainy days, the healthy meals when a burger sounded like heaven. That big moment represented and rested on a foundation of moments that had come before it. I believe that if we cultivate a true attention, a deep ability to see what has been there all along, we will find worlds within us and between us, dreams and stories and memories spilling over. The nuances and shades and secrets and intimations of love and friendship and marriage an parenting are action-packed and multicolored, if you know where to look. Today is your big moment. Moments, really. The life you’ve been waiting for is happening all around you. The scene unfolding right outside your window is worth more than the most beautiful painting, and the crackers and peanut butter that you’re having for lunch on the coffee table are as profound, in their own way, as the Last Supper. This is it. This is life in all its glory, swirling and unfolding around us, disguised as pedantic, pedestrian non-events. But pull of the mask and you will find your life, waiting to be made, chosen, woven, crafted. Your life, right now, today, is exploding with energy and power and detail and dimension, better than the best movie you have ever seen. You and your family and your friends and your house and your dinner table and your garage have all the makings of a life of epic proportions, a story for the ages. Because they all are. Every life is. You have stories worth telling, memories worth remembering, dreams worth working toward, a body worth feeding, a soul worth tending, and beyond that, the God of the universe dwells within you, the true culmination of super and natural. You are more than dust and bones. You are spirit and power and image of God. And you have been given Today.”
“You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”
“Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.”
“A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.”
“They all walk their own paths, live their own lives. A journey without farewells, a beginning without end. It is a little lonely, but that's how it is”
“Don't try to impress those people who have labeled you unimpressive without even knowing you.”
“Dear Daughter, When you learn how to do better, you will become better.”
“What if life could be this way? Only the happy parts, none of the terrible, not even the mildly unpleasant. What if we could just cut out the bad and keep the good? This is what I want to do with Violet - give her only the good, keep away the bad, so that good is all we ever have around us.”
“When the rabbit turns and chases the wolf into the arms of the devil, the devil and rabbit become deadly alliances. Beware of the rabbit.”
“The heart has a heart of its own.”
“There's difference between being dead and dying. We're all dying. Some of us die for ninety years, and some of us die for nineteen. But each morning everyone on this planet wakes up one day closer to their death. Everyone. So living and dying are actually different words for the same thing, if you think about it.”
“Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.”
“That’s the way life is sometimes: you can fix things up, but you can’t make them all better.”
“It does not take much to make us realize what fools we are, but the little it takes is long in coming.”
“Dance to the beat of your own drum; whether the world likes your rhythmic movements or not.”
“Life should be a risk. It's more than a straight line that you can see clearly from one point to the other. It dips and curves and you never know what's around the bend sometimes until you get there. That scares a lot of people. But that's the beauty of it.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“We slowly lose, from day to day, those little things, that pass away, with the ever changing winds of life, that come from all directions.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.”
“It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.”
“One of the many lessons she’d been taught at Quantico was to live by her training, to do what was known to work for a thousand times a thousand other lawmen, but also to recognize when by-the-book would result in a eulogy and a postmortem commendation, and then to trust the intuition that was truer than anything learned.”
“Regardless of how you perceive it, life is the greatest gift every human being has ever received. Be cheerful about it, and cherish it.”
“Relationships are never static. They have to evolve over time as the individuals in them change.”
“In fact, it comes to this: nobody is capable of really thinking about anyone, even in the worst calamity. For really to think about someone means thinking about that person every minute of the day, without letting one’s thoughts be diverted by anything- by meals, by a fly that settles on one’s cheek, by household duties, or by a sudden itch somewhere. But there are always flies and itches. That’s why life is difficult to live.”
“I can't decide whether I'm a good girl wrapped up in a bad girl, or if I'm a bad girl wrapped up in a good girl. And that's how I know I'm a woman!”
“Every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn’t be here if stars hadn’t exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution and for life - weren’t created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way for them to get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.”
“My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer, from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.”
“If they can’t get to Europe, they’ll find their way to a local theme-park Eiffel Tower. Even a place that we write off as “inauthentic,” they realize, can arouse emotions that are entirely authentic.”
“Sometimes we burden ourselves with the responsibility of making others happy.”
“Anyway, everybody gets something and nobody gets everything, and that's the way it is.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is about providing a fair chance to others so they can lead along with you.”
“With age comes acumen. With experience comes insight.”
“Sometimes the stronger we look from outside. The weaker we are from inside.”
“That was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me. But it is the same with any life. Imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been. Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.”
“Smart leaders always ask: "Who is important to us? What is important to us? Why is it important to us? How many things are important to us? And for how long will it be important to us?" They ask all these questions before embarking on the problem-solving process, because they are determined to come up with the right and sustainable solutions.”
“Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’.”
“Sometimes we are so caught up in the issues of life that we forget the point of departure. We are nothing but voyagers with limited time. We should live each day with a great sense of duty, knowing that one day we will account for this adventure.”
“Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“Every mistake is your "Good Teacher" in your life!”
“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students." [ Letter, November 1856 ]”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Every negative  Has a positive side ”
“As the manager sits before a performance, as the critics wait like hungry dogs to rip apart the performance, they all become entwined in the theatrics of it all.”
“The only difference between money and blank paper is that I can use blank paper for campfire” - Anuj Jasani”
“Of time, money, and knowledge, time is the most important. While you can re-earn the money you have lost and regain lost knowledge, time once gone cannot be got back!”
“Life lessons cannot be applied topically.”
“Dear Daughter, We live in a busy world, but sometimes you need to pause and remind yourself of how amazing you are.”
“Not forever does the bulbul sing In balmy shades of bowers, Not forever lasts the spring Nor ever blossom the flowers. Not forever reigneth joy, Sets the sun on days of bliss, Friendships not forever last, They know not life, who know not this.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Don't give up because in the end, everything will be worth it.”
“Life is hell, at some point we all just have to get used to it.”
“You can never run a race by only talking about it; it is the same with forgiveness. Until you forgive, you have not forgiven.”
“To regret one’s own experiences is to arrest one’s own development. To deny one’s own experiences is to put a lie into the lips of one’s own life. It is no less than a denial of the soul.”
“That's the thing about lessons, you always learn them when you don't expect them or want them.”
“You don't learn anything just by reading books. You learn only by receiving blows.”
“We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.”
“A day of Rest is always needed.”
“We have to fight many battles in our life. Life is not a one-battle game.”
“The courage to forgive often comes from the willingness to live a life of freedom.”
“You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun.”
“Hype always kills the real and genuine thing. They say fake it until you make it and those who are faking it are the ones that are always selected over the ones who are really doing it.”
“Love is a choice, including to love God. It is an exercise of will. As we will to work to support our families, as we will to go for a workout or study for a test. Love is more than a feeling it takes effort and action on our own part to exist.”
“God has forgiven us and still forgives us every time we repent of our sins. This indicates that we are not called to sin but to live in accordance with His will.”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“Another summer day has come and gone away in Paris and Rome, but I wanna go home " Home-Alan Chang; Amy Foster-Gillies; Michael Buble”
“In the journey of life, embracing change becomes a profound teacher. By accepting its presence, we open ourselves to growth, resilience, and the infinite potential that lies within transformation.”
“Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“Sometimes you open your window, a calm sea in front of you; sometimes you open your window, a cruel storm in front of you! The storm speaks, you know? What does he say, shall I say? He says you didn't appreciate that quiet day enough! Next time, be more appreciative!”
“Everyone grows but not everyone becomes mature.”
“Giving back is as good for you as it is for those you are helping, because giving gives you purpose. When you have a purpose-driven life, you’re a happier person.”
“People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.”
“Why not grab life by the shoulders and not give too much of a damn about it?”
“Running isn't a sport for pretty boys It's about the sweat in your hair and the blisters on your feet. Its the frozen spit on your chin and the nausea in your gut. It's about throbbing calves and cramps at midnight that are strong enough to wake the dead. It's about getting out the door and running when the rest of the world is only dreaming about having the passion that you need to live each and every day with. It's about being on a lonely road and running like a champion even when there's not a single soul in sight to cheer you on. Running is all about having the desire to train and persevere until every fiber in your legs, mind, and heart is turned to steel. And when you've finally forged hard enough, you will have become the best runner you can be. And that's all that you can ask for.”
“You can't learn everything you need to know legally.”
“Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“Pulvis et umbra sumus. It's a line from Horace. 'We are dust and shadows'. Appropriate, don't you think?" Will said. "It's not a long life, killing demons; one tends to die young, and then they burn your body - dust to dust, in the literal sense. And then we vanish into the shadows of history, nary a mark on the page of a mundane book to remind the world that once we existed at all.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“Had i known is always at last”
“Listen to your inner voice more than the voices of people who never make an effort to understand your point of view.”
“I always thought that life was about standing your ground, no matter how strong the current was. But going with the flow isn't so bad after all. As long as it takes you forward.”
“When you respect people more than they deserve, they stop respecting you.”
“Isn't it nice when you've outgrown the ideas of what life should be and you can enjoy what it is?”
“Dear Daughter, Please take care of yourself. The life you have is precious and you must always remember that.”
“In contrast, the gratification and education received from Sanjit’s classes is slow burning, personal, and in a changing world allegedly becoming more attuned to and obsessed with requiring that money spent – especially on education – must yield tangible results, what many would view as a paradoxical dynamic nevertheless persists there, near Park Circus, Kolkata. No grades, no forced accountability, all voluntary learning.”
“Life has a way of going in circles. Ideally, it would be a straight path forward––we'd always know where we were going, we'd always be able to move on and leave everything else behind. There would be nothing but the present and the future. Instead, we always find ourselves where we started. When we try to move ahead, we end up taking a step back. We carry everything with us, the weight exhausting us until we want to collapse and give up. We forget things we try to remember. We remember things we'd rather forget. The most frightening thing about memory is that it leaves no choice. It has mastered an incomprehensible art of forgetting. It erases, it smudges, it fills in blank spaces with details that don't exist. But however we remember it––or choose to remember it––the past is the foundation that holds our lives in place. Without its support, we'd have nothing for guidance. We spend so much time focused on what lies ahead, when what has fallen behind is just as important. What defines us isn't where we're going, but where we've been. Although there are places and people we will never see again, and although we move on and let them go, they remain a part of who we are. There are things that will never change, things we will carry along with us always. But as we venture into the murky future, we must find our strength by learning to leave things behind.”
“I am quite satisfied with my position. The work I am doing is not of very much value, perhaps, but we all do what we can.”
“Faith is a prudent investment in your spiritual, emotional and physical well-being by following God’s will.”
“People who taste victory have failed more than anyone else.”
“Inventions are Personal But An Idea is Always Universal.”
“Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed.”
“There is a difference between leadership and just occupying a prominent seat in the office. True leaders are not only known for their assigned titles. They are mainly known for doing great things.”
“Sometimes it's our own people that limit our growth.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn to be content with your life because that is the only one you have.”
“When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.”
“Fate loves the fearless.”
“Know what you want to do, hold the thought firmly, and do every day what should be done, and every sunset will see you that much nearer the goal.”
“Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance.”
“One day, you will meet someone who will love you for all of the things you once felt ashamed of. So respect your traits, your characteristics. Respect yourself as you are.”
“Page 142: "When a spouse says to the alcoholic, "you need to go to AA," that is obviously not true. The addict feels no need to do that at all, and isn't. But when she says, "I am moving out and will be open to getting back together when you are getting treatment for your addiction," then all of a sudden the addict feels "I need to get some help or I am going to lose my marriage." The need has been transferred. It is the same with any kind of problematic behavior of a person who is not taking feedback and ownership. The need and drive to do something about it must be transferred to that person, and that is done through having consequences that finally make him feel the pain instead of others. When he feels the pain, he will feel the need to change A plan that has hope is one that limits your exposure to the foolish person's issues and forces him to feel the consequences of his performance so that he might have hope of waking up and changing.”
“Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!”
“I did not yet know that glimpses were not complete access or revelation, that sometimes you uncover what they want you to uncover or things that are best left unheard.”
“Every person have bow down to someone in life..”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“Healing is a lifestyle.”
“Whoever said that the past isn't dead had it backward. It's the future that's already dead, already played out.”
“Love doesn't give you very many choices. When you love someone, you just want to be with them. If they break your heart, you will still love them. Because hearts are easy to break, and though love is tender and sometimes fragile, love isn't. Love sort of envelops you. It covers you like a giant shadow, then pulls you in like a blanket. You are so warm. The feeling surrounds you, and no matter how you feel, it is always there. You can't escape it. But you wouldn't want to. You are so, so safe. You can't remember the last time you were this happy. Were you ever? This happy? Every second you are apart feels like hours. Sometimes, right before you fall asleep, you miss them so much it hurts. You ache for them. Their warmth. Their touch. Their smell. You need them. When you can't sleep you wish and wish and wish that they would wake up and talk to you. When you dream of them, you wake up smiling. When pain stabs into you, you reach out for them. You cry to them, begging them to hold you and make it all go away, make everything go away. Love addicts you to its feeling. You never, ever want to lose that feeling. Sometimes the fear of losing love drives people to do crazy things. Like buy a plane ticket. Make a phone call. Run out of a class. Cry. Write. Laugh. Because when you love someone, you really love them. You give them your whole heart. You trust them. You never want to be away from them. Sometimes, you don't even need their words. You just need them there. Love is such an amazing thing, and too many people take it for granted. If you're in love, don't let it go. Don't you dare let it go.”
“The law is, at most times, the best measure of our limitations.”
“Over the course of my life, as I have made my Houdini-like escapes from one self-imposed constraint after another, a question haunts me with increasing insistence. How many levels does this game have?”
“I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.”
“Life is a manifestation of the unified field of consciousness. Colors, beauty, pleasure and pain are its songs of creation.”
“I don't particularly believe all love is doomed. But I guess, one is usually kinda suffering from some aborted love affair or association, rather than being at the peak of one. I think it's fairly obvious that a lot more suffering goes on in the name of love than the little happiness you can squeeze out of it.”
“You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.”
“Emotions are hard, but that’s what makes you strong ! Those who think emotional people are weak should know the same emotions give strength. Each time someone tries to break you, unknowingly they make you stronger.”
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”
“To whom you wish good for, he is the first person with whom you should fight for.”
“There’s nothing more tedious than pretending happiness when your world is upside down. Don’t pretend. It’s ok not to smile when anxiety is controlling your life. But don’t let the misery envelop you. Take a deep breath and try to fix your world though it may take some time. Remember, there is a way out of despair. You are that way.”
“I thought I had everything until I found you.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved. Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
“Expressing gratitude: We pray and express our gratitude to deities for keeping us alive and healthy as our body is a gift of god. This is our way of building an attitude of gratitude. - Sandhya Jane”
“Oh threats of Hell and Hopes of Paradise! One thing at least is certain - This Life flies; One thing is certain and the rest is Lies - The Flower that once has blown forever dies.”
“Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.”
“Sometimes you need a little crisis to get your adrenaline flowing and help you realize your potential.”
“Dear Leader, Never walk in the footsteps of failures if you want to be a great leader.”
“Life is much better when you choose to capture the best moments.”
“Dear Leader, Once elected into power, ensure that all promises made during the campaign are fulfilled.”
“Faith is a decision to engage in warfare without any spear, only with the armour of God in your hand.”
“The art of living lies in capping opportunities and not whining over problems.”
“Find fault with thyself rather than with others.”
“If what you want is what you cannot do without, then you will not be without it.”
“If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth and power, but for the passionate sense of the potential, for the eye which, ever young and ardent, sees the possible. Pleasure disappoints, possibility never. And what wine is so sparkling, what so fragrant, what so intoxicating, as possibility!”
“Successful leadership is a process where leaders succeed in making their vision a reality.”
“Life is full of traps; the most dangerous of these are the traps that you do not realize even after you are caught because if you do not realize that you are in the trap, you will remain in the trap!”
“A whole life can be lost in minutes and can be wasted in the small moments missed.”
“You can do anything, but not everything”
“ We'll Go No More A-roving So, we'll go no more a-roving So late into the night, Though the heart still be as loving, And the moon still be as bright. For the sword outwears its sheath, And the soul wears out the breast, And the heart must pause to breathe, And love itself have rest. Though the night was made for loving, And the day returns too soon, Yet we'll go no more a-roving By the light of the moon.”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“Dear Leader, Lead by example; do not be a better leader outside of your home and a terrible one at home.”
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
“Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.”
“Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.”
“Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.”
“Leaders who do not fear accountability always achieve more. Accountability empowers a leader to search for better strategies to lead.”
“Life is neither hard nor easy, life is life. Understanding this will help you endure every life situation, for life is neither hard nor easy, life is simply life.”
“It is not worth the while to let our imperfections disturb us always.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“The pain you have been going through is legitimate, but enduring pain from unforgiveness is illegitimate. Forgive and find peace in such an amazing way.”
“Forgiveness can open doors that were closed by grudges.”
“If you want light in your life but can’t find it anywhere. Maybe, you’ve to be the light yourself.”
“The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Life likes to do to us what we do to it. If we are scared of it, it scares us too. If we try to escape it, it gets us by our neck.If we try to chase it, it slips us by. If we love it, it simply loves us back. -Emit Eht”
“We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all.”
“You could say that life just happens and it's the way it goes, you either accept it or you fight it  Or You can be one of the few that rises above this perception and fights in all their glory to create the life they want, regardless of the struggle. Who do you want to be? Someone to remember or someone easy to forget ”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“In this here place, we flesh; flesh that weeps, laughs; flesh that dances on bare feet in grass. Love it. Love it hard. Yonder they do not love your flesh. They despise it. They don't love your eyes; they'd just as soon pick em out. No more do they love the skin on your back. Yonder they flay it. And O my people they do not love your hands. Those they only use, tie, bind, chop off and leave empty. Love your hands! Love them. Raise them up and kiss them. Touch others with them, pat them together, stroke them on your face 'cause they don't love that either. You got to love it, you! And no, they ain't in love with your mouth. Yonder, out there, they will see it broken and break it again. What you say out of it they will not heed. What you scream from it they do not hear. What you put into it to nourish your body they will snatch away and give you leavins instead. No, they don't love your mouth. You got to love it. This is flesh I'm talking about here. Flesh that needs to be loved. Feet that need to rest and to dance; backs that need support; shoulders that need arms, strong arms I'm telling you. And O my people, out yonder, hear me, they do not love your neck unnoosed and straight. So love your neck; put a hand on it, grace it, stroke it and hold it up. and all your inside parts that they'd just as soon slop for hogs, you got to love them. The dark, dark liver--love it, love it and the beat and beating heart, love that too. More than eyes or feet. More than lungs that have yet to draw free air. More than your life-holding womb and your life-giving private parts, hear me now, love your heart. For this is the prize.”
“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”
“The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.”
“Death offers you thorns, eternity offers you roses, and life offers you both.”
“Pain or love or danger makes you real again .”
“Forgiveness is looking into the mirror and reminding yourself that you also deserve peace.”
“My blood will speak on my behalf.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“Death is tired of waiting for me. Now, I must leave before it gets angry and curses me with immortality.”
“This is love, I think. A place where people who have been alone may lock together like hawks and spin in the air, dizzy with surprise at the connection. A place you go willingly, and with wonder”
“Being faithful in the smallest things is the way to gain, maintain, and demonstrate the strength needed to accomplish something great.”
“You cannot be a vessel that carries God’s presence if you do not allow forgiveness to take precedence in your life.”
“Then I discovered that being related is no guarantee of love!”
“For, let me tell you that the more the pleasures of the body fade away, the greater to me are the pleasure and charm of conversation.”
“My life is running, But I'm walking ”
“Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!”
“We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.”
“Let us keep enough money to enjoy each breath we take, but definitely not too much, if we don’t want to spoil the fragrance of our dreams and the poem of life.”
“There is a calling on your life, make it count.”
“When we trust our own gut and intuition things work out in greater flow.”
“Every birth takes time, yet we celebrate it for a moment. But death is just a second and leaves us with a lasting pain that no one can ever be familiar with.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music.”
“Life is sexy music, spicy-hot enchiladas and stacks of yellowed journals. It is the salsa and the gossip that floats on city breezes”
“I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me.”
“Life can be powered by one, pure emotion”
“Life tends to stray laterally on its linear course.”
“Forgiveness frees you from the chains of grudges. When you choose to forgive, you have chosen freedom indeed.”
“Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.”
“Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.”
“There’s a fine crack in the ceiling paint. I follow it across the room. It reminds me of all the little things in life that go unnoticed.”
“Life is good, but sometimes you can go through bad times. When bad times show up in your path, choose to remain good to others.”
“Hi Celestials Here is a Topic Why do some guys derive joy in spending huge amount of money buying free drinks, for their friends, but can't help or support them? A very sensitive question I couldn't ignore. I've seen this questions in couple of places and now it has been directed specifically to me. I 'm sure you must have come across this scenario or probably been a victim. Someone you've known for long, a childhood friend or colleague hits the jackpot. He excitedly called for celebration, spending a fortune on foods and drinks. Intact he's ready to close down the restaurant that night, but behind close doors, you've been asking him for a little financial assistance to boost your business or start up something, but he keeps giving excuses. After having so much thoughts about this, I only came up with one conclusion. And that is the fact life is partly competition, at least that is how some folks views it. The bitter truth is that Nobody wants you to be greater than they are except your parents. Everybody wants to be ahead. I call them dream wreckers. They would rather watch your dream die, than assist you. They prefer receiving accolades in public for feeding the whole community with foods and beer, than changing someone's destiny. Because it boost their Ego. Depend on them at your own peril. That's why bible said that you need to be pitied if you still put your hopes on mere mortal. You will be shocked by the high level of disappointment. Just be focused, persistent, and do the little you within your reach, then pray for grace. When the time comes, your destiny helper will locate you, and you will know he's the one because he won't feel burdened assisting you.”
“Life is too short when you think of the length of death”
“Learn to accept things, learn to understand things that they're happening because it's for our own good. No matter what happen, just always remember that "If that thing didn't happen, I wouldn't be what I am now.”
“Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.”
“Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there”
“No person should live in fear In the country they were born in.”
“Being hurt inevitably breeds feelings of hatred towards your attacker. But when we hurt others, we have to deal with their hatred for us, and our own feelings of guilt. Knowing what it feels like to be hurt is exactly why we try to be kind to others. That’s what makes us humans.”
“The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is why he made so many of them.”
“Calmness is a bed where flowers grow.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“The past is called the past for a reason. If you are constantly looking behind you, your eyes aren't on the road ahead. You don't drive the car that way, so why should you live your life that way?”
“How long had it had been since she'd thought back on the evenings around the fire, number games at the kitchen table, or listening to her father sing? Too long. Yes, there had been bad times. And she had tallied them like figures in a column, not remembering to factor in the good. She had doctored the books.”
“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”
“Don't buy into a superficial reality. It has an expiration date.”
“To be spiritual, one need not give up the world, but must overcome worldly desires.”
“Accidents happen. Our bones shatter, our skin splits, our hearts break. We burn, we drown, we stay alive.”
“Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.”
“Life is a dream. We wake up when we die”
“That is life, isn’t it? Fate. Luck. Chance. A long series of what-if’s that lead from one moment to the next, time never pausing for you to catch your breath, to make sense of the cards that have been handed to you. And all you can do is play your cards and hope for the best, because in the end, it all comes back to those three basics. Fate. Luck. Chance.”
“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning  Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”
“What should i write about her. My pen knows her better than me.”
“The nature of man is pessimistic. So, if you are acting pessimistically you should know you're not acting as God would have you act. Become optimistic.”
“No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.”
“In this dark age, parents also give utmost importance to the child who is most successful in life. So what can we expect from others?”
“Dear Leader, When people choose you, do not let them lose you along the way. Always do what is good for them and they will look up to you as a good leader.”
“People are the most difficult thing in the world to change”
“Forgiveness is about letting go of everything that is not good for your heart.”
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”
“Life is pretty much the same everywhere, it seemed; ugly, putrid, infested with vermin, full of shameful secrets and dark corners. Still, life is life, and he must make the best of it.”
“Love is the strongest angel. Hate is the ugliest demon.”
“Rule of life. If you bother to ask someone’s advice, then bother to listen to it.”
“Hardships make or break people.”
“I’m not the one you need to be scared of,” said the failure. I just smiled and whistled my favorite song.”
“People don't always want to be with people. It gets tiring.”
“A human being - what is a human being? Everything and nothing. Through the power of thought it can mirror everything it experiences. Through memory and knowledge it becomes a microcosm, carrying the world within itself. A mirror of things, a mirror of facts. Each human being becomes a little universe within the universe!”
“It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU. How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.”
“People will kill you. Over time. They will shave out every last morsel of fun in you with little, harmless sounding phrases that people uses every day, like: 'Be realistic!'" [ What It Is (2009)]”
“Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.”
“In the midst of life, we are in death.”
“Life is only long when we are unhappy.”
“To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“To live life bravely is to pass through a fire without hesitation even for a second when it is necessary to pass through it! What about living life wisely? It is something very different; it's about calculating, choosing the right time and wearing fireproof clothing!”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life ”
“Life is always available in the present, it cannot be searched in either past or future”
“One of the reasons why I admire Elon Musk is his ideals are so inspiring. And maybe to a certain extent match with my ideals in life. He doesn't own a house, and he doesn't indulge in other luxuries. He leads a minimalist life. Wouldn't our world become a better place if most people did not indulge in wasting money on buying luxuries?”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
“When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.”
“The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.”
“When I look at my old pictures, all I can see is what I used to be but am no longer. I think: What I can see is what I am not.”
“Life is the night sky All the dots of stars are happiness”
“Being too forgiving to everyone is only going to hurt you.”
“Avoid those who value money and support those who value humanity.”
“Always live your life with gratitude. That’s how the light comes into your life.”
“By being yourself, you fulfill your destiny. It’s your unique gifts, thoughts, and ideas that the world needs. No one else can give them to the world because they’re yours. Be yourself and bask in the power derived from self-realization.”
“You had to risk your life to get love. You had to get right to the edge of death to ever be saved.”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“Changing with time feels beautiful. But when someone forces you to change, it feels suffocating.”
“The lives of the living are still in their immature state, still growing.”
“We advance in life when we let go of the fear.”
“A man must find time for himself. Time is what we spend our lives with. If we are not careful we find others spending it for us. . . . It is necessary now and then for a man to go away by himself and experience loneliness; to sit on a rock in the forest and to ask of himself, 'Who am I, and where have I been, and where am I going?' . . . If one is not careful, one allows diversions to take up one's time—the stuff of life.”
“Dreams are meant for dream chasers”
“Since change is directly proportional to time, all you have to do is predict the time. Or, when the change is going to take place. Be prepared for the best and worst case.”
“When our daily lives focus more on the getting than the giving; we get less love and give more hate.”
“Forgiveness will make you feel better. Be courageous and forgive!”
“You cant get better if the only thing you think about is how you are getting worse.”
“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”
“I won't cry because it came to an end, but I will smile because it happened”
“sometimes it’s the senseless feelings which overwhelm you, the despair and frustration which build to dangerous levels and the subsequent release, the cigarettes, alcohol, nameless fucks, nights spent in the drunk tank. the cats howling outside the window know this and they act accordingly.”
“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
“When you forgive, you break free from the shackles of unforgiveness.”
“There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.”
“A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.”
“I'll be happy if running and I can grow old together.”
“It is okay to be a person who is still healing. The truth is that we always will be. It is a forever practice, it is that forever kind of love with yourself.”
“Perspective of Darkness is Not always Reality of Badness.”
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.”
“I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them. ”
“Some people are right, the others are left.”
“Sometimes the clouds weren't weightless. Sometimes their bellies got dark and full. It was life. It happened. It didn't mean it wasn't scary, or that I wasn't still afraid, but now I knew that as long as I was standing under it with Braden beside me when those clouds broke, I'd be alright. We'd get rained on together. Knowing Braden he'd have a big ass umbrela to shelter us from the worst of it. That there was an uncertain future I could handle.”
“You are always a little bit wrong”
“To me who dreamed so much as a child, who made a dreamworld in which I was the heroine of an unending story, the lives of people around me continued to have a certain storybook quality. I learned something which has stood me in good stead many times — The most important thing in any relationship is not what you get but what you give.”
“Leadership is not about writing and reading speeches. It goes beyond that. Leadership is when leaders read speeches that can resonate with their followers as they relate to the service rendered.”
“You should read something else." Why would he have done that to him?" I don't know," she said. Do you ever feel like Job?" She smiled, a little twinkle in her eyes. Sometimes." But you haven't lost your faith?" No," I knew she hadn't, but I think I was losing mine. Is it because you think you might get better?" No," she said,"its because its the only thing I have left.”
“We should live our lives as though Christ was coming this afternoon.”
“The measure of a person is not how much they have lived. It is not how easily they jump at a noise or how quick they are to show emotion. It's how they make use of what life has shown them.”
“Maybe your 'Words' are false, but your 'Eyes' never!”
“How can I go forward when I don't know which way I'm facing?”
“Outstanding people are those who choose to stand up regardless of the setbacks in life.”
“God is the Cure, Love is the Answer”
“Honesty always give good rewards.”
“No one deserves God’s forgiveness. Yet He forgives us because, to Him, forgiveness is a strong demonstration of divine love.”
“From young age to adulthood, love is all about seeking interest in your partner. Pure love only comes in old age, when all the fire of youth is extinguished.”
“Sometimes", said Miss Phillips, "the thing you dread doing the very thing you should do, just so you can stop thinking about it.”
“they say life goes on long after the thrill of living”
“The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.”
“Our prayers resonate far beyond ourselves.”
“If you don't fear your diminishing kindness then there is nothing as dark and lethal as you.”
“He found himself understanding the wearisomeness of this life, where every path was an improvisation and a considerable part of one's waking life was spent watching one's feet.”
“Leadership is not about driving the most expensive car or flying on the most expensive private jet. It is about moving in the right direction and guiding people to the right destination.”
“Too many locks, not enough keys.”
“Forgive yourself and others, because that is the only way to forget what hurt you and focus on what can help you.”
“We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.”
“Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life.”
“That's the problem with life. You never get enough time to stare at your ceiling and try to figure out what's going on.”
“That golden pin ball of a hare must be fresh dead! Thirty eight rabbits, seven squirrels, and one kitty cat D.O.A--MEEEEOOOWWW! Bippity bop-bop-bop bippity boo! I’m not no swineherd, my flocks a dead zoo! Won’t crunch on no crumpets, I slurp bacon stew! Ain’t dyin’ in one life, “my brothaaaa”, I’m livin’ two! Yo! Everything melts like grilled cheese in the grease of Old Blue! Old Blue! Old Blue! Everything melts like grilled cheese in the grease of Old Blue!” The Old Blue the character raps of…is money.”
“My biggest fault is that the faults I was born with grow bigger each year.”
“Most people don't want to die, but they don't want to live either. I am speaking about men now as much as women. They look for a third way, but there is no third way.”
“But what is the sense in forever speculating what might have happened had such and such a moment turned out differently? One could presumably drive oneself to distraction in this way. In any case, while it is all very well to talk of 'turning points', one can surely only recognize such moments in retrospect. Naturally, when one looks back to such instances today, they may indeed take the appearance of being crucial, precious moments in one's life; but of course, at the time, this was not the impression one had. Rather, it was as though one had available a never-ending number of days, months, years in which to sort out the vagaries of one's relationship with Miss Kenton; an infinite number of further opportunities in which to remedy the effect of this or that misunderstanding. There was surely nothing to indicate at the time that such evidently small incidents would render whole dreams forever irredeemable.”
“When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.”
“Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.”
“If you derive joy in destroying others, you won't go far in life.”
“I know it's not easy for you, living this life, but try to remember, always try to remember, you're not the only one with troubles.”
“Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.”
“Prayer is the foundation of every life filled with faith.”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours, Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
“Make it your sole intention to be part of the solution. When you learn how to efficiently solve problems, you will attract many opportunities.”
“Don't wake me for the end of the world unless it has very good special effects.”
“The scars and wounds will heal, and even fate will listen to intent when you move a few dancing steps.”
“Freedom emanates light and illuminates our life.”
“Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?”
“People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. They torture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.”
“When leaders stand firmly for what they believe in, they persuade their followers to stand with them.”
“Sometimes the saddest stories are hidden behind the brightest smiles.”
“After a long, labored sigh, I said, “She was really happy when I got there. I’m pretty sure she was suicidal when I left.” “You do have that effect on people.”
“Except birth, the rest of our life is a deadly affair.”
“You are not guilty about someone else progressing, you are guilty about not moving enough.”
“Transformational leadership is a calling, much more than a title. A transformational leader does not care how they are called. They only care about what they have been called to do.”
“One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home   With this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.”
“A good psychologist will take already-traumatic events in your life and work with you to contextualize them as non-traumatic. A bad psychologist will take non-traumatic events in your life and twist your narrative to both make them traumatic and connect them to your current problems. The problem is that good psychologists solve your issues while bad ones create dependency and thus recurring revenue streams.”
“The irony of life is that those who wear masks often tell us more truths than those with open faces.”
“If I would expect better spiritual conditions to serve, I would not have started until the present moment.”
“Nothing in this world happens by chance.”
“Don’t complain, don’t explain.”
“Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.”
“Every Human Life Is Predominantly Automated Based On The Movement Of Non-living Things In And Around Us, The Simplified Theory Of Everything”
“Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!”
“Life can never be the same without those who have a special meaning to you, but if they choose to leave you along the way, learn to live without them and let sanity prevail.”
“Physical distance is better than the emotional distance in relationships.”
“But I don’t think fighting monsters is all that courageous. I think the ultimate act of courage is standing still in the face of a monster. Courage is looking closely enough into its jaws to see it for what it is: an illusion. The monster isn’t real. It’s your fear of the monster that is real. And just about anything in life can look like a monster if the light is just right.”
“When all else fails, there's always delusion.”
“When you feel all alone and in the dark, never give up. When the time is right, life will grant you great rewards.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to be the best, you have to work harder than everyone else.”
“Dear Daughter, Great doors will open when you become obedient to the voice of God.”
“The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.”
“Don't Give Up; You are not alone. There will always be others who will extend their hand out to you and listen to understand your story. So do not be afraid to interact with others and have faith that someday it will be ok because it will. Remember, nothing stays the same, and every storm has its resolution.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes you have to forget who you are and focus on making your mark.”
“Well, it's a good life and a good world, all said and done, if you don't weaken.”
“Life has a meaning but do not set out to find out. Just live it out.”
“Just remember, life is short. You have to enjoy every moment before it passes you by.”
“Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.”
“How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.”
“When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.”
“Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on. I hope you never have to think about anything as much as I think about you.”
“Just live well. Just live”
“Don't expect others to help you when you are never there to help them.”
“Search of truth is actually a search of strength to handle the truth.”
“Time settles down a thing or two but not everything. We cannot wait forever. We cannot hope forever. We cannot dream forever. We have to move on with whatever we have or with nothing at all. We have to move on.”
“​In the age of technology and abundant resources, it's more important for youth to understand the value of resources and believe what impact they can bring to their life.”
“Don't be so blinded in love that love becomes the reason for your destruction in life.”
“Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.”
“Life is not a cosmic vending machine where you put in your two cents and get what you want when you want it. Life is more like the seasons or the ebb and flow of the tides. We prepare or react to what comes and we are molded and strengthened or shriveled and embittered.”
“Have you ever hoped for something? And held out for it against all the odds? Until everything you did was ridiculous? ”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood ”
“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome." [ Meditations Divine and Moral ]”
“I'm afraid of time  I mean, I'm afraid of not having enough time. Not enough time to understand people, how they really are, or to be understood myself. I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes. You can't fix them without time. I'm afraid of seeing snapshots, not movies.”
“I call the polar opposites to Wrong Planet people Rag, Tag & Bobtail because they’re really nothing but glove puppets. Their heads are little more than hollow wood and at times they seem to be controlled by strings and rods and levers with invisible hands inside them making them ‘perform.’ Most glove puppets have fixed facial expressions and a hinged mouth, giving them a dull, lifeless expression.”
“Whether you are unhappy, purposeless, or just unsatisfied with where you are in the moment, you have hope as happiness is a learned emotion.”
“We perceive the world through the rear window of life, observe all the puzzles and little pieces of our existence and assemble them in a comprehensive pattern. This allows us to reassess and evaluate our world view. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )”
“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go  ..is found freedom. In the letting go  .. is found the flight!”
“Remember: there are no mistakes only lessons love yourself trust your choises and everything is POSSIBLE”
“A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.”
“The dreaming, the making, the resting— all part of the creative process.”
“Transformational leadership is about having the right influence on followers, rather than creating affluence for individual leaders.”
“The others in the dorm thought I wanted to be a writer, because I was always alone with a book, but I had no such ambition. There was nothing I wanted to be. ”
“Destiny doesn't instruct you to hurt people. Don't blame destiny for your wrong actions.”
“People make mistakes in life through believing too much, but they have a damned dull time if they believe too little.”
“There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.”
“Listen—I want to run all my life, screaming at the top of my lungs. Let all of life be an unfettered howl. Like the crowd greeting the gladiator. Don’t stop to think, don’t interrupt the scream, exhale, release life’s rapture. Everything is blooming. Everything is flying. Everything is screaming, choking on its screams. Laughter. Running. Let-down hair. That is all there is to life.”
“As a child, you were a cub; as a youth, you were a fox; as an adult, you were a lion; but as an elder, you became an owl.”
“Meditation is not about the time you're sitting down with your eyes closed. It's about how that time impacts the rest of your day and the rest of your life. Meditation isn't just for sitting either. Every single moment of our lives can be a meditation.”
“Do families turn their backs over emotions or acts? Turn their back over emotional acts? Do they fall in emotional traps? Do it transpire into emotional collapse?”
“I now avoid trying to see myself as one thing or the other. I'm not a happy person or a sad person. I am not a calm person or a fearful person. I am a happy, sad, calm, fearful person. I let myself feel it all. And that way I am always open to new feelings.”
“No matter what life throws your way, choose to be a much better person today than you were yesterday.”
“If you wish Allah to accept it, let your heart bring it to Allah.”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“Value can be changed ,but nature can't..”
“Through intuition, we grasp the flow of change and dynamism present in the universe. We therefore discover, and intuition becomes a catalyst for holistic wealth.”
“Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.”
“We see our eyes with our own eyes, we see our mind with our own mind, and we see our heart with our own heart.”
“Each affects the other, and the other affects the next, and the world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.”
“We make time for our friends. But in doing so, plan the time right so that you don't neglect your own needs.”
“If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live”
“Those who can't build, destroy.”
“I knew long ago and rediscovered that the best way to attract attention,help,and conversation is to be lost.A man who seeing his mother starving to death on a path kicks her in the stomach to clear the way, will cheerfully devote several hours of his time giving wrong directions to a total stranger who claims to be lost”
“Being a Good Person Doesn’t get you Loved, it gets you used.”
“She did not want history to repeat itself. What she did not know was that sometimes, history had a way of crawling back into people’s life when they least expect it.”
“The nuances of karma are hard to understand”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.”
“Do what you can NOW With what you have NOW Where you are NOW With the energy and the strength you have NOW …and KEEP GOING!”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.”
“Given that we can live only a small part of what there is in us -- what happens with the rest?”
“Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar”
“It becomes easy to leave once you realize you didn't belong there.”
“It's hard to build momentum if you're dividing your attention.”
“Value and Power of Time, Prayers and Purpose driven consistency are the strong foundation elements of one’s life.”
“Don't expect a good life, just expect to be good in life." -Joseph Jiyun Yang”
“It’s not so much the journey that’s important; as is the way that we treat those we encounter and those around us, along the way”
“Stop feeling bad if someone criticizes you all the time. Because some people have the habit of correcting others and not themselves.”
“Lots of things can be fixed. Things can be fixed. But many times, relationships between people cannot be fixed, because they should not be fixed. You're aboard a ship setting sail, and the other person has joined the inland circus, or is boarding a different ship, and you just can't be with each other anymore. Because you shouldn't be.”
“The thing about getting older is that you don't need everything to be possible any more, you just need things to be certain.”
“Love, like everything else in life, should be a discovery, an adventure, and like most adventures, you don’t know you’re having one until you’re right in the middle of it.”
“Always be yourself because once you lose yourself you lose everything.”
“Introspective souls are often tormented by their passionate visions. This is because visionaries see what shall be and wake up to what is. However, if you couldn't see a glimpse of the city lights while stranded in the forest, how would you ever know to walk in that direction? Sometimes, your vision can't be put into action, until you gather the learning experiences, along your journey first.”
“You say freak, I say unique.”
“Liberty is only possible on the condition of regularity. We cannot be free and play the game of life without abiding to the rules, but the rules have to be adapted constantly in line with our experiences and the events we encounter. ( “If he doesn't play ball “ )”
“God's perfect will wins within me that disables any competition, in that divine provisional place and position, failure can never be found!”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“She who reconciles the ill-matched threads Of her life, and weaves them gratefully Into a single cloth – It’s she who drives the loudmouths from the hall And clears it for a different celebration.”
“Desire is half of life; indifference is half of death.”
“The world is terrible," said Mark tonelessly. "And some are drawn down into it and drown there, and some rise above and carry others with them.”
“That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.”
“I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.”
“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”
“A pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.”
“A needy God could end up destroying the universe one day. God is the Absolute. This means that he does not change and that he does not need anything from His creations.”
“We do not remember days, we remember moments. The richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten.”
“When the chips are down, you are given the chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that’s how you roll.”
“He stood at the window of the empty cafe and watched the activites in the square and he said that it was good that God kept the truths of life from the young as they were starting out or else they'd have no heart to start at all.”
“Sometimes I just think depression's one way of coping with the world. Like, some people get drunk, some people do drugs, some people get depressed. Because there's so much stuff out there that you have to do something to deal with it.”
“You can live your whole life not realizing that what you're looking for is right in front of you.”
“Dear Daughter, Be the light, shine bright and do wonders. This is your life, make it count.”
“Weekend means: two days of sunshine will equal five days of rain. Pleasure is always followed by pain and vice versa.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
“Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?”
“To all those who care, You can't forever. Time steals the years, And your reflection in the mirror. But I can still see the story in your eyes, And your timeless passion that’s never died. While your skin became tired, Your heart became strong, The present became the past, And your memories like a song. And though the moment at hand is all that we have, You’ve taught me to live it like it is our last. Since two words don't say ‘thank you’ the way they are meant to, I'll try all my life to be something like you.”
“Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of mortal inventions. “No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from.” “But what if he is your friend?” Achilles had asked him, feet kicked up on the wall of the rose-quartz cave. “Or your brother? Should you treat him the same as a stranger?” “You ask a question that philosophers argue over,” Chiron had said. “He is worth more to you, perhaps. But the stranger is someone else’s friend and brother. So which life is more important?” We had been silent. We were fourteen, and these things were too hard for us. Now that we are twenty-seven, they still feel too hard. He is half of my soul, as the poets say. He will be dead soon, and his honor is all that will remain. It is his child, his dearest self. Should I reproach him for it? I have saved Briseis. I cannot save them all. I know, now, how I would answer Chiron. I would say: there is no answer. Whichever you choose, you are wrong.”
“We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.”
“We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation.”
“No one should persecute someone because of their differences in opinion on the matter. However, without reasoning, there will be no progression.”
“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
“You carry/All the ingredients/To turn your life into a nightmare--/Don't mix them!”
“In moments of sorrow, sway, when searching for answers, sway, when broken is the heart, sway, and allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“Life is just mirrors and misunderstandings.”
“You have to rely on whatever sparks you have inside.”
“Journey becomes difficult when we know the destination but not aware of the right path, may be the supreme power testing your moral and physical stamina.”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“You think your past defines you, and worse, you think that it is an unchangeable reality, when really, your perception of it changes as you do. Because experience is always multi-dimensional, there are a variety of memories, experiences, feelings, “gists” you can choose to recall…and what you choose is indicative of your present state of mind. So many people get caught up in allowing the past to define them or haunt them simply because they have not evolved to the place of seeing how the past did not prevent them from achieving the life they want, it facilitated it. This doesn’t mean to disregard or gloss over painful or traumatic events, but simply to be able to recall them with acceptance and to be able to place them in the storyline of your personal evolution.”
“At some point we all look up and realize we are lost in a maze.”
“And that's what we'll do every day. If you or your friends spray-paint obscenities on our walls, we'll scrub them off, and the people will come. if you break our windows, we'll fix them, and the people will come. If you hurt us, we'll wash off the blood, slap on some bandages and the people will come any wound you inflict, we'll stitch up. We're not going to stop, no matter what you do. This work is too important. Too many lives are at stake.”
“Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. ”
“Why can’t we close our minds tonight and open our hearts in the morning? Why can’t we stumble freely into an open space and stabilize ourselves with our vulnerability? Why can’t we drop our hoodies on our shoulders and worry only about the uniform air that we breathe? Let’s all take the next swipe with our middle finger and displace the cardinal system from being the warden for our NEWS! Poem - IN MOTION, from EvolutionR. December 9, 2022.”
“But what are loyalty and caring really worth?" "To me? Everything.”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden ”
“Congratulations! Today is your day You're off to great places You're off and away You've got brains in your head You've got feet in your shoes You can steer yourself any Direction you choose You're on your own And you know what you know And you are the guy Who'll decide where you go Out there things can happen And frequently do To people as brainy And footsy as you And will you succeed? Yes you will indeed! (98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed) You're off to great places Today is your day Your mountain is waiting Go, get on your way!”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“Great leaders are always mindful of the need to be accountable. Whatever they do is within the ambit of the law. Not only do they abide by the rules of law, they also adhere to ethical principles.”
“The problem with falling in love is falling back out of it again, usually because you've fallen in love with a lie. That happens as often as not.”
“Dear Daughter, If you desire tranquillity in your life and want to feel fulfilled, avoid competition.”
“You believe you have Time - You do not have Time, you have Life; What you do with it is up to you.”
“Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.”
“Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.”
“Who would have guessed that four minutes could change everything?”
“If perception is limited, why do so many almost sacrifice their lives to satisfy it?”
“Being human is not hard because you're doing it wrong, it's hard because you're doing it right.”
“No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing. Even the most evil of men and women, if you understand their hearts, had some generous act that redeems them, at least a little, from their sins.”
“When in the trance of dance you lose track of time, each moment equals to an eon of smiles.”
“Most things are forgotten over time. Even the war itself, the life-and-death struggle people went through is now like something from the distant past. We’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about everyday, too many new things we have to learn. But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.”
“Man, life's going to keep pushing you around, but you have to keep playing.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“There can be no world peace without inner peace.”
“The moon in the night sky reminds us that the sun hasn't left us. It's waiting in the sunshine.”
“In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.”
“God forgive me for what I've done. God forgive me for what I will do, and forgive me for what I can't do because my religion won't let me.”
“Solitude, the pricy state seeking tranquil air, for errors, for apologies, behold! a calm down side, beneath the sloppy, hilly village’s canopying shade, there is the warmth of lonely peace to respite”
“Only when you accept that one day you'll die can you let go, and make the best out of life. And that's the big secret. That's the miracle.”
“ONE FAILURE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED SUCCESS; ONE TREACHERY TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED FAILURE; ONE INJUSTICE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED TREACHERY; ONE LOVE FAILURE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED INJUSTICE; ONE DEATH TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED LOVE FAILURE; ONE LIFE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED DEATH”
“Dear Daughter, Follow paths that lead to a destination synonymous with excellence.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“Good. You should be frightened.” He turned to her, his eyes wild and dangerous. “This is the man you’re marrying, Esperanza. This is what he does to people. The least you can do is go into it with your eyes open. You and your family, all you see are the flashy clothes and baile cenas, the huge estates and the sparkly jewellery. Did you ever stop to think about where he gets it all from? It’s paid for in blood, Señorita. The blood of innocent men.”
“That’s how I know they are dreams. Because the simple and plain and everyday things are the ones that we can never have. (Cassia Reyes)”
“In a higher phase of communist society, after the enslaving subordination of the individual to the division of labor, and therewith also the antithesis between mental and physical labor, has vanished; after labor has become not only a means of life but life's prime want; after the productive forces have also increased with the all-around development of the individual, and all the springs of co-operative wealth flow more abundantly—only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be crossed in its entirety and society inscribe on its banners: From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs!”
“An education is not so much about making a living as making a person.”
“When blowing out someone’s candle you risk blowing out your own.”
“It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquility: they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.”
“Smart leaders always ask: "Who is important to us? What is important to us? Why is it important to us? How many things are important to us? And for how long will it be important to us?" They ask all these questions before embarking on the problem-solving process because they are determined to come up with the right and sustainable solutions.”
“There is nothing more graceful and powerful than the ability to respond to life (in all situations) with love and acceptance.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes and mind to what lies behind, so you can focus on the now.”
“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”
“Sometimes you do not need forgiveness from others; you just need to forgive yourself first.”
“Your Prejudiced Friends are only in the manipulation of your opponent.So don't go away from them.”
“Infinite particles found in stars- Fragments, beaming of light, pouring forth through the sun. Grains of sand blown by the wind, along with blades of grass and prickly ash from our Earth. We fly as an eagle- soaring, and with the night, we come to be awakened by the morning light. Glorious life, here we meet and here, we are One as our hearts beat. I am grateful for the infinite, creative living force within all.”
“Value your time and don't waste it on the people that don't value yours. Time is precious.”
“Leadership is like candlelight. It brings forth light in the darkness.”
“In the end, all things shall come to an end, but God shall not. That is why He can be trusted.”
“Dear Daughter, The best is in store for those who work hard and strive for excellence. Be one of those.”
“Don't try to control your people. Let them make their own mistakes.”
“When self-preservation is not applied with discernment, it becomes the Devil’s tool or we can choose to take a chance on people after applying the lessons taught by Adversity’s storms. Let our triggers teach us.”
“When exploring, read the warning signs: figuratively and literally.”
“I'm not irreplaceable   I'm nothing but grass growing on the ground; when the grass dies, another one replaces it  ”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.”
“Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!”
“The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.”
“Our most significant opportunities will be found in times of greatest difficulty.”
“Would you not be happier if you tried to forget her severity, together with the passionate emotions it excited? Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs." - Helen Burns”
“I saw the years of my life spaced along a road in the form of telephone poles threaded together by wires. I counted one, two, three  nineteen telephone poles, and then the wires dangled into space, and try as I would, I couldn't see a single pole beyond the nineteenth.”
“Nothing happens by chance. Luck does not exist. Whether it's good or bad luck or karma, everything has a because behind it.”
“You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“It is easy to be carried away with ruminating about the past and worrying about the future. We waste precious seconds, minutes, hours doing this every single day. When we stop judging our experiences, we become less reactive and better able to tolerate difficulty.”
“The ties that bind us to life are tougher than you imagine, or than any one can who has not felt how roughly they may be pulled without breaking.”
“Finding loyalty in love has become difficult, Love itself has lost its true essence.”
“some winters will never melt some summers will never freeze and some things will only   live in poems.”
“Stories you read when you're the right age never quite leave you. You may forget who wrote them or what the story was called. Sometimes you'll forget precisely what happened, but if a story touches you it will stay with you, haunting the places in your mind that you rarely ever visit.”
“It's painful to be in an emotional relationship with someone who is emotionless.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Any leadership that lacks direction is like dew. When heat appears, it disappears.”
“Because," explained Mary Rommely simply, "the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out by believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination. I, myself, even in this day and at my age, have great need of recalling the miraculous lives of the Saints and the great miracles that have come to pass on earth. Only by having these things in my mind can I live beyond what I have to live for.”
“Dear Daughter, No one has a perfect life, not even those whose lives seem perfect in your eyes. So, do not feel miserable based on what you see on social media. Value your life and celebrate it no matter what.”
“You normally have to be bashed about a bit by life to see the point of daffodils, sunsets and uneventful nice days.”
“There are five people you meet in heaven. Each of us was in your life for a reason. You may not have known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for. For understanding your life on earth. This is the greatest gift God can give you: to understand what happened in your life. To have it explained. It is the peace you have been searching for.”
“Leadership is the acceptance of social service. It is not about self-service at all.”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“Do not ask your children to strive for extraordinary lives. Such striving may seem admirable, but it is the way of foolishness. Help them instead to find the wonder and the marvel of an ordinary life. Show them the joy of tasting tomatoes, apples and pears. Show them how to cry when pets and people die. Show them the infinite pleasure in the touch of a hand. And make the ordinary come alive for them. The extraordinary will take care of itself.”
“Life is a spiral. As long as we lived, we would keep moving forward. But on a spiral path, getting closer to your destination meant periodically passing the same things—emotions, issues, character flaws—over and over again, the way a person walking up a spiral staircase would continually find himself facing north every ten steps or so.”
“Those who claim to know, or rely so much on knowledge, have blinded themselves to attaining wisdom in life.”
“the original color of the apple -Ozcan: So, it is nothing. Imagine that we live in a world of matter, with no color, no taste, no smell, no touch, no sound. Our five senses cannot receive any information about it. So, we live in nothing, our minds decide what it is, and our need to communicate has created languages, terms, and common concepts. I may see and hear nothing but what you see and hear, but we have agreed on terms and concepts that unite us on them. Ozcan added: But nothing is still a thing, our five senses restrict us, perhaps if we had five additional senses to receive the data of this nothing, our minds would interpret it, and deal with it. We need additional senses to receive data that we do not know anything about. Ten senses, for example? Are they enough? What if the nature of this substance needs an extra sense yet? Well, a hundred senses? What if the right sense is not among them? In the end, we do not need a large number of senses, but rather the appropriate sense to receive the necessary data about this substance. The next question, Ruslan: What if we got this sense, and then our mind rejected the reality of matter for some reason? And decided not to interpret the data correctly? Or ignored it? As it often does with our five senses. -What is deafness? -A defect in the ear, due to which the mind does not receive any information about sounds. -But sometimes the mind simply decides to ignore sounds despite receiving data. When it is engaged in something, for example, sleeping, our minds often receive sounds and decide to ignore them, just like that, even though there is no hearing impairment. Sight, touch, taste, smell, the mind can ignore its input if it so desires. He looked directly into his eyes, and advanced towards him a little, he said in a tone of ambiguity: But what if we already have this appropriate sense, Ruslan, but our minds interpret their data at will. Or decided to ignore it completely for some reason. And what is this sense? Let’s agree to call it zero sense. The sense through which we can receive the data of the original color of the apple”
“Time remorselessly rambles down the corridors and streets of our lives. but it is not until autumn that most of us become aware that our tickets are stamped with a terminal destination.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.”
“Leadership is not about occupying any seat for the longest period of time. It is about making the most significant impact, even for a short while.”
“The development of our senses grows because of curiosity. We smell something, then, we progress to tasting or touching it. Or vice versa.”
“The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.”
“It's so common to fear the unknown and fear what we don't understand, but that's one of the most important things we can come to accept because it's the only truth there is. When you have full trust and faith in the universe, there's nothing to fear.”
“I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them”
“Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.”
“When people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them that the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the big bang, so there is no time for god to make the universe in. It’s like asking directions to the edge of the earth; The Earth is a sphere; it doesn’t have an edge; so looking for it is a futile exercise. We are each free to believe what we want, and it’s my view that the simplest explanation is; there is no god. No one created our universe,and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization; There is probably no heaven, and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that I am extremely grateful.”
“What I believe is that there is no good time. All times are valid.”
“I don't agree with your choices", I croaked out. "But I respect that they are yours to make.”
“Maybe that's what love is all about. That some love stories only end in a 'happily'  without the ever after. That some girls end up loving one man for all their lives and some men kept loving one girl, even after he met a lot. Maybe that's what love is all about. Maybe ”
“You are someone who is different, but who wants to be the same as everyone else. And that in my view is a serious illness. God chose you to be different. Why are you disappointing God with this kind of attitude?”
“Learn to forgive yourself and to forgive others.”
“Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.”
“Ah, but I was so much older then I’m younger than that now”
“Who are you to judge the life I live? I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers  make sure you hands are clean!”
“To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”
“Don't bite off more than you can chew because nobody looks attractive spitting it back out.”
“We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules.”
“Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of happy mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give.”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“Is everybody in? Is everybody in? Is everybody in? The ceremony is about to begin. The entertainment for this evening is not new, you've seen this entertainment through and through you have seen your birth, your life, your death .you may recall all the rest. Did you have a good world when you died? -enough to base a movie on??”
“Forgive even those who hate to see you happy. Show them how free and happy you are.”
“Dear Leader, Mistakes will happen along the way. But do not make your followers think that you were the worst mistake they ever made.”
“It used to be that a ready man was left alone but in our fast paced world of prosperity and pride, and affluence and ease, men have become base and dogpile to tear down to their depths rather than exalt and extol. This is what has always becomes of a Godless people. They become a cult of debauchery who seeks to destroy the named heretics that opposes them.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“Things don't always work out the way we hope. You just have to pick yourself up and find a new direction to go in.”
“Unforgiveness keeps you far from joy and tricks you out of a fruitful life. Make that choice to forgive once and for all.”
“Women, they have minds, and they have souls, as well as just hearts. And they’ve got ambition, and they’ve got talent, as well as just beauty. I’m so sick of people saying that love is all a woman is fit for.”
“Academia doesn't pay well, unfortunately.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn to evacuate any place that could stop you from being great.”
“Experience the journey across countless worlds when the role of breath is taken by dancing steps.”
“We need to get rid of hate, envy, jealousy, discord in ourselves, so we can reach a solution in terms of peace in order to feel that time has come for human happiness.”
“Faith is why I'm here today and faith is why I made it through.”
“This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.”
“Faith is a process whereby you hold on to God’s promises because you know that He will fulfil them.”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“Art enables us to find ourselves and loose ourselves at the same time.”
“If you are not a boring person, life is unlikely to be boring!”
“I have always, essentially, been waiting. Waiting to become something else, waiting to be that person I always thought I was on the verge of becoming, waiting for that life I thought I would have. In my head, I was always one step away. In high school, I was biding my time until I could become the college version of myself, the one my mind could see so clearly. In college, the post-college “adult” person was always looming in front of me, smarter, stronger, more organized. Then the married person, then the person I’d become when we have kids. For twenty years, literally, I have waited to become the thin version of myself, because that’s when life will really begin. And through all that waiting, here I am. My life is passing, day by day, and I am waiting for it to start. I am waiting for that time, that person, that event when my life will finally begin. I love movies about “The Big Moment” – the game or the performance or the wedding day or the record deal, the stories that split time with that key event, and everything is reframed, before it and after it, because it has changed everything. I have always wanted this movie-worthy event, something that will change everything and grab me out of this waiting game into the whirlwind in front of me. I cry and cry at these movies, because I am still waiting for my own big moment. I had visions of life as an adventure, a thing to be celebrated and experienced, but all I was doing was going to work and coming home, and that wasn’t what it looked like in the movies. John Lennon once said, “Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” For me, life is what was happening while I was busy waiting for my big moment. I was ready for it and believed that the rest of my life would fade into the background, and that my big moment would carry me through life like a lifeboat. The Big Moment, unfortunately, is an urban myth. Some people have them, in a sense, when they win the Heisman or become the next American Idol. But even that football player or that singer is living a life made up of more than that one moment. Life is a collection of a million, billion moments, tiny little moments and choices, like a handful of luminous, glowing pearl. It takes so much time, and so much work, and those beads and moments are so small, and so much less fabulous and dramatic than the movies. But this is what I’m finding, in glimpses and flashes: this is it. This is it, in the best possible way. That thing I’m waiting for, that adventure, that move-score-worthy experience unfolding gracefully. This is it. Normal, daily life ticking by on our streets and sidewalks, in our houses and apartments, in our beds and at our dinner tables, in our dreams and prayers and fights and secrets – this pedestrian life is the most precious thing any of use will ever experience.”
“Never assume that the person you are dealing with is weaker or less important than you are. Some people are slow to take offense, which may make you misjudge the thickness of their skin, and fail to worry about insulting them. But should you offend their honor and their pride, they will overwhelm you with a violence that seems sudden and extreme given their slowness to anger. If you want to turn people down, it is best to do so politely and respectfully, even if you feel their request is impudent or their offer ridiculous.”
“There are so many bad people in the world. They'll treat you badly, they'll haggle and undermine your worth. They'll calculate what they can get without thinking about what to give. That's the world. Very seldom, you'll find someone who will not undermine and haggle your worth, who will take risks for you, who will think about what they can give to you and how they can make you happy. So you see, the rule goes like this— when you find such a person, you don't let go of them. You stay with them and they stay with you.”
“In life, you have to take everything seriously, but nothing personal.”
“Every thought is only a hindrance by the mind from realizing the self and being left only with intelligence that has no emotion anymore.”
“Life emerges when something is alive and living.”
“If roses were not special weeds would not envy them.”
“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”
“Deliver what others never expected and watch how you climb the ladder of success faster ”
“It's not my words that you should fear, but my silence. My words speak straight to the core but my absence will leave you speechless.”
“If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule: Never lie to yourself!”
“Nah," I said. "But if it does, just tell him I said to get back on the bike." "What?" "He'll understand.”
“I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.”
“Do you know what you're saying when you say, "Whatever"? It's just a code word for the f-word, followed by "you." And at your age, you never, ever. say that to anyone.' " Blaze leaned back. "So now, when someone says it to me, I just say, 'You too.' (72)”
“Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.”
“Distance sometimes lets you know who is worth keeping, and who is worth letting go.”
“Live them for the people who didn’t get to enjoy being a teenager. For the people who never lived past being a teenager.”
“If you spend your life sparing people’s feelings and feeding their vanity, you get so you can’t distinguish what should be respected in them.”
“If you want to be happy in life, embrace pain, for it is proportional to happiness.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times. and carving new paths.”
“We've been convinced that having an option is essential even if there is no evidence to form one on.”
“Living is such a great adventure. Swing between good and evil, pleasure and pain, success and failure. It's full of ups and downs.”
“Life - a meaningless thing, draped in some moments, that can be given any title or definition.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“The moment you begin to understand your nightmares, you are truly on your way to victory.”
“Dear Daughter, Do what is meaningful in life because that is what gives meaning to the world.”
“To be naive unleashes a true genius.”
“..we all have to do things in this life that we don't like..”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“We all go through hard times in life. It’s a part of being alive and it's the reality we all have to deal with. There are times we forget our value as a person because we are so blinded with these thoughts of loneliness, emptiness and ego. Somewhere along the road we become numbed with all the frustrations and dissatisfaction. But life itself isn't always about darkness and sadness, Life is also filled with colors and that makes it beautiful. Along this path of darkness there's always light waiting to be seen by our daunted hearts. Our heart is gifted to see this light. It may be hiding behind those circumstances that we encounter; in a stranger we just met at an unexpected place; a family who has been always there but you just ignored because of your imperfect relationship with them; it might be a long time friend you have or a friend you just met. Open your heart and you will see how blessed you are to have them all in your life. Sometimes they are the light that shines your path in some dark phases of life. Don't lose hope”
“You will suffer, son of Hades!’ What else is new? Nico thought.”
“Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!”
“And these children that you spit on As they try to change their worlds Are immune to your consultations. They're quite aware of what they're going through. - Changes ”
“He, who forgives, purifies his own heart.”
“People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.”
“To be, or not to be: that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep; No more; and by a sleep to say we end The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation Devoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep; To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub; For in that sleep of death what dreams may come When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause: there's the respect That makes calamity of so long life; For who would bear the whips and scorns of time, The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, The pangs of despised love, the law's delay, The insolence of office and the spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes, When he himself might his quietus make With a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear, To grunt and sweat under a weary life, But that the dread of something after death, The undiscover'd country from whose bourn No traveller returns, puzzles the will And makes us rather bear those ills we have Than fly to others that we know not of? Thus conscience does make cowards of us all; And thus the native hue of resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, And enterprises of great pith and moment With this regard their currents turn awry, And lose the name of action.--Soft you now! The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisons Be all my sins remember'd!”
“You can change your Life Story, by healing your Soul Story!”
“Other side of fear lies freedom.”
“It's just a feeling I have. What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real. My enemy is, among other things, the me inside me.”
“There was only one guy in the whole Bible Jesus ever personally promised a place with him in Paradise. Not Peter, not Paul, not any of those guys. He was a convicted thief, being executed. So don't knock the guys on death row. Maybe they know something you don't.”
“If you know them better than they know themselves, then you deserve them.”
“Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.”
“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much”
“You don't ask for questions to come in your head, they just come up.”
“Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead, do not let people plead for your service. You need to honour your leadership pledge by giving them your best service.”
“Fear of being alone forces people to stay with an unfaithful partner.”
“Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”
“Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.”
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.”
“How generous is dance, it barters your moments of anguish and gifts you joy equal to lifetimes.”
“Leaders with good ambition always find it possible to stir their leadership in the right direction.”
“Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.”
“Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.”
“Great leaders avoid confusion and offer a clear direction, because they are custodians of great visions.”
“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”
“Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.”
“Optimism is the cure for negative thoughts.”
“The soul that acquires the virtue of forgiveness won't find any more trouble. No matter what happens, he will know how to run his life  ”
“A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.”
“I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.”
“You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.”
“Finding the light when surrounded by dark; praying for hope when all seems lost; what is it that ignites the blaze of miracles but the spark of dance.”
“Life was designed to be neither painful nor pain-free. You have to journey through it, irrespective of the pain or pleasures along the way.”
“I wanted to explain myself to myself in an understandable way. I gave shape to my fears and made excuses. I varied my velocities, watched myselves sleep. Something's not right about what I'm doing but I'm still doing it-- living in the worst parts, ruining myself. My inner life is a sheet of black glass. If I fell through the floor I would keep falling. The enormity of my desire disgusts me.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped a few, you grasped something." I once read! [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“There's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself.”
“Lineage does not make a person's character The character of a person makes a lineage dignity. Although Yazid was also from the family of Hazrat Muawiyah but His character destroyed the dignity of his lineage forever.”
“Every movement is a blend of fantasy with reality. Emptiness fills when into your world arrives dance.”
“We deny truth when it becomes an inconvenience.”
“Effective leaders never wait for people to tell them what needs to be done. They know when something needs to be done. They consult with relevant people and do what needs to be done.”
“You stay safe, You love. You survive. You laugh and cry and struggle and sometimes you fail and sometimes you succeed. You Push.”
“Isn't it sad how some people's grip on their lives is so precarious that they'll embrace any preposterous delusion rather than face an occasional bleak truth?”
“Some times in life you need pain .To understand the world rules .”
“I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.”
“Life can change at any time. That is why you need loved ones who can take care of you when things go south.”
“So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry”
“The more I lost in my thoughts, the more I found myself.”
“Leadership without clear goals is like students without a lecturer. It will be hard for them to know what they are expected to do and how it should be done.”
“He had the look of one who had drunk the cup of life and found a dead beetle at the bottom.”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“Why is life so difficult? Why can’t we be just ourselves and have everyone accept us the way we are?”
“Life must go on; I forget just why.”
“While it is great to have equal opportunities in life, it is equally important to use those opportunities to make a difference in other people's lives.”
“Until death it is all life”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.”
“Life swings like a pendulum backward and forward between pain and boredom.”
“Effective leaders continue to influence others, even when their tenure ends because for them leadership is not only about the position, it is about making a good contribution.”
“For some people the only source of joy is seeing you fail.”
“Dear Daughter, The journey to prosperity requires you to set priorities and seize opportunities.”
“Like madness is the glory of this life.”
“Maybe it’s the birth that shapes life for fate to guide us into the grave, or is it fate that governs the birth for life to follow the set course, we would never know.”
“Leaders are like vessels that move a goal to its destination. That is why great leaders always become servants, because leadership is not a luxury but an act of service to others.”
“When I Say Yes To Someone, It Is Not Permanent But When I Say No To Someone, It Is Permanent.”
“You must learn to know the difference between tales and the truth, my Liza, she would say. Fairy tales have a habit of ending too soon. They never show what happens afterwards when the prince and princess ride off the page.”
“Leadership is not for weak-minded people; it is for the strong-willed, who can listen to the will of their followers without being weakened by the challenges at hand.”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“If success is to be drawn from the well of life, the rope of hard work must be strong.”
“Life is but a laughing matter, Better die laughing than live crying.”
“The consequences of every act are included in the act itself.”
“The first step to the knowledge of the wonder and mystery of life is the recognition of the monstrous nature of the earthly human realm as well as its glory, the realization that this is just how it is and that it cannot and will not be changed. Those who think they know how the universe could have been had they created it, without pain, without sorrow, without time, without death, are unfit for illumination.”
“What changes a life is not simply learning more, though education is important. What changes a life is making decisions -- the best decisions you can make -- and acting on them.”
“Faith is a litmus test of your relationship with God. It checks the condition of your heart and mind. Faith reflects how well, you know, love and honour your Maker.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“Some people lie to save themselves, and some lie to save others.”
“Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.”
“Well, I can understand how you feel. You worked hard, studying for the spelling bee, and I suppose you feel you let everyone down, and you made a fool of yourself and everything. But did you notice something, Charlie Brown?" "What's that?" "The world didn't come to an end.”
“Never wish bad for those who gave you good memories.”
“Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“The growth of Sentiment is the increase of suffering; man is never entirely miserable until he finds out how wronged he is and fancies that he sees far ahead a possible freedom.”
“When we are smitten, we await love to be “remontant” and to be blooming over and over again”, like remontant roses, with blossoms scenting through all the seasons of life. Passion and patience are to be good allies, though.”
“At some point in life you lose interest in new devices, new clothes, new trends - and it dawns on you, what's really important in life, is people. That's when you really start living.”
“Certificates are just a piece of paper but experiences are better than certificates ”
“No expectations, no disappointments. [Michael Townsend]”
“Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.”
“Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." (George Santayana) I've got news for Mr. Santayana: we're doomed to repeat the past no matter what. That's what it is to be alive.”
“You can have it all. Just not all at once.”
“Leadership is not just about self-service; it is about service to others.”
“Life is not to be taken seriously, as we are really temporary here. We are like a pre-paid card with limited validity. If we are lucky, we may last another 50 years. And 50 years is just 2,500 weekends. Do we really need to get so worked up? It’s ok, bunk a few classes, goof up a few interviews, fall in love. We are people, not programmed devices.”
“Do not live in pain. Forgive!”
“Sometimes the worst-tasting crap is the best for you.”
“People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.”
“Life is just a lot of everyday adventures.”
“What would come, would come and you would have to meet it, when it did.”
“My life has been one great big joke, A dance that's walked, A song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke, When I think about myself.”
“Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.”
“We need to realize that we are under attack from the evil one, especially when we are doing the hard work of forgiving others or ourselves. We must not be naïve about Satan’s tactics. The devil will pull out all the stops to prevent forgiveness, because the evil one knows this is exactly what Jesus desires for us—and the evil one HATES Jesus.”
“There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.”
“Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.”
“[H]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar.”
“There is only one giver and that is God. Even the laws of gravity justify this concept. Therefore, God always gives us without expecting anything in return.”
“Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. ”
“The goodness of God is like a blinding light, one cannot grasp the fullness of it, instead you close your eyes and bask in all it's glory.”
“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”
“Dear Daughter, If you are the best of the best, you will make a big difference on this planet. Regardless of the circumstances, say yes to excellence.”
“Just don’t kill yourself with consumption, kid.”
“Sometimes your age, too young or too old, can be the barrier to your lack of understanding of some deeper concepts.”
“I was born not to die but to live and never born.”
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”
“they are a little more solid even in the exquisite nakedness of their existence and they glory in their reality and read music and dance poetry on the sidewalks and in the lavatories of bombed out buildings. we take their words and cup them in our hands and we take their lips and crush them to ourselves and dream the dreams and think of sands and faraway places and wish for death and pray they see IT soon.”
“We are shadows and entities, but we never asked to be made black! I’ll accept all your ignorance and misinformation, just don’t ever try to pull us back! Poem - IN MOTION. December 9, 2022.”
“They had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things—if love can ever be called that.”
“The only person who should know your next move is you.”
“People do not die for us immediately, but remain bathed in a sort of aura of life which bears no relation to true immortality but through which they continue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive. It is as though they were traveling abroad.”
“At the beginning of our life, we may feel bare and helpless and gradually adorn ourselves with the most fanciful trappings, trying to be ‘someone else’. After erring and drifting, we eventually realize we want to discover ‘ourselves’, without any airbrushing, so as to meet our real self and not the one imposed on us. ("Lost the global story.")”
“The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.”
“Prayers often must accompany trials. Through our hardships, God shifts our innermost thoughts and molds us into something new. Only then are we able to accept His divine gifts.”
“One curves such as Art,with all the means of hope,as the striving mind it strives,the heart is throbbing high, to yield, from his Artistry!”
“Situations make you ugly or beautiful..”
“When there is a problem, a smart leader does not ignore it and hopes it goes away. He tackles it head-on because he knows that until it is solved, it will continue to exist.”
“To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings; we need to transcend, transport, escape; we need meaning, understanding, and explanation; we need to see over-all patterns in our lives. We need hope, the sense of a future. And we need freedom (or, at least, the illusion of freedom) to get beyond ourselves, whether with telescopes and microscopes and our ever-burgeoning technology, or in states of mind that allow us to travel to other worlds, to rise above our immediate surroundings. We may seek, too, a relaxing of inhibitions that makes it easier to bond with each other, or transports that make our consciousness of time and mortality easier to bear. We seek a holiday from our inner and outer restrictions, a more intense sense of the here and now, the beauty and value of the world we live in.”
“It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves”
“As wonderful as it is to have clarity, I want to reach back to my younger self, through the years and past all the pain I put myself through. I want to go back and somehow shorten the winding road she’s starting down. I would go to the night she sat pointing at her Bible and tell her how much intrinsic value she had, just waiting to be unleashed.”
“It is the deepest cruelty to stop life from breaking forth, that is what you do when you abort a child growing in its mother's womb.”
“If something doesn't work exactly right, or maybe needs some special treatment, you don't just throw it away. Everything can't be fully operational all the time. Sometimes, we need to have the patience to give something the little nudge it needs.”
“Every last minute of my life has been preordained and I'm sick and tired of it. How this feels is I'm just another task in God's daily planner: the Italian Renaissance penciled in for right after the Dark Ages.   The Information Age is scheduled immediately after the Industrial Revolution. Then the Postmodern Era, then the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Famine. Check. Pestilence. Check. War. Check. Death. Check. And between the big events, the earthquakes and the tidal waves, God's got me squeezed in for a cameo appearance. Then maybe in thirty years, or maybe next year, God's daily planner has me finished.”
“In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.”
“I was diamond on the outside, and I would not break. Inside, though, I was already broken.”
“It's better this way, sister. There's more to life than staying safe ”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.”
“I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.”
“Every person has the right to live. No one should infringe on that right by cutting life short. Only God should make that call as the only Giver of life.”
“If you’re all alone and miserable then you are definitely in a bad company.”
“Change is hard, but it's not impossible. Don't be afraid to take the leap, because you have what it takes to soar.”
“Faith is a symbol of recognition of God’s protection over your life.”
“Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.”
“Very occasionally, if you pay really close attention, life doesn't suck.”
“Pray for the spirit of forgiveness because forgiveness enables you to realize that you are bigger and better than the offence.”
“Only after disaster can we be resurrected.”
“ and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and think, 'That was fine'. And your life is a long line of fine.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“We don't get what we want in life - we get what we need in order to grow.”
“I have never seen anyone who has ever benefited from mere wishing in life.”
“We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.”
“I don't get it,' Caroline said, bemused. 'She's the only one with wings. Why is that?' There were so many questions in life. You couldn't ever have all the answers. But I knew this one. It's so she can fly,' I said. Then I started to run.”
“As we grow up, we should know who belongs in our lives and who doesn't. Knowing that, we should learn to embrace those who challenge us, inspire us and are excited of us. We should learn to closely embrace those who are ready to give us a shoulder to lean on and walk with us during the best/worst journeys of our lives. Those are the ones to spend a lot of time with, as from them we learn the power of giving and not just receiving.”
“When wrong things were happening to me constantly; something right was also happening silently. I was slowly becoming who I am today.”
“I am, after all, an adult, a grown man, a useful human being, even though I lost the career that made me all these things. I won't make that mistake again.”
“You need to understand that forgiveness is for yourself and no one else. Choose forgiveness.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“If you don't encounter the life in scriptures through the Holy Spirit you will not be empowered to live the LIFE of scriptures.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not settle for mediocrity. Strive for excellence in everything you do.”
“Albus Severus," Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, "you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.”
“Man can live in any world he wants, all he needs to do is change his mindset ~Rishi Mathur”
“The only artists I have ever known who are personally delightful are bad artists. Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets are absolutely fascinating. The worse their rhymes are, the more picturesque they look. The mere fact of having published a book of second-rate sonnets makes a man quite irresistible. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. The others write the poetry that they dare not realize.”
“I’ve been here for years but I have never seen the light. However, I’ve never been afraid of the darkness. It’s always been a part of my life.”
“You must be able to distinguish the three thoughts: thoughts that you create, thoughts sent by your subconscious, and thoughts that entered your mind.”
“Forgiveness makes you feel good, makes you great and helps you stay gorgeous.”
“Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.”
“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
“Life isn't worth living, unless it is lived for someone else.”
“Learn to forgive even when it does not feel easy. Forgiveness allows you to feel at ease.”
“Stress comes from ignorance and understanding cures it.”
“Their fight is not against me and you only, but against all humanity, they are afraid of something we do not know! They know, Robert, they know where we come from, where we are going, but they do not want us to know that. Perhaps the first humans knew, and over the years, Satan gained control over us and began to distort our goals in this life, until we became what we are, mere slaves to imaginary systems created by their minds. Nationalities, religions, cultures, races, and everything noble in this world, are distorted by our minds to become a cause of division and a source of conflict and clash, internal wars in which people of the same nationality kill each other due to differences in skin color, or the length of the nose! Watch the march of technical and scientific development! When scientists were able to probe the mysteries of space, this turned into a source of conflict between the great powers! And instead of uniting to go further, their minds froze as we arrived, around the Earth, investing all these technologies in spying, encryption, and communications satellites, to protect ourselves from ourselves! We were drained as well as our time and resources in side struggles. Atomic, nuclear, and hydrogen energy, instead of focusing most of our focus on becoming a source of scientific exploration and jumping towards finding answers, their minds have devised to become an arms race to threaten each other and annihilate each other! The bulk of the discovery has been frozen in Bombs and Weapons! Why does a country have thousands of nuclear and hydrogen bombs? What is the purpose of pushing all these capabilities on this huge number of bombs? A hundred hydrogen bombs are enough to destroy the earth and those on it, but it has become a source of attrition. They are like parasites, Robert, whose job it is to seize control of every discovery, invention, and idea, which will advance us forward, lay their hands on them, freeze and drain them in strife, divisions, and competition with their supposed opponents. Humans do not fight for food or life, they fight for distraction, attrition, and all the other reasons you may hear, beliefs, ideologies, and racism, they are all just excuses our minds have been able to find to mislead us, they are nothing but a cover to hide the reality of our permanent occupation in infighting. We are of three types: A few are enlightened, they control their minds, but they are marginalized, warriors, they have no means. Most are absent, savages, busy with their daily sustenance, tools used by Satan to suppress the few who are enlightened. And the few that Satan has control over them, those who control everything around us, they enslave us. A vast secret purge that takes place in secret, whoever understands, realizes, decides to get out of the box, his fate is in the army of Satan, or death, they will take him to their secret societies, to become one of their soldiers, or get rid of him. They are not ghosts, Robert, they are among us, they have headquarters in various parts of the world, and internal laws, and ranks and ranks of their associates, and internal order. I am not talking about a secret group whose name you have previously heard, blown up by the media, like Freemasonry. No, it is not like this. These groups are nothing but distractions for our work on them, so we keep looking in the wrong place. He was afraid of her words, and he was afraid of what was happening around him recently, and he feared for her, she seemed to believe in every letter of it as if she was repeating a speech she was told, which she memorized by heart. What scared me the most, was that everything she said sounded like Mousa said, quite logical…”
“Imagine your worst day, multiply it by a hundred, and pray to your God that you never experience what some of the people in this war zone go through, everyday, without any hope of it getting better. Ever. Compared to these people, every day, no matter how bad, is the best day ever. I know nothing about pain, nothing about suffering and hopefully never will.”
“Behold the folly of arrogance, selfishness, and pride— for in the end, to dust we shall all reside.”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“Dear Daughter, You have sole ownership of the life that God has given you. Live it, love it and adore it.”
“We cannot go far in life if we only take the path that everyone is taking.”
“It takes sobriety to make critical decisions in leadership.”
“In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the VERY long term, I know which will make better memories.”
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
“We get attached to certain people and forms and things and situations. But the truth is, things will always change and by understanding that on a deep level we won't be surprised when it happens to us. We can more easily face loss and surf the now.”
“Doubt is the mother of fear. The remedy is to be an upright individual whenever the time comes to act.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“Because isn’t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn’t that the simple magic phrase?”
“They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor.”
“Love them or leave them, because killing them will hurts us all.. Save wildlife..!”
“It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.”
“Lifetime isn't measured in time, Lifetime is measured in kind.”
“Because it begins to seem to me at such times that I am incapable of beginning a life in real life, because it has seemed to me that I have lost all touch, all instinct for the actual, the real; because at last I have cursed myself; because after my fantastic nights I have moments of returning sobriety, which are awful! Meanwhile, you hear the whirl and roar of the crowd in the vortex of life around you; you hear, you see, men living in reality; you see that life for them is not forbidden, that their life does not float away like a dream, like a vision; that their life is being eternally renewed, eternally youthful, and not one hour of it is the same as another; while fancy is so spiritless, monotonous to vulgarity and easily scared, the slave of shadows, of the idea, the slave of the first cloud that shrouds the sun  One feels that this inexhaustible fancy is weary at last and worn out with continual exercise, because one is growing into manhood, outgrowing one's old ideals: they are being shattered into fragments, into dust; if there is no other life one must build one up from the fragments. And meanwhile the soul longs and craves for something else! And in vain the dreamer rakes over his old dreams, as though seeking a spark among the embers, to fan them into flame, to warm his chilled heart by the rekindled fire, and to rouse up in it again all that was so sweet, that touched his heart, that set his blood boiling, drew tears from his eyes, and so luxuriously deceived him!”
“I'm just a medium of delivering the message. Because I am often inspired by the same inspiration that commands me to write these books.”
“There is no room to feel pain after you have become wise. No more surprises compared to the ignorant. Self-mastery is the first chapter of achieving wisdom.”
“The vagaries of love with all its unpredictable and capricious meanders may be a hurdle in keeping life on an even keel. Rational thinking and irrational feeling don’t always get along very well. ( "Love as dizzy as a cathedral”)”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“Lights can't please you if your heart is filled with darkness.”
“No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.”
“Those who have drunk from the ocean of wisdom will rarely find true love in life.”
“When I pretended to be precocious, people started the rumor that I was precocious. When I acted like an idler, rumor had it I was an idler. When I pretended I couldn't write a novel, people said I couldn't write. When I acted like a liar, they called me a liar. When I acted like a rich man, they started the rumor I was rich. When I feigned indifference, they classed me as the indifferent type. But when I inadvertently groaned because I was really in pain, they started the rumor that I was faking suffering. The world is out of joint.”
“You mustn’t be cruel, if you want others to be kind to you.”
“An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.”
“We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible. To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk.”
“Life is worth living as long as there's a laugh in it.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“Aborting Babies, Aborts Destinies.”
“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”
“When humans were young, they were pushed around in strollers. When they were old, they were pushed around in wheelchairs. In between, they were just pushed around.”
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“Because you can only die once but you can suffer forever.”
“Even the quiet has a voice”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“No matter how long you train someone to be brave, you never know if they are or not until something real happens.”
“It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad.”
“Thus I progressed on the surface of life, in the realm of words as it were, never in reality. All those books barely read, those friends barely loved, those cities barely visited, those women barely possessed! I went through the gestures out of boredom or absent-mindedness. Then came human beings; they wanted to cling, but there was nothing to cling to, and that was unfortunate--for them. As for me, I forgot. I never remembered anything but myself.”
“Be in love with your life, every detail of it.”
“We’d met at a carefree time, a moment full of promise, in its place now were the harsh lessons of the real world.”
“Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.”
“I cry even harder, thinking of how it could have been, of how I thought it would be. For the first time, I want to give up, to die, because suddenly everything is too much and there is no solution in sight.”
“Choose battles that you can win without losing your heart and your soul.”
“Love is too much for our generation.”
“Don't be deceived .People know very well what they are doing. They only act as victims when their intensions and plan had failed.”
“Leaders should be knowledgeable because informed leaders are torchbearers who walk in front and lead the way, even in times of darkness.”
“They think I am concealing my ugliness from them, when in truth it is their ugliness I am hiding.”
“Forgiveness is looking the offender in the eyes and declaring yourself the ultimate overcomer.”
“When you overcome all the obstacles that life puts in your way and start walking on a smooth path, a feeling of emptiness occurs rather than a feeling of relaxation and peace!”
“I don't know how I look, but I know how I feel: Young. Goofy. Infinite.”
“How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.”
“My dear friend, you always complain that life has brought closed doors to you! Now sit down, calmly think about your whole life, life has brought open doors to you; but you didn't see them because you either looked elsewhere or stood in front of closed doors, despising open doors! But remember this, open doors will come before you again, keep your eyes peeled!”
“People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.”
“Yet, even amidst the hatred and carnage, life is still worth living. It is possible for wonderful encounters and beautiful things to exist.”
“Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.”
“Emotional availability is a must have ingredient for anything significant to grow and become. It requires a great deal of presence.”
“One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.”
“Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”
“Where you are at this moment is the result of your thoughts throughout your life.”
“Small pleasures and little vices combine to make life happy.”
“The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.”
“Sometimes you imagine that everything could have been different for you, that if only you had gone right one day when you chose to go left, you would be living a life you could never have anticipated. But at other times you think there was no other way forward--that you were always bound to end up exactly where you have.”
“To change the way you live. You should change the way you think.”
“Busy hands achieve more than idle tongues.”
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”
“You win when you no longer need to hold onto the things that keep you from soaring." - Jill Reid | Real Life”
“Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”
“Misfits Change the World Every. Single. Day.”
“Love in the rain is better than hate in the sunshine.”
“When you are good person and you choose to do bad things, because you see other people doing them. It always ends badly for you. You will suffer the most, feel the pain , get injured & hurt the most. Choose to do what is right for you not what other people are doing.”
“Emotion without reason lets people walk all over you; reason without emotion is a mask for cruelty.”
“Forgiveness is what every child of God needs to learn because, by being a child of God, you have been forgiven so you can forgive others.”
“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”
“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
“Try to be "good", you'll be judged. Try to be yourself, you'll be criticized. Therefore, choose the second option. Evil uses the "nice good people" as puppets. It appears dressed as a poor guy, telling them that he needs help When these people realize they have been used, it is already too late.”
“I know I wrote letters to people with no address on this earth, I know that you are dead. But I hear you. I hear all of you. We were here. Our lives matter.”
“As water transitions from air to ice, and water again; so do we. Like water, Being is a transition of mind, body, and spirit  Like air, which exists despite water or ice, Spirit exists despite body or mind. Love is our living waters. God is Love.”
“If they don't consider your needs, they aren’t your real friends.”
“Efficient leaders put more effort into ensuring they succeed in meeting the needs of the people.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“Whatever word or action you send to the Universe, you’ll receive it back. Choose wisely.”
“Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.”
“If you need immortality, then don't be afraid of fire”
“Be happy, but never satisfied.”
“Some times things just fall off your plate.”
“Wise leaders heed lessons from great people and share those lessons with others.”
“Dear Daughter, Find your calling in life and you will receive your reward.”
“The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.”
“Problems are like tangled hair. The longer you ignore, the messier they become.”
“It is better to take fully of life,' he told her and swallowed with a sigh of contentment. 'Savor it, feel the spice, acknowledge the heat and the tears,”
“life is a long while take your time and stop to smell the roses”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“I walked over to the hill where we used to go and sled. There were a lot of little kids there. I watched them flying. Doing jumps and having races. And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.”
“There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.”
“the scary part is that people don't realize how much they've changed .”
“I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.”
“There are no classes in life for beginners: right away you are always asked to deal with what is most difficult.”
“Why are you expecting different answers by knocking at the same door?”
“The quality of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“FAILURE ALWAYS STANDS IN OUR WAY, BUT WE HAVE TO MOVE FORWARD WITHOUT ANY FEAR; THAT'S THE WAY SUCCESS COMES”
“When a problem exists, great leaders do not just speak about it. They seek proper solutions to tackle that problem.”
“A long time ago, I stopped sitting at tables where I might be the topic when I get up.”
“When leaders are determined to do their best, the lives of their followers become better.”
“There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.”
“It’s never an insult to be called what somebody thinks is a bad name. It just shows you how poor that person is, it doesn’t hurt you.”
“You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are.”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Don’t expect people to be kind to you after being cruel to them.”
“Death ends a life, not a relationship.”
“When you become pure awareness and you just observe what “is” with your attention turned inward, and you really tap into that essence of pure consciousness.”
“We cannot, after all, judge a biography by its length, by the number of pages in it; we must judge by the richness of the contents Sometimes the 'unfinisheds' are among the most beautiful symphonies.”
“Forgiveness is like walking out of prison. As you forgive, you free yourself from being a mental prisoner.”
“Assuming something is the illusion of knowing the truth.”
“Life can be a misunderstanding, if we are ignorant of the right language or don’t try to learn it. « If lions could speak, we would not understand them. » says Ludwig Wittgenstein. If we make an effort, however, we could manage to understand. ( “ Life was a misunderstanding » )”
“Hearts may forgive but they never forget.”
“Don’t be intimidated by other people’s opinions. Only mediocrity is sure of itself, so take risks and do what you really want to do.”
“When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.”
“To get more out of your time at work, you should set goals. This helps you to stay focused better and gives you something more to work towards.”
“A star maybe far but I still see the light, That’s Hope and I have it.”
“Now this might disturb you, but I find I'm OK by myself; and I don't need you or your benevolence to make sense.”
“Give yourself small goals to achieve on a daily basis. Make small changes in your life that would make you more productive, and make you physically and mentally fit.”
“It is not right to imprison your own heart. That is why you need to forgive all the time.”
“Never curse a fall. The ground is where humility lives.”
“What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?”
“Sometimes pain is our greatest teacher. It's through those experiences that we learn our most important lessons.”
“Your life is meaningless until the realization of your true Self as the Divine.”
“And though you think the world is at your feet, it can rise up and tread on you.”
“The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.”
“And what you think about you equally matters as well. Just because you were introverted or depressed or neurotic in the past does not mean that you have to stick that label onto your forehead forever. Behaviour modification is entirely possible. New exposures and the right people can do wonders in your life.”
“This is a true saying that life is short, but the chaos in life is long. Therefore, if you shorten the chaos, life will seem longer and happier.”
“What I like about the trees is their serenity. They're not a generation in a hurry.”
“There are questions that you don't ask because you're afraid of the answers to them.”
“This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.”
“It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you" whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it cause a smile today for someone else and give plenty of hugs.”
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
“Travellers travel because of curiosity. Explorers explore because of curiosity. Anything good that we have is due to curiosity. But, so as the bad.”
“I hate when people say 'I see'. It doesn't mean anything and I think it's hostile. Whenever anyone tells me 'I see' I think they're really saying 'Fuck you'.”
“I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. If we don’t vibrate on the same frequency there’s just no reason for us to waste our time. I’d rather have no one and wait for substance than to not feel someone and fake the funk.”
“Don't you oh well me,sir," Miss Maudie replied, recognizing Jem's fatalistic noises, "you are not old enough to appreciate what I said.”
“Great leaders do not find pleasure in instigating wars. They strive for peace for the sake of their followers.”
“Powerful leaders do not use their power to pull others down. They use it to lift them up.”
“Leaving my father behind—with all of his baggage—was like giving up an old teddy bear. You know it’s just an object, incapable of comforting you with its tattered fur and missing button eye, but it’s something you cling to, even though you know it can’t give anything back.”
“One always has a better book in one's mind than one can manage to get onto paper.”
“[Poem: Slates of Grey] Sullen faces like slates of grey— What I’d seen on a walk today. Bodies rushing bodies bolting Time for life a disregarding. Money to make and to grow old What about the hands to hold? Deadlines, projects, people to meet What about our own two feet. Sullen faces like slates of grey  What I’d see most anyday.”
“Follow your heart. You may go astray but your life will find its direction somehow.”
“It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can stop him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.”
“Everything is funnier in retrospect, funnier and prettier and cooler. You can laugh at anything from far enough away.”
“Before he knew he was immortal. Before life was no longer fragile. Those were the days when life truly meant something. When life was hard but worthwile, and love was valuable because your days were numbered. That was living.”
“To say ‘I love you’ one must first know how to say the ‘I.’ The meaning of the ‘I’ is an independent, self-sufficient entity that does not exist for the sake of any other person. A person who exists only for the sake of his loved one is not an independent entity, but a spiritual parasite. The love of a parasite is worth nothing.”
“please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”
“Choose not to be intimidated by people on social media, because those who can fake it better are considered the real ones. Choose to do your own thing no matter what, because that is not only a real thing, but it is your reality.”
“HOBBES: Virtue needs some cheaper thrills.”
“I’m a dinosaur, he thought, lumbering through a world where truthtellers are despised.”
“You plan every step of your life, but sometimes you have to let life happen. Change is always unsettling, sometimes scary, but you have to let go. Take a risk. Risk can be fun.”
“When you talk without thinking, you talk shit”
“Fear puts success at risk. Risk is an Island of achievement.”
“Love isn't a habit. Love is a feeling.”
“Those who get offended by my words have problem with my silence too.”
“Forgetting the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“Dear Daughter, The more you look for ways to shine your light, the brighter you will shine.”
“Do not underestimate anything, no matter how small. Everything exists for a reason, and nothing is too small.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.”
“Here's what life is—here's what life boils down to, Joe. Life boils down to brutality. It's fucked. Life is brutal and fucked up. You may not see it now, but I'm older than you and I can tell you.”
“The best writers tend to look the roughest in photos. At least that's the excuse I use for why I look so bad in mine.”
“the ones who make you laugh last a lifetime”
“Life would be unbearably dull if we had answers to all our questions.”
“Your silence harms our relation more than my rude words.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“Despite the business and auto-rickshaws and bantering Bengalis just beyond his brown front door, Sanjit cultivates a distinct learning environment and energy, one created and galvanized above the tile floors, within the thin walls, below the imperative ceiling fans, and embraced by books.”
“If forgiveness is forbidden in your heart, forget about living a peaceful life.”
“It's not called being gay, it's called being fabulous!”
“Your life may suck, but it's not a reason to hate everyone.”
“But if everything was always smooth and perfect, you'd get too used to that, you know? You have to have a little bit of disorganization now and then. Otherwise, you'll never really enjoy it when things go right.”
“If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.”
“There's gon' be some stuff you gon' see that's gon' make it hard to smile in the future. But through whatever you see, through all the rain and the pain, you gotta keep your sense of humor. You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit. Remember that.”
“Nothing - not prestige, power or pride - is worth sacrificing the things that you truly want, the things that you truly love. "Don't be afraid to take time and smell the roses. Don't hesitate in seeking out those things you hold dear. Seeking them out and holding on to them. And don't ever cease standing up for what you believe in, and fighting for those things that you want. Life is too short. Do what makes you happy, regardless of how others might feel.”
“Sometimes yuh gotta love even when it don't make sense.”
“A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.”
“I used to spend so much time reacting and responding to everyone else that my life had no direction. Other people's lives, problems, and wants set the course for my life. Once I realized it was okay for me to think about and identify what I wanted, remarkable things began to take place in my life.”
“When the door starts to creak it may be time to take it off the hinges. If things get rusted, life has to be called into question and matters re-evaluated. ( “In the doorway” )”
“Without music, life would be a blank to me.”
“You are as important to someone as they show you.”
“After Bajju delivered a few beaming salutations, we walked northward up the makeshift, winding path through protruding brush, not much but a few stones placed here and there for balance and leverage upon ascending or descending. Having advanced about hundred steps from the street below, a sharp left leads to Bajju’s property, which begins with his family’s miniature garden – at the time any signs of fertility were mangled by dried roots which flailed like wheat straw, but within the day Bajju’s children vehemently delivered blows with miniature hoes in preparation for transforming such a plot into a no-longer-neglected vegetable garden. A few steps through the produce, or preferably circumventing all of it by taking a few extra steps around the perimeter, leads to the sky-blue painted home. Twisting left, hundreds of miles of rolling hills and the occasional home peeps out, bound below by demarcated farming steppes. If you’re lucky on a clear day and twist to the right, the monstrous, perpetually snow-capped Chaukhamba mountain monopolizes the distance just fifteen miles toward the direction of Tibet in the north.”
“Whatever is going to happen will happen, whether we worry or not.”
“Upon achieving a lifelong dream, I thought, this is the way to live your life -- in the moment, and to the fullest.”
“The world does not need too many leaders. It just needs a few who can stir many people in the right direction.”
“It’s strange how things can change back as suddenly as they changed originally. When one thing happens and suddenly, things are back to normal.”
“Those who get offended with my words, have problem with my silence too”
“Allowing fate to dictate how life progresses is a major mistake, as there will never be a really sure direction or outcome, with literally no ideas at all of how things will work out.”
“To find something new, you have to leave something old.”
“Why settle for a lesser vision? When you are destiny for greatness!”
“Faith is a preference not to wallow in pain but to find strength in a God so great.”
“Why is that something parents always want for their kids? For them to “figure” out their life? Why can’t we just go through trial and error as the years pass, never really figuring out anything, but just going with the ebbs and flows of life?”
“People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.”
“Even if you get rejected in every areas of your life, don't feel dejected. Always have a positive mindset towards life and every other things will fall in place at the right time.”
“Manga endings might always be the same. However when it comes to real life, neither you nor I are readers. We are the writers. We can change the ending.”
“When the knowledge was available free of cost, then the value of that knowledge was not seen, the wheel of life moved ahead and time left behind, then the value of that knowledge was understood.”
“Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.”
“Rise and rise again until lambs become lions”
“Life is an adventure whose experience is incredible when you focus on the bigger picture.”
“Dear Leader, You have been entrusted with great responsibility. Serve with dignity and never fear accountability. Remember that one day you will be gone, but when you do your best, you will be remembered for your great impact.”
“When you start to treat yourself better, you’ll be happier, and your life will automatically get better.”
“Change can’t be expected to happen without keeping the republic free and uncorrupted.”
“This moment feels so dreadfully sore, Like a prickly thorn that I can't ignore. It's excruciating, oh how it stings, Like a bee's sharp sting that really zings. Pain, oh pain, it's part of the game, In life's grand adventure, it's never the same. From bumps and bruises to a broken heart, Pain finds a way to play its part. It sneaks up on us, oh yes it does, With a sting and a throb, just because. But Let me pamper myself with care so fine, In this very moment, oh how divine! With utmost tenderness, I shall embrace, A moment of self-love, at my own pace! I require some mercy, oh yes indeed, To grant myself kindness, in word and in deed. In this world so vast, with troubles untold, I seek solace and grace, to have and to hold.”
“Mountains fall and seas divide and impossible things may seem but where there’s despair there is and faith and where there’s sadness the consolation is near. Every breath is a chance to reborn, but to be reborn you have to die before dying”
“Things are always given to us when we need them  You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make it yours. (Acheron)”
“When we pray for forgiveness, we must not forget to forgive others in the process.”
“By suicide, yeu can only hurt the people who loves yeu.”
“[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.”
“it’s you i shaped my standards to. you gave me too much personality. i’m sorry you trusted me with that, i’ve stolen it and not done well. does anyone put pins in their hair? is that anyone else’s fantasy. in my memory, everyone does. don’t be disappointed in me, i think if i was less abrasive you’d probably understand why there’s no lifeboat you were never the type for lifeboats, only in emergencies, is that true though? maybe that’s just my imagination. there are probably no pins in hair. ~”
“If fate doesn't make you laugh, you just don't get the joke.”
“Let me tell you: the only way to get rid of dragons is to have one of your own.”
“Do you know how there are moments when the world moves so slowly you can feel your bones shifting, your mind tumbling? When you think that no matter what happens to you for the rest of your life, you will remember every last detail of that one minute forever?”
“We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss.”
“When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.”
“If you think something is missing in your life, it is probably YOU ”
“If you strip a man of all his material possessions; what he has leftover shows you his true riches.”
“To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.”
“Dance is the place that you visit to remove any anxiety while moving to your favorite melody.”
“Sometimes your reaction reveals unrevealed things.”
“I bargained with Life for a penny, and Life would pay no more, However I begged at evening When I counted my scanty store; Life is a just employer. He gives you what you ask, But once you have set the wages, Why, you must bear the task. I worked for a menial's hire, Only to learn, dismayed, That any wage I had asked of Life, Life would have willingly paid”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“Life is a long journey, an adventure, But every night witnesses the sun’s ray; The murkiness is a guest of instants- Adverse moments don’t stay!”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“For the first time in a long time, I want more than I have.”
“Life is Lovely, Live it Large”
“My wealth is not in the number of books I have written, but in the number of hearts I have touched and the lives that have been transformed by hearing the peaceful messages.”
“Three films a day, three books a week and records of great music would be enough to make me happy to the day I die.”
“This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.”
“What I've learnt - to my cost - on several occasions in my life, is that people will put up with all manner of bad behaviour so long as you're giving them what they want. They'll laugh and get into it and enjoy the anecdotes and the craziness and the mayhem as long as you're going your job well, but the minute you're not, you're fucked. They'll wipe their hands of you without a second glance.”
“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”
“I don’t worry about finding myself. I worry about not getting lost.”
“Life is made up of many beautiful experiences, which you will experience often if you do not dwell on the conveniences.”
“Life can be generous, but leaves us with a trilemma: How can we reconcile three diverse features: ‘I’, 'me' and the 'others'. Since the “I” entails what I want; the “me” what others expect of me and the “others” what others themselves want. The bridges between "individuality", “surroundings” and "otherness" can be abysmal and very often waiting to be restored. (“I am on my own side, but I can listen “ )”
“Life is an experimental journey undertaken involuntarily. It is a journey of the spirit through the material world and, since it is the spirit that travels, it is the spirit that is experienced. That is why there exist contemplative souls who have lived more intensely, more widely, more tumultuously than others who have lived their lives purely externally.”
“Do not let the world tell you not to bloom Just because they aren't ready for you Just because few days after they bloomed They died on a barren land, in the rain You may face the same fate But deep down you would know It's better to die blooming Than choosing to never grow ”
“He who has conquered his mind and resides in the Self, is the most intelligent among men.”
“If you're looking for something extraordinary to change your life, you should be on the move, just like a river! If you stay where you are like a lake, nothing will change in your life, you will remain like a lake!”
“ Soma dies; pneuma departs; only sarx remains,” it said in a voice that was a paradox: both sonorous and entirely without tone. “So it has always been; so shall it always be; life sucks, then you die.”
“Dear Daughter, Some great blessings will come in the form of doors that refuse to open when you need them the most.”
“The sad thing is people I am fighting for to have a good life. They are fighting me to have a bad life. They are the ones who are responsible for my bad life.”
“The stubborn outwit the humility of patients while the gentle outbrings the perfections of wisdom”
“Dear Leader, Great leadership involves accepting the blame for the mistakes of your predecessors, even if you are not the one who made them. Accepting the mistakes made by those who came before you will help you not to repeat the same mistakes.”
“You either go with the flow, or you become the flow.”
“You can only move on when you forgive and let go.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“He knew one of the women well, and had shared his universe with her. They had seen the same mountains, and the same trees, although each of them had seem them differently. She knew his weaknesses, his moments of hatred, of despair. Yet she was there at his side. They shared the same universe.”
“We are all ordinary. We are all boring. We are all spectacular. We are all shy. We are all bold. We are all heroes. We are all helpless. It just depends on the day.”
“It’s a strange myth that atheists have nothing to live for. It’s the opposite. We have nothing to die for. We have everything to live for.”
“Those who can't have you, start hating you.”
“The hearts of others are as real as yours, be gentle.”
“Your fear is 100% dependent on you for its survival.”
“Some people are like that - always searching fro something better, never satisfied.,Makes you wonder if they ever get a good night's sleep. They must toss and turn, dreaming about a softer mattress or a plumper pillow.”
“Don't give up so fast, the best always comes last.”
“You don't know me. You know one me, just like I know one you. And you can't know every me, and I can't know every you.”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Humility is a good trait of great leaders, because a great leader never forgets that he is in that position because of the followers.”
“If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.”
“I never look back to see how far I have come. I look back to see how much I have grown and how many lives I have touched.”
“Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.”
“My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada.”
“Progressive leaders seek long-lasting solutions to problems instead of quick, short-term solutions that lead to recurring problems.”
“We only need to be one person. We only need to feel one existence. We don't have to do everything in order to be everything, because we are already infinite. While we are alive we always contain a future of multifarious possibility.”
“Being an author does not mean limiting yourself to reading the works of others. We must continue to learn daily.”
“Living without thinking is like shooting without aiming; it can lead to missing opportunities and wasting precious moments.”
“Life does not accommodate you; it shatters you. Every seed destroys its container, or else there would be no fruition.”
“Love is hard to find, hard to keep, and hard to forget.”
“If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.”
“Dear Daughter, Never waste time thinking about things you cannot change no matter what. Focus on creating wealth and pursuing a fruitful life.”
“But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.”
“If you don't eat pussy, keep walking.”
“An empress does not concern herself with the antics of fools”
“The day we decide to drop the flimsy makeshift scenarios in our cluttered mind and eschew the ‘alleluias’ of self-importance, life can become genuine, lucid and graceful, like a flow of wellness in the glow of a new morning. ("Words flew away like birds")”
“If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.”
“Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.”
“All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.”
“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”
“Sometimes, people walk around with many problems, some of which can be easily resolved if they choose to forgive.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage and completing it in the right lane.”
“The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?”
“I wouldn't have missed a single minute of it, Not for the whole world.”
“God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the rest.”
“Dear Daughter, Anything you want to be, you can be. You only need to know what you need and pursue it until you win.”
“In the Book of Life, The answers aren't in the back.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about rising above the ones you lead; it is about walking side by side with them so they can go far with you.”
“What is Life? But a fleeting moment of a passing dream, a dream that flows too swiftly, nimble and calm, yet all but a moment's walk, a mad jest of a thousand voices finding a harmony in a conundrum of Time. Finding calm in chaos, for a mind that never rests. Smoky nights in the lull of rainy reflection.”
“Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming”
“I don't forgive him," I said. "Hell, no, you don't. And why should you? So he can feel better? Get on with his life? And what's he done to help you get on with yours?”
“Most people are who they are because of fear. They had changed their character, personality, behavior and their being because they fear something or someone.”
“Meditation replace medication ?!”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Life is the only trip where the journey is more important than the destination.”
“Dear Leader, Sometimes you will be blamed as a leader. Do not become lame when you encounter any blame. Learn from them and keep leading effectively. One day, you will emerge as a better leader after bracing for the toughest storms.”
“Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.”
“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
“Betraying someone once can be a mistake. Betraying someone twice is a choice.”
“I know it seems hard sometimes but remember one thing. Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that. So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep ya head up . and handle it.”
“Those who love you, will love you despite your occasional cockups. Those who hate you, will hate you despite your evident triumphs.”
“We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.”
“Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.”
“You will be always remembered for your kindness and not for your arrogance.”
“Fashion is always an instant language  easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“It is easier to pluck a flower than to nurture it; which is why some would prefer to destroy your talents than nurture them.”
“Forgiveness is that special gift you give yourself even after the worst has happened.”
“Nobody always with you, but your shadow is always with you!”
“Look after your heart by learning to banish any form of unforgiveness from your life.”
“Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.”
“It shocks me how I wish for what is lost and cannot come back.”
“You have the choice to be the master or slave of your mind. What will you choose? Only YOU are to decide”
“You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.”
“Life is a compromise of what your ego wants to do, what experience tells you to do, and what your nerves let you do.”
“Death is but the fear of life.”
“Like a glove, life fits if you can just get yourself to fit with it. But, like a mule, it can kick if you get yourself out of step with it.”
“You ought to stop listening to stereotypes and start forming your own opinions.”
“Some miracles can only happen when you choose to forgive.”
“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
“We are the gardeners of our destiny. How hard we work on the ground, it will not pay off until the season comes”
“She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?”
“Lately I can't help wanting us to be like other people. For example, if I were a smoker, you'd lift a match to the cigarette just as I put it between my lips. It's never been like that between us: none of that easy chemistry, no quick, half automatic flares. Everything between us had to be learned. Saturday finds me brooding behind my book, all my fantasies of seduction run up against the rocks. Tell me again why you don't like sex in the afternoon? No, don't tell me-- I'll never understand you never understand us, America's strangest loving couple: they never drink a bottle of wine together and rarely look at each other. Into each other's eyes, I mean.”
“Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.”
“If you allow them to hurt you. Then they will continue hurting you.”
“You should know the triggers of your happiness and sadness.”
“That's life for you," said MacDunn. "Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home. Always someone loving some thing more than that thing loves them. And after a while you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.”
“Don't wait for externals to hit your metabolism for your dreams. Let your action flow the ecstasy inside you and never run out of it till life.”
“No matter how much you pray, you will always feel empty if you cannot forgive those who trespass against you.”
“Yeu only live once. No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can get.”
“I don't desire a happy life, I desire for a happy death”
“The lemons life gave me are stored in a basket. Judgmental people provoke me to bake them into a whipped pie of sugary spite. I gladly serve it up to them in an effort to silence their meringue pie hole from complaining.”
“You don't read Gatsby, I said, to learn whether adultery is good or bad but to learn about how complicated issues such as adultery and fidelity and marriage are. A great novel heightens your senses and sensitivity to the complexities of life and of individuals, and prevents you from the self-righteousness that sees morality in fixed formulas about good and evil.”
“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”
“According to the calendar, seasons change every 3 months; But in life, a single season can be years long… Embrace each season.”
“What about the rest of your life?" She shrugged. "What about it?" "Aren't you worried about, like, forever?" "Forever is composed of nows," she says.”
“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”
“Life isn’t fair." I said. "It’s taken me a while to get that. It’s always going to disappoint you in some way or another. You’ll make plans, and it’ll push you in another direction. You will love people, and they’ll be taken away no matter how hard you fight to keep them. You’ll try for something and won’t get it. You don’t have to find meaning in it; you don’t have to try to change things. You just have to accept the things that are out of your hands and try to take care of yourself. That’s your job.”
“Get this in mind early: We never grow up.”
“Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming. And don’t be afraid of wearing your heart on your sleeve - in declaring the films that you love, the films that you want to make, the life that you’ve had, and the lives you can help reflect in cinema. For myself, for a long time… maybe I felt inauthentic or something, I felt like my voice wasn’t worth hearing, and I think everyone’s voice is worth hearing. So if you’ve got something to say, say it from the rooftops.”
“Action expresses priorities.”
“All life has a birthright.”
“You have woken up this morning- and this means you are still meant to be here. You have much living left to do.”
“What made me run away was doubtless not so much the fear of settling down, but of settling down permanently in something ugly.”
“If your words are negative, the results will follow suit. Listen to your thoughts!”
“Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems. Some people pray to be able to confront and overcome them.”
“Betrayal contributes so much to personal growth.”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life…”
“The world's poverty reveals the poverty of the hearts of rich and powerful.”
“Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.”
“For someone like myself in whom the ability to trust others is so cracked and broken that I am wretchedly timid and am forever trying to read the expression on people's faces.”
“Time has a weird quality of slowing down when you're struggling in life.”
“I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?”
“Marry, and you will regret it; don’t marry, you will also regret it; marry or don’t marry, you will regret it either way. Laugh at the world’s foolishness, you will regret it; weep over it, you will regret that too; laugh at the world’s foolishness or weep over it, you will regret both. Believe a woman, you will regret it; believe her not, you will also regret it… Hang yourself, you will regret it; do not hang yourself, and you will regret that too; hang yourself or don’t hang yourself, you’ll regret it either way; whether you hang yourself or do not hang yourself, you will regret both. This, gentlemen, is the essence of all philosophy.”
“The journey of life is akin to being at a traffic light, where you have to deal with three signals. There will be times when you encounter the red light—just stop for a while; sometimes you will encounter the yellow light—wait for some time; and of course, when it is your turn for the green light—move to the other side. If you want your travel to be safer, never get these the other way around.”
“All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions”
“I’m sort of… coming off a bad relationship” “When did it end?” “Slightly before it started.”
“In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”
“When people stop talking to you, they start talking about you.”
“Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.”
“Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.”
“I've noticed as I get older, time seems to fly by in hyper-speed. You blink, and a week has passed. Blink again, and a year has gone by.”
“The leaf dances so beautifully in the air that we think it will never fall to the ground; that's just how life is, the leaf falls to the ground despite all that magic dance and illusion it creates!”
“If you really care about something keep it private”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Look around. You will never find another person with your exact kind of life. Your path is unique. So, make sure that your thoughts, convictions and values enable you to add value.”
“If you always think of ways to succeed, you will find ways to succeed. In life, everything begins with how you think.”
“We all live inside the terrible engine of authority, and it grinds and shrieks and burns so that no one will say: lines on maps are silly.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living on borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living on borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”
“Life becomes better when you keep these realities in mind. 1. Your days are numbered, 2. You are not better than anyone, and 3. You can’t just live anyhow.”
“Dear Daughter, When you do not feel like going on, just keep going until you reach the top.”
“Don't you bully me with your politeness! Love is hard to believe, ask any lover. Life is hard to believe, ask any scientist. God is hard to believe, ask any believer. What is your problem with hard to believe?”
“Life has hidden stairs; whenever you feel trapped, look for those mysterious stairs to get out of there!”
“For those who follow Jesus, the name of Jesus is alien to the man himself. Therefore, the location is not identified.”
“ because love is continual interrogation. I don't know of a better definition of love.”
“If you want to take the train, you have to give up the station! To do something in life, you must give up at least one thing!”
“The day you realize that you can create your happiness out of nothing is the day your life will change forever.”
“If there is anything you need to do, it is to find it in your heart to forgive yourself and those who have wronged you in the past.”
“Great leaders expand their vision by showing their followers how they can turn visions into reality.”
“Those who are against you will always desire to see you unhappy. Do not grant them that wish. Forgive!”
“So I learned two things that night, and the next day, from him: the perfection of a moment, and the fleeting nature of it.”
“Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.”
“God put us here, on this carnival ride. We close our eyes never knowing where it'll take us next.”
“Whoever debases others is debasing himself.”
“He looked different in sleep, beautiful but cold as moonlight. I found myself wishing he would wake so that I might watch the life return.”
“Weak people continue to stay with the wrong people because they choose suffocation over freedom.”
“Teach me to sing and recite, To whistle and jingle and strum. Teach me to color and paint, To sculpt and weave and create. Teach me to sway and dance, To tap and leap and twirl. Teach me to laugh and giggle, To tickle and play and pretend. Teach me that life is beautiful.”
“Green nature is the silent yet powerful, conductor orchestrating life on Earth.”
“As only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro, never allow yourself to be swayed by popular opinion.”
“Dear Daughter, You were born to excel. Do not be content with mediocrity. Be a beacon of excellence.”
“Just to say 'I believe' or 'I do not doubt' does not mean that you understand and see. To force oneself to see and accept a thing without understanding is political and not spiritual or intellectual.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to walk around like you are fine while bitterness is eating you up.”
“I simply regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi, in which the world created therein has different rules than my regular human world.”
“There are many paths to peace but every path begins from you.”
“Somewhere between love and hate lies confusion, misunderstanding and desperate hope.”
“The world seems to want us to be sad and angry because bad things frequently happen. But I say we should feel the opposite. We should be happy and cheerful because good things happen. We should be delighted to see the sun rise and stars glow and rainbows color stormy skies. We should savor every simple breath and eat each meal with gratitude. We should slumber in sweet dreams and relish moments of laughter and love. We should take more notice of the joys and kindnesses that do exist, still dictating the actions of millions of good people all over the world. Life is filled with pleasant moments, not just grief. We should be happy because this is true.”
“The creative flow is ever-present. If you don’t feel it, breathe walk meditate— smile at the universe, and it will smile back.”
“I always felt like you had to be important to have enemies.”
“The soul is a form of energy that makes you sentient.”
“man and wife respect for life”
“Avoid those who seek friends in order to maintain a certain social status or to open doors they would not otherwise be able to approach.”
“I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out like a fucking meteor!”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.”
“You made me feel alive again.”
“Ah, love, let us be true To one another! for the world, which seems To lie before us like a land of dreams, So various, so beautiful, so new, Hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light, Nor certitude, nor peace, nor help for pain; And we are here as on a darkling plain Swept with confused alarms of struggle and flight, Where ignorant armies clash by night.”
“The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.”
“What I am telling you, before you begin my story, is this -- two things: I crave truth. And I lie. ”
“Exactly!" said Deep Thought. "So once you do know what the question actually is, you'll know what the answer means.”
“We have to try and unite, despite our differences, despite our genders or race. For what kind of society are we building, if we cannot even master ourselves”
“This is the legend of Cassius Clay, The most beautiful fighter in the world today. He talks a great deal, and brags indeed-y, of a muscular punch that's incredibly speed-y. The fistic world was dull and weary, But with a champ like Liston, things had to be dreary. Then someone with color and someone with dash, Brought fight fans are runnin' with Cash. This brash young boxer is something to see And the heavyweight championship is his des-tin-y. This kid fights great; he’s got speed and endurance, But if you sign to fight him, increase your insurance. This kid's got a left; this kid's got a right, If he hit you once, you're asleep for the night. And as you lie on the floor while the ref counts ten, You’ll pray that you won’t have to fight me again. For I am the man this poem’s about, The next champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt. This I predict and I know the score, I’ll be champ of the world in ’64. When I say three, they’ll go in the third, 10 months ago So don’t bet against me, I’m a man of my word. He is the greatest! Yes! I am the man this poem’s about, I’ll be champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt. Here I predict Mr. Liston’s dismemberment, I’ll hit him so hard; he’ll wonder where October and November went. When I say two, there’s never a third, Standin against me is completely absurd. When Cassius says a mouse can outrun a horse, Don’t ask how; put your money where your mouse is! I AM THE GREATEST!”
“Birthdays could be such a bummer when you were older than the country you lived in.”
“It would be a much more blooming world if we share with others whatever good we have in us.”
“Be curious but be mindful.”
“Jealousy can make you a devil you didn't know you could be.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.”
“Smart leaders strive for peace because it is a non-painful process of problem-solving when compared to a war.”
“On the dark stretch of life your love is torch”
“When man takes a good look and understands that everyone is engaged only in their own welfare, then he alone well starts engaging himself with full of interest to take his life to a higher and better level.”
“Sometimes life’s most important moments begin with the casting of a seed, a small, uncertain act whose full significance becomes apparent only much later.”
“Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?”
“No one escapes from life alive.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world.”
“You need to do justice by forgiving others, even if they were unjust to you.”
“I think you don't grow up until you stop worrying about other people's purposes or lack of them and find the purposes you believe in for yourself.”
“Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.”
“We all like to think the world ends when we do. The truth is our acquaintances, our friends, and our loved ones all live on, and through them, so do we. It's not about what you had, but what you gave. It's not about how you looked, but how you lived. And it's not just about being remembered. It's about giving people a good reason to remember you.”
“Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining; Thy fate is the common fate of all, Into each life some rain must fall”
“Leaders who neglect those who elected them must never be given another chance to lead.”
“Life is not shallow. We have to dig deep to live.”
“You can't go through all the streets of life, your life is not enough for that! So what should you do? Find places and people who will give you the important things you don't have!”
“Sometimes we talk to people because we're curious about who they are. Imagine how limited our individual worlds would be without being curious.”
“It’s human nature to react a certain way. We’re influenced by the world around us and the narrative set by media and outside sources, which means that sometimes our reactions are totally unconscious—in our minds, it’s nothing more than how we perceive we should react.”
“Why do some people continue loving, even those who suffocate them?”
“Changing your environment for the greater good can also open your mind to a new sense of freedom and endless possibilities.”
“There are so many people put there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me.”
“False friends can be bought, but true friendship is priceless.”
“There is no death without life, but there can be life without death. Seems like death depends on life. Simply put, life goes on.”
“I hope your road hasn’t been too challenging. If it has, take heart! I’ve come to acknowledge that there are some wounds and regrets that time cannot fully erase; however, time provides opportunities for healing and renewal, a shift in composition, and a scar capable of fading.”
“Eventually, you must stop running to something or from something and embrace where you are. Otherwise you’ll never embrace anything.”
“Total submission to Allah swt brings peace of mind and heart.”
“Change should be accepted not opposed.”
“There are things you can't walk away from. Not if you want to live with yourself afterward.”
“I don’t regret anything I’ve ever done in life, any choice that I’ve made. But I’m consumed with regret for the things I didn’t do, the choices I didn’t make, the things I didn’t say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have the answer to. “What if…” “If only…” “I wonder what would have…” You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.”
“so many people would be afraid to look in the mirror if the saw their character and not their face…it would be like american horror story.”
“Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.”
“The modest wrinkles and the slackness of her skin were a matter of course. Proof she'd seized the reins in life. Nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.”
“The seeker embarks on a journey to find what he wants and discovers, along the way, what he needs.”
“Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.”
“People soon get tired of things that aren't boring, but not of what is boring.”
“When desire and responsibilities collide, love is judged by those who undervalue your needs and those who know you need protection from what you crave.”
“We want life to make sense. If we don’t find meaning and orientation, we are bound to fabulate a living and invent an inspiring life story. When we write out a chosen script, we’ll have to make time to hunker down into attuning it to the hitches of the road map, time and again, with fractious patience. ( "Everybody his story" )”
“Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.”
“I like the mind of people who reads books.”
“You may give up on your dreams, but once you do it, there's no other way to go back unless you want to start over from scratches, and you know damn well that there is nothing left from scratches except for pains.”
“The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Life does not belong to you. It is the apartment you rent. Love without fear, for love is an airplane that carries you to new lands. There is a universe in silence. A tunnel to peace in a scream. Get a good night's sleep. Laugh when you can. You are more magical than you know. Take your advice from the elderly and children. None of it as crucial as you think, but that makes it no less vital. Our lives go on, and on. Look for the breadcrumbs.”
“The best gift you can present to Allah is your heart wrapped in repentance.”
“The worst memories stick with us, while the nice ones always seem to slip through our fingers.”
“I suppose sooner or later in the life of everyone comes a moment of trial. We all of us have our particular devil who rides us and torments us, and we must give battle in the end.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“The path of the future is laid on the tracks of the past”
“Family should feel like home, not hell.”
“But that was the problem with having the answers. It was only after you gave them that you realized they sometimes weren't what people wanted to hear.”
“Did you ever dream you had a friend, Alec? Someone to last your whole life and you his. I suppose such a thing can’t really happen outside sleep.”
“You are always a young magician with your own methods of creating your own world .”
“It is easy to mourn the lives we aren't living. Easy to wish we'd developed other other talents, said yes to different offers. Easy to wish we'd worked harder, loved better, handled our finances more astutely, been more popular, stayed in the band, gone to Australia, said yes to the coffee or done more bloody yoga. It takes no effort to miss the friends we didn't make and the work we didn't do the people we didn't do and the people we didn't marry and the children we didn't have. It is not difficult to see yourself through the lens of other people, and to wish you were all the different kaleidoscopic versions of you they wanted you to be. It is easy to regret, and keep regretting, ad infinitum, until our time runs out. But it is not lives we regret not living that are the real problem. It is the regret itself. It's the regret that makes us shrivel and wither and feel like our own and other people's worst enemy. We can't tell if any of those other versions would of been better or worse. Those lives are happening, it is true, but you are happening as well, and that is the happening we have to focus on.”
“You cannot afford to be held ransom by your own heart. Forgive!”
“Fall in love with the energy of the mornings trace your fingers along the lull of the afternoons take the spirit of the evenings in your arms kiss it deeply and then make love to the tranquility of the nights.”
“The main purpose of life is to be satisfied in the right way. That is, getting satisfaction from things that are beneficial to you rather than harmful.”
“Don’t let mediocre people talk you out of your dreams; lions have little in common with sheep.”
“Sunrise Nature is more beautiful than dreams So wake up early”
“Why I joined Temple!" Lah would say. "Tea, nice music, decent architecture!" "And the devotion of your life to awe, gratitude, compassion, and respect?" "Yes yes yes - all that stuff too.”
“One who has loved truly, can never lose entirely. Love is whimsical and temperamental. Its nature is ephemeral, and transitory. It comes when it pleases,and goes away without warning. Accept and enjoy it while it remains, but spend no time worrying about its departure. Worry will never bring it back.”
“Inclusive leadership creates enough room for community involvement.”
“Hurting and hating yourself won’t help your situation. Seek help and reach out.”
“Infinite beauty, infinite adventure, infinite love— this is the realm of Creativity.”
“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“someone who elbows you to get you to laugh at his jokes”
“My dearest friend Abigail, These probably could be the last words I write to you and I may not live long enough to see your response but I truly have lived long enough to live forever in the hearts of my friends. I thought a lot about what I should write to you. I thought of giving you blessings and wishes for things of great value to happen to you in future; I thought of appreciating you for being the way you are; I thought to give sweet and lovely compliments for everything about you; I thought to write something in praise of your poems and prose; and I thought of extending my gratitude for being one of the very few sincerest friends I have ever had. But that is what all friends do and they only qualify to remain as a part of the bunch of our loosely connected memories and that's not what I can choose to be, I cannot choose to be lost somewhere in your memories. So I thought of something through which I hope you will remember me for a very long time. I decided to share some part of my story, of what led me here, the part we both have had in common. A past, which changed us and our perception of the world. A past, which shaped our future into an unknown yet exciting opportunity to revisit the lost thoughts and to break free from the libido of our lost dreams. A past, which questioned our whole past. My dear, when the moment of my past struck me, in its highest demonised form, I felt dead, like a dead-man walking in flesh without a soul, who had no reason to live any more. I no longer saw any meaning of life but then I saw no reason to die as well. I travelled to far away lands, running away from friends, family and everyone else and I confined myself to my thoughts, to my feelings and to myself. Hours, days, weeks and months passed and I waited for a moment of magic to happen, a turn of destiny, but nothing happened, nothing ever happens. I waited and I counted each moment of it, thinking about every moment of my life, the good and the bad ones. I then saw how powerful yet weak, bright yet dark, beautiful yet ugly, joyous yet grievous; is a one single moment. One moment makes the difference. Just a one moment. Such appears to be the extreme and undisputed power of a single moment. We live in a world of appearance, Abigail, where the reality lies beyond the appearances, and this is also only what appears to be such powerful when in actuality it is not. I realised that the power of the moment is not in the moment itself. The power, actually, is in us. Every single one of us has the power to make and shape our own moments. It is us who by feeling joyful, celebrate for a moment of success; and it is also us who by feeling saddened, cry and mourn over our losses. I, with all my heart and mind, now embrace this power which lies within us. I wish life offers you more time to make use of this power. Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies. Take care! Love, Francis. Title: Letter to Abigail Scene: "Death-bed" Chapter: The Road To Awe”
“The demon that you can swallow gives you its power, and the greater life’s pain, the greater life’s reply.”
“Oftentimes, revenge feels like the easiest thing, but it complicates even the easiest things.”
“To be “matter of fact” about the world is to blunder into fantasy--and dull fantasy at that, as the real world is strange and wonderful.”
“regret is mostly caused by not having done anything.”
“The way is simple, You are the difficulty.”
“Dear Daughter, Live, learn and laugh while alive. The only chance you have is now.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“If you can remain calm and positive in dark times, there will always be sunshine in your life.”
“When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.”
“  so this is for us. This is for us who sing, write, dance, act, study, run and love and this is for doing it even if no one will ever know because the beauty is in the act of doing it. Not what it can lead to. This is for the times I lose myself while writing, singing, playing and no one is around and they will never know but I will forever remember and that shines brighter than any praise or fame or glory I will ever have, and this is for you who write or play or read or sing by yourself with the light off and door closed when the world is asleep and the stars are aligned and maybe no one will ever hear it or read your words or know your thoughts but it doesn’t make it less glorious. It makes it ethereal. Mysterious. Infinite. For it belongs to you and whatever God or spirit you believe in and only you can decide how much it meant and means and will forever mean and other people will experience it too through you. Through your spirit. Through the way you talk. Through the way you walk and love and laugh and care and I never meant to write this long but what I want to say is: Don’t try to present your art by making other people read or hear or see or touch it; make them feel it. Wear your art like your heart on your sleeve and keep it alive by making people feel a little better. Feel a little lighter. Create art in order for yourself to become yourself and let your very existence be your song, your poem, your story. Let your very identity be your book. Let the way people say your name sound like the sweetest melody. So go create. Take photographs in the wood, run alone in the rain and sing your heart out high up on a mountain where no one will ever hear and your very existence will be the most hypnotising scar. Make your life be your art and you will never be forgotten.”
“Betrayal can cause you a lot of pain, but the worst form of pain is the one harboured in your heart due to unforgiveness. Choose forgiveness and tranquilly in life; it yields better results.”
“That’s the thing about a human life-there’s no control group, no way to ever know how any of us would have turned out if any variables had been changed.”
“Make good decisions in today's life that determine the future of You and Your loved ones”
“I didn't give up, I walked away I had enough of accepting actions that were less than I deserved. So  I made a concious choice To honour myself, Before complementing another & If that's what; has made you undeniably mad, Than I know, the history of our connection is hidden in the truth of your heart and regardless of your outcome, I have made the right choice for me.”
“But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows.”
“Even if people push you to hate them, do not give in. Take control of your heart and forgive. It is when you forgive that you will experience inner peace.”
“Look in the mirror and see what it shows; Positivity on the face, inside negativity flows.”
“Dear Daughter, Refuse to be held back by those who also have their limitations.”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be…”
“Dear Leader, Learn to take criticism positively. You are a leader. As much as you will be applauded sometimes, you will also be criticised at times. This leadership coin has two sides; be ready to handle both.”
“It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.”
“You're basically a blank canvas. Better to fill it up with good things rather than bad things.”
“Dear Daughter, There is a significant reason you were born. Make sure you live up to that reason.”
“Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.”
“The evenings are meant for deep reflection.”
“You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”
“Dreamers are mocked as impractical. The truth is they are the most practical, as their innovations lead to progress and a better way of life for all of us.”
“Life, it's not denying or agreeing with you- it is just always stating itself.”
“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom”
“Dreams are necessary to life.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“The One who does not avoid most extremes is of all cost”
“If leaders could inquire from their followers about their welfare and wellbeing before addressing them, their focus would change from only presenting speeches to implementing what is written in their speeches.”
“A healthy mind and a healthy body are the two things you need the most in your firm stance in life, and in the absence of one of them, life becomes advantageous in the fight against you!”
“When you become acquainted with love you develop the feeling of hatred simultaneously. It's human nature to hate everything that comes in the way as a hurdle. I have made my life complicated once I learned to hate. It's the heaviest therefore hardest to let go!”
“He who forgets the past is doomed to repeat it.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing ”
“Impatience can teach us the lessons of patience better”
“You said we all want there to be more than this! Well, there's always more than this. There's always something you don't know.”
“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
“Money is not everything just a tool to fulfill our needs, but we have required maximum money to live in this society.”
“Water is sacred to all Human Beings. If you do not have water, you cannot have life. I always remember to honor and pour the water because it is traditional.”
“Life is meant for realizing your true Self (Atman) in the Divine Consciousness (God), and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“Sharing my uniquely funny true stories with a twist is cathartic, and helps me figure life out. You really can’t make this stuff up.”
“When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.”
“For the dog, colour doesn't matter, reputation doesn't matter, wealth doesn't matter. Dogs see us all as equals. They live in the present in a world of emotion. They know if you are true and trustworthy, and what they care about most is the love you have in your heart and the kindness you show them.”
“Change the perception in life of criticism into challenges, luck into opportunity, achievements into Inspiration, Ideas into Invention and become a Brand that does not demand to be introduced.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Life was not longer something to endure, but to live. ”
“We all begin to loose once we stop hoping.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, happiness also becomes absent.”
“Why do you occupy your mind about me, because I am about me? Do not concern me. Relax yourself by interfering in the affairs of others”
“She looked away. Her attitude seemed to suggest that she had finished with him, and would be obliged if somebody would come and sweep him up.”
“Messenger reflects one's true self.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer.”
“Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”
“Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.”
“I love the Lord, for he heard my voice; he heard my cry for mercy. Because he turned his ear to me, I will call on him as long as I live. (Psalms 116:1-2 NIV)”
“Life's true wonders unfold when we dare to shift our minds and embrace the transformative dance of paradigm change.”
“Your pain is not a waste, someday it will become the source of your strength.”
“You are not forced to forgive, but if you love yourself, you will compel yourself to forgive.”
“This was my first lesson about gambling: if you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating. Later on in life, if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation, I would watch very closely.”
“But the catch in life is, Unless you shed the inhibitions chaining you down, Unless you take the leap of faith, Unless you push yourself from the edge of your comfort zone, Unless you get ready to embrace the uncertainties of life, And risk everything you already have, You can't live the life of your dreams!”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“We can regard our life as a uselessly disturbing episode in the blissful repose of nothingness.”
“( )normalcy is an illusion. Each person is utterly unique. A standard of normalcy is something that most people of the world simply will never access.”
“Dear Daughter, Do a better job in taking care of the life you have. Be gentle and kind to yourself.”
“I've apparently been the victim of growing up, which apparently happens to all of us at one point or another. It's been going on for quite some time now, without me knowing it. I've found that growing up can mean a lot of things. For me, it doesn't mean I should become somebody completely new and stop loving the things I used to love. It means I've just added more things to my list. Like for example, I'm still beyond obsessed with the winter season and I still start putting up strings of lights in September. I still love sparkles and grocery shopping and really old cats that are only nice to you half the time. I still love writing in my journal and wearing dresses all the time and staring at chandeliers. But some new things I've fallen in love with -- mismatched everything. Mismatched chairs, mismatched colors, mismatched personalities. I love spraying perfumes I used to wear when I was in high school. It brings me back to the days of trying to get a close parking spot at school, trying to get noticed by soccer players, and trying to figure out how to avoid doing or saying anything uncool, and wishing every minute of every day that one day maybe I'd get a chance to win a Grammy. Or something crazy and out of reach like that. ;) I love old buildings with the paint chipping off the walls and my dad's stories about college. I love the freedom of living alone, but I also love things that make me feel seven again. Back then naivety was the norm and skepticism was a foreign language, and I just think every once in a while you need fries and a chocolate milkshake and your mom. I love picking up a cookbook and closing my eyes and opening it to a random page, then attempting to make that recipe. I've loved my fans from the very first day, but they've said things and done things recently that make me feel like they're my friends -- more now than ever before. I'll never go a day without thinking about our memories together.”
“You must never behave as if your life belongs to a man. Do you hear me?” Aunty Ifeka said. “Your life belongs to you and you alone.”
“New Year's resolutions will only truly fulfil us when we resolve to open our hearts anew to the presence of God's everlasting love.”
“Certainty is for the fallen. The living have to work with what is probable.”
“When leaders succeed in their leadership roles, they must be applauded for making progress.”
“In life, we go through unexpected challenges that arises in our journey in succeeding, do not let any negativity taint your life with any misleading directions. Let the rejoice of your journey be with you all times, with the power of your soul and heart can combat any obstacle with time and gradual patience”
“This is your only chance to give life your best shot. Do not miss it at all!”
“Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.”
“Life can be so good, especially when surrounded by genuine people who stand for the truth.”
“How easy it was to capitalize on a person’s own bent for self-destruction; how simple to nudge them into non-being, then to stand back and shrug and agree that it had been the inevitable result of a chaotic, catastrophic life.”
“The difference between a non-suicide and an ex-suicide leaving the house for work, at eight o'clock on an ordinary morning: The non-suicide is a little traveling suck of care, sucking care with him from the past and being sucked toward care in the future. His breath is high in his chest. The ex-suicide opens his front door, sits down on the steps, and laughs. Since he has the option of being dead, he has nothing to lose by being alive. It is good to be alive. He goes to work because he doesn't have to.”
“The formula of life is simple. It is the formula of giving - giving courage, attention, peace, love and comfort to yourself and the society.”
“An ability to look into the confusing mess of life and see things for what they are.”
“One of the best achievements of life is having friends who become family.”
“In this world of interdependence, opposite emotions are also connected. As William Blake put it "joy and woe are woven fine". I know this because one of the reasons I love life is because I was once suicidal. I have sincerely known moments of content in my life for having gone through years of hell.”
“I always had this idea that you should never give up a happy middle in the hopes of a happy ending, because there is no such thing as a happy ending. Do you know what I mean? There is so much to lose.”
“Everyone has a past, but that's just it--it's in the past. You can learn from it, but you can't change it.”
“Eventually life in itself is just a pile of randomly gathered moments and the last one that falls on top of it unhinges the steeple to cause a collapse.”
“Joy and heartbeats intertwine; questions and answers finally meet; when melodies touch the dancing feet.”
“When we're connected to others, we become better people.”
“Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.”
“Journey’s end In western lands beneath the Sun The flowers may rise in Spring, The trees may bud, the waters run, The merry finches sing. Or there maybe 'tis cloudless night, And swaying branches bear The Elven-stars as jewels white Amid their branching hair. Though here at journey's end I lie In darkness buried deep, Beyond all towers strong and high, Beyond all mountains steep, Above all shadows rides the Sun And Stars for ever dwell: I will not say the Day is done, Nor bid the Stars farewell.J.”
“It is obvious to feel the pain in your heart when people who could understand your silence stop understanding even your words.”
“A forgiving heart can never run out of love.”
“There are no random acts We are all connected You can no more separate one life from another than you can separate a breeze from the wind ”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Does a lack of life always equate to death? Perhaps it’s sometimes worse than that. For us, back then, it was. We were living an exiguity, an insufficiency which painfully demanded compensation, but to compensate for it we had nothing left. Silent. Perfectly silent as we were gliding across the icy earth. We didn't even leave traces anymore that could someday remind someone else that we had been there at all. How much does silence weigh and what amount of it can crush a man? However much: suddenly it was heavier on our shoulders. The silence, the air, the life that stuck to us like a tasteless chewing gum that we didn’t even want and all of a sudden, they ceased: the warm cloudlets, soaring into the icy air from my loosened lips. I stopped breathing.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love.”
“I am convinced that human life is filled with many pure, happy, serene examples of insincerity, truly splendid of their kind-of people deceiving one another without (strangely enough) any wounds being inflicted, of people who seem unaware even that they are deceiving one another.”
“The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.”
“Because memory and sensations are so uncertain, so biased, we always rely on a certain reality-call it an alternate reality-to prove the reality of events. To what extent facts we recognize as such really are as they seem, and to what extent these are facts merely because we label them as such, is an impossible distinction to draw. Therefore, in order to pin down reality as reality, we need another reality to relativize the first. Yet that other reality requires a third reality to serve as its grounding. An endless chain is created within our consciousness, and it is the very maintenance of this chain that produces the sensation that we are actually here, that we ourselves exist.”
“We may indeed die here, that's true. But we will all die anyway-is there any denying that? When you think of all the possible ways you might go, this is as fine a place as any, isn't it? I mean, to end one's life surrounded by friends, in a comfortable, dry room with plenty to read  that doesn't sound too awful, does it?" "What is the advantage of fear, or the benefit of regret, or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, 'Life is only precious if you wish it to be.' I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal-do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience?" The monk looked around, but no one answered him. "If Maribor wishes for me to die, who am I to argue? After all, it is he who gave me life to begin with. Until he decides I am done, each day is a gift granted to me, and it would be wasted if spent poorly. Besides, for me, I've learned that the last bite is often the sweetest.”
“Not every treasure is treasured in life. A diamond is meaningless in the hands of a monkey, but a banana is. So, do not lose courage when others ill-treat you regardless of your value. Some people do not know how to value valuable things. Hence, they will never care about you.”
“I had a dream about you last night. The champagne was non-alcoholic. You didn't notice, and laughed at my jokes anyway.”
“Is it possible to say this: The road was beautiful, but the journey was terrible! Yes, it's very possible, especially when traveling with people who don't have the same vision on life as you!”
“Forgiveness is an arduous process, but if properly done, it produces the best results.”
“Don't hyperbolize when things don't flow according to your plan. Things could change when you least expect it. And it is crucial to be flexible at all times.”
“To be alive is to be missing.”
“Read. You can always talk with another reader.”
“I am wonderfully & beautifully created in the image of God.”
“If the one you love when you close your eyes, is the one you adore when they open, you are living the dream.”
“Build yourself up to stand out and be recognized in a crowd.”
“I don't care what you say to me. I care what you share with me.”
“Everyone is not selfish. Some beautiful people genuinely want to see you happy.”
“Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.”
“If you feel alone in society, then don't feel down because topper always one in whole class..”
“One of the greatest journeys in life is overcoming insecurity and learning to truly not give a shit.”
“Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.”
“We love to be forgiven, but we hate to forgive others; unless they fall on their knees to worship us.”
“If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”
“You will always meet two kinds of people—those who put you through good times and those who put you through bad times. What you must do is forgive, even if you have been put through the worst.”
“The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk.”
“Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.”
“Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.”
“I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough, it’ll make sense.”
“You can belittle a person who is constantly waiting at a station where no train stops, and call her crazy! Or you can rewind and watch her tragic life movie and then admire her for still standing on her feet!”
“Some are condemned to remain mere “clock and smart phone watchers”, inasmuch as they are not able to read and interpret the lines of their life or don't even treasure the enchantment of daily captivating moments. If we are not prepared to give some personal time to social time, we walk like blind men through gloomy alleys of our existence. ( " Please. Just a bit of a chat " )”
“Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.”
“LIFE IS A HOLIDAY TO THE DEATH”
“It's not my story anymore: whenever I speak about the past now, I feel as if I were talking about something that has nothing to do with me. All that remains in the present are the voice, the presence, and the importance of fulfilling my mission. I don't regret difficulties I experienced; I think they helped me to become the person I am today, I feel the way a warrior must feel after years of training; he doesn't remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right.”
“There are people who are generic. They make generic responses and they expect generic answers. They live inside a box and they think people who don't fit into their box are weird. But I'll tell you what, generic people are the weird people. They are like genetically-manipulated plants growing inside a laboratory, like indistinguishable faces, like droids. Like ignorance.”
“Success keeps you in the game of life, but failure is the path to wisdom.”
“Life is a double win. The more we help others, the farther we all go.”
“In an effort to preserve what little sanity I have left, I’ve decided to replace all of my anxiety and emotions with sarcasm and humor.”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Give the People what they want - and they'll get what they deserve.”
“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”
“A home filled with nothing but yourself. It's heavy, that lightness. It's crushing, that emptiness.”
“Leadership is the ability to stand for those who cannot stand for themselves, by sitting down with them and finding out what can be done best to assist them.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara”
“The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.”
“Moving to oriental or jazz while listening to drum beats or trance, take your own time and improvise. Wait not, now is the time to release the dancing vibes.”
“That's what literature is. It's the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death! Listen to them!”
“A zoologist who observed gorillas in their native habitat was amazed by the uniformity of their life and their vast idleness. Hours and hours without doing anything. Was boredom unknown to them? This is indeed a question raised by a human, a busy ape. Far from fleeing monotony, animals crave it, and what they most dread is to see it end. For it ends, only to be replaced by fear, the cause of all activity. Inaction is divine; yet it is against inaction that man has rebelled. Man alone, in nature, is incapable of enduring monotony, man alone wants something to happen at all costs — something, anything . Thereby he shows himself unworthy of his ancestor: the need for novelty is the characteristic of an alienated gorilla.”
“The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.”
“We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.”
“When people assume you are happy all the time, they never care about your unhappiness.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not become worn down by the pressure to appear perfect as long as you keep doing what results in excellence.”
“All truth passes through three stages: First, it is ridiculed; Second, it is violently opposed; and Third, it is accepted as self-evident.”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are ! . . . Words of Wisdom take or leave!”
“I failed to communicate, that's why I chose to leave”
“Don't wait to lose a person to realize their worth in your life.”
“It scares me how hard it is to remember life before you. I can't even make the comparisons anymore, because my memories of that time have all the depth of a photograph. It seems foolish to play games of better and worse. It's simply a matter of is and is no longer.”
“Many people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five.”
“Life is full of grief, to exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people.”
“Life is a tapestry woven by the decisions we make.”
“After all it's not until something worse comes along that we can look back and realize we had something good all along. If only we hadn't been so foolish as to miss it at the time.”
“Do not blindly trust anyone except your parents, otherwise, you can be deceived a lot. Here everyone is a friend of his greed, nobody cares about your feelings.”
“God bless you, little Kristin, I've been to Paris and traveled elsewhere in the world as well, and yet you mustn't think me any better for it, for I fear the Devil and love and desire this world like a fool.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love.”
“Learning To believe you are magnificent. And gradually to discover that you are not magnificent. Enough labor for one human life.”
“You can't fix something if you're hiding from it.”
“Hope rises with the sun, illuminating a new day full of endless possibilities.”
“When you opt to forgive, you will find your victory.”
“100 Questions of Life 6. What is perfection? Perfection is imperfections we've made peace with.   13. What is nature? Nature is order within chaos. 14. What is order? Order is but friendship with chaos. 15. What is chaos? Chaos is order we are yet to understand.   21. What is knowledge? Knowledge is ignorance we've chosen to correct. 22. What is choice? Choice is the fulcrum of freedom. 23. What is freedom? Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility. 24. What is responsibility? Responsibility is the act of backbone. 25. What is backbone? Backbone is more than a stick to hang your head. 26. What is the head? Head is the mightiest carrier of progress. 27. What is progress? Progress is much more than mere functioning of nuts and bolts. 28. What are nuts and bolts? Nuts and bolts are our greatest defense against unforeseen terrors of nature, on earth and beyond.   53. What is heritage? Heritage, in moderation, is an aid to growth, unmoderated, poison.   57. What is death? Death is but the fear of life. 58. What is fear? Fear is but memory of our animal past. 59. What is memory? Memory is the fabric of time. 60. What is time? Time is the meaning behind moments.   78. What is curiosity? Curiosity is a challenge to superstition. 79. What is superstition? Superstition is nature's antidote to the insecurity of the unknown. 80. What is insecurity? Insecurity is wisdom of the jungle against possible predatory attack. 81. What is wisdom? Wisdom is the result of travel in mind, not in time or space.”
“But I can hardly sit still. I keep fidgeting, crossing one leg and then the other. I feel like I could throw off sparks, or break a window--maybe rearrange all the furniture.”
“Wherever I was, I was happy. At peace. I knew that everyone I cared about was all right. I knew it. Time didn't mean anything, nothing had form but I was still me, you know? And I was warm and I was loved and I was finished. Complete. I don't understand about theology or dimensions, or any of it, really but I think I was in heaven. And now I'm not. I was torn out of there. Pulled out by my friends. Everything here is hard, and bright, and violent. Everything I feel, everything I touch this is hell. Just getting through the next moment, and the one after that knowing what I've lost ”
“Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.”
“Those candle flames were like the lives of men. So fragile. So deadly. Left alone, they lit and warmed. Let run rampant, they would destroy the very things they were meant to illuminate. Embryonic bonfires, each bearing a seed of destruction so potent it could tumble cities and dash kings to their knees.”
“You can't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbors. You know, eventually those snakes are going to turn on whoever has them in the backyard.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”
“But everyone knows someone who has died, I said. Why is it so hard to think about dying? 'Because,' Morrie continued, 'most of us walk around as if we're sleepwalking. We really don't experience the world fully, because we're half asleep, doing things we automatically think we have to do.' And facing death changes all that? 'Oh, yes. You strip away all that stuff and you focus on the essentials. When you realize you are going to die, you see everything much differently.' He sighed. 'Learn how to die, and you learn how to live.”
“Hopes are like hair ornaments. Girls want to wear too many of them. When they become old women they look silly wearing even one.”
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
“Tears do not replace sweat, at least it never did in me  When I just cry, I'm in the same situation.”
“To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the breaking of bread.”
“If Jesus was buried on Earth, then the best miracle would be to resuscitate him and bring him back to life.”
“The clear awareness of having been born into a losing struggle need not lead one into despair. I do not especially like the idea that one day I shall be tapped on the shoulder and informed, not that the party is over but that it is most assuredly going on—only henceforth in my absence. (It's the second of those thoughts: the edition of the newspaper that will come out on the day after I have gone, that is the more distressing.) Much more horrible, though, would be the announcement that the party was continuing forever, and that I was forbidden to leave. Whether it was a hellishly bad party or a party that was perfectly heavenly in every respect, the moment that it became eternal and compulsory would be the precise moment that it began to pall.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“No new horror can be more terrible than the daily torture of the commonplace.”
“One of the greatest lessons in life is learning how to respond and not react.”
“God can restore your life. Put your trust in Him.”
“Faith is a gauge that measures how much you trust God. It is also a pump that fuels you to trust Him more.”
“You look ridiculous if you dance You look ridiculous if you don't dance So you might as well dance.”
“Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted. It confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. You're left so alone that you can't explain. Damn, there's nothing like that, is there? I've been there and you have too. You're nodding your head.”
“Right now, I had everything I could ask for. It wasn't a long list, but it was a very satisfying one, starting with the love of my life back in my arms.”
“If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won.”
“If you are not travelling, you are living in a deep well and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but also you don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“Leadership is about carrying the heavy load of the followers on your shoulders and empowering them to work with leaders to lighten that heavy load.”
“I wake up and tear drops, they fall down like rain. I put on that old song we danced to and then, I head off to my job cause not much has changed. Punch the clock, head for home, check the phone. Just in case. Go to bed, dream of you. That's what I am doing these days.”
“Showing some people, the door when their time in your life is up is not a crime; it is a proactive stance to save your life.”
“Courage to die is all too different from that required to carry on living against odds." - Crossing the Mirage”
“No matter how failure shines in my life. Bit it cannot dry my passion”
“The greatest thing to be grateful for every day is knowing that God never forgets to extend your life every day.”
“Don't judge yourself just by your mistakes.”
“Most times, you will realize that value is relative. Just as the rain is convenient to a farmer and convenient to a hunter, so is life. Some will like you; others will loathe you. Some will applaud you; others will criticize you. Some will stand with you, others will backstab you. Learn to accept these realities, and you will not be fazed by unfavourable conditions.”
“The best time to start anything is today.”
“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.”
“Forgiveness will never happen until you decide to make it happen.”
“Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.”
“People pity animals for their brief lives, but our life is a bigger tragedy since it is just long enough to make us believe it is worth worrying about.”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“Guilt in the heart creates chaos in the head.”
“Every day and every little step you take forward counts for a better tomorrow. No matter how long it takes, trying becomes self-rewarding for a better life with the development of positive emotions.”
“The days that change your life usually begin like any other day.”
“I think the highest and lowest points are the important ones. Anything else is just in between.”
“When people try to pull you down, remember, they had to look up to do so.”
“No one in this world is more important than you and nothing in this world is more important than your compassion. Let your kindness shine upon them like the Sun and brighten humanity furthermore.”
“I wish that my mirror wouldn't show me the way i look, but the way I'am. Because my inner beauty is more important than physical beauty.”
“Learning After some time, you learn the subtle difference between holding a hand and imprisoning a soul; You learn that love does not equal sex, and that company does not equal security, and you start to learn…. That kisses are not contracts and gifts are not promises, and you start to accept defeat with the head up high and open eyes, and you learn to build all roads on today, because the terrain of tomorrow is too insecure for plans… and the future has its own way of falling apart in half. And you learn that if it’s too much even the warmth of the sun can burn. So you plant your own garden and embellish your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring flowers to you. And you learn that you can actually bear hardship, that you are actually strong, and you are actually worthy, and you learn and learn…and so every day. Over time you learn that being with someone because they offer you a good future, means that sooner or later you’ll want to return to your past. Over time you comprehend that only who is capable of loving you with your flaws, with no intention of changing you can bring you all happiness. Over time you learn that if you are with a person only to accompany your own solitude, irremediably you’ll end up wishing not to see them again. Over time you learn that real friends are few and whoever doesn’t fight for them, sooner or later, will find himself surrounded only with false friendships. Over time you learn that words spoken in moments of anger continue hurting throughout a lifetime. Over time you learn that everyone can apologize, but forgiveness is an attribute solely of great souls. Over time you comprehend that if you have hurt a friend harshly it is very likely that your friendship will never be the same. Over time you realize that despite being happy with your friends, you cry for those you let go. Over time you realize that every experience lived, with each person, is unrepeatable. Over time you realize that whoever humiliates or scorns another human being, sooner or later will suffer the same humiliations or scorn in tenfold. Over time you learn to build your roads on today, because the path of tomorrow doesn’t exist. Over time you comprehend that rushing things or forcing them to happen causes the finale to be different form expected. Over time you realize that in fact the best was not the future, but the moment you were living just that instant. Over time you will see that even when you are happy with those around you, you’ll yearn for those who walked away. Over time you will learn to forgive or ask for forgiveness, say you love, say you miss, say you need, say you want to be friends, since before a grave, it will no longer make sense. But unfortunately, only over time…”
“The process of inner healing begins when you forgive.”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it. Go ahead!”
“Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. The stubborn retention of it, even in the face of extreme physical hardship, can hold a man's soul in his body long past the point at which the body should have surrendered it.”
“Forgiveness is good for your spiritual, mental and general health. Learn to forgive and improve your wellbeing.”
“Writing makes you relieve the moments. The happy ones and the sad ones too.”
“We are multiple in One. All vibrating energy.”
“Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson.”
“dont be afraid of death, be afraid of the unlived life.”
“Leadership is the willingness to learn every day and implement the lessons learned in the right way.”
“When you are humble and simple, the entire world knocks on your door to bask in your light. But when you are too full of yourself, one after another you'll keep losing life's most priceless treasures - those that really matter.”
“You can't always have the best results in life but you have the power to turn a bad news into a good news. It all depends on how you react to life's challenges.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Even if no salvation should come, I want to be worthy of it at every moment.”
“Where I will find peace other than in oblivion?”
“That what I need to survive is not Gale's fire, kindled with rage and hatred. I have plenty of fire myself. What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give me that.”
“You can survive without friends, but you can't live a life full of happiness and fun if you don't have close friends.”
“There should be no leader who is unwilling to account for his followers. Great leaders are not afraid to be held accountable, because they know that their followers count on them.”
“A rose is not its thorns, a peach is not its fuzz and a human being is not his or her crankiness.”
“Life may not always be pleasant, but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“We are all humiliated by the sudden discovery of a fact which has existed very comfortably and perhaps been staring at us in private while we have been making up our world entirely without it.”
“What you accept is what will enter; You become what you feed your soul.”
“I will fight forever, for my life, for my freedom, for every bit of light left in this dark world.”
“What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for dying.”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“When the leaves stop falling wasn't her time to die, it was your time to live.”
“The great thing, if one can, is to stop regarding all the unpleasant things as interruptions of one's 'own,' or 'real' life. The truth is of course that what one calls the interruptions are precisely one's real life -- the life God is sending one day by day.”
“Be so good they can't ignore you.”
“Man does not live only for himself.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“I'd like to repeat the advice that I gave you before, in that I think you really should make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, Ron, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty. And so, Ron, in short, get out of Salton City and hit the Road. I guarantee you will be very glad you did. But I fear that you will ignore my advice. You think that I am stubborn, but you are even more stubborn than me. You had a wonderful chance on your drive back to see one of the greatest sights on earth, the Grand Canyon, something every American should see at least once in his life. But for some reason incomprehensible to me you wanted nothing but to bolt for home as quickly as possible, right back to the same situation which you see day after day after day. I fear you will follow this same inclination in the future and thus fail to discover all the wonderful things that God has placed around us to discover. Don't settle down and sit in one place. Move around, be nomadic, make each day a new horizon. You are still going to live a long time, Ron, and it would be a shame if you did not take the opportunity to revolutionize your life and move into an entirely new realm of experience. You are wrong if you think Joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living. My point is that you do not need me or anyone else around to bring this new kind of light in your life. It is simply waiting out there for you to grasp it, and all you have to do is reach for it. The only person you are fighting is yourself and your stubbornness to engage in new circumstances.”
“There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven: a time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to tear down and a time to build, a time to weep and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to dance, a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them, a time to embrace and a time to refrain, a time to search and a time to give up, a time to keep and a time to throw away, a time to tear and a time to mend, a time to be silent and a time to speak, a time to love and a time to hate, a time for war and a time for peace. (Ecclesiastes 3:1-8, NIV)”
“it's good to have things done with when they don't work it's also good not to hate or even forget the person you've failed with.”
“Intentions are often hidden inside patterns of behavior. Time is a good indicator of patterns.”
“If You hurt anyone, it means you got already hurted.”
“What was the point of even having a conversation when words couldn't be trusted?”
“It's been a prevalent notion. Fallen sparks. Fragments of vessels broken at the Creation. And someday, somehow, before the end, a gathering back to home. A messenger from the Kingdom, arriving at the last moment. But I tell you there is no such message, no such home -- only the millions of last moments . . . nothing more. Our history is an aggregate of last moments.”
“In as much time as it takes to smoke a cigarette, a person's life was changed forever.”
“In the back of my head I knew that life didn’t work that way, in phases of good and bad, and that good and bad usually occurred at the same time.”
“You are -- your life, and nothing else.”
“You must distinguish between a reality and mentality. You might find out that some of the problems or struggles don’t even exist. Your mind created them for you, and they are the ones blocking you from success. The way you see things or people might not be the reality. Might be your mind misleading you.You might be hating people for wrong reasons or no reasons at all. You might even change your life, character or lifestyle thinking you are this person, but to find out that you are not. The real enemy can be your mind not the people you think are of.”
“You always have to look behind for your foots marks.”
“Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will”
“Forgiveness is letting go of anything that negatively affects many things in your life.”
“All that is important is this one moment in movement. Make the moment important, vital, and worth living. Do not let it slip away unnoticed and unused.”
“I would not join any club which would have me be a member.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there. ”
“Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Keep quiet where you are a noise”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?' 'Aren’t we all?”
“If you are a passenger in life, then life will decide your destination. If you are the driver of your life, then you will decide its destination”
“Life is a series of pulls back and forth  A tension of opposites, like a pull on a rubber band. Most of us live somewhere in the middle. A wrestling match Which side win? Love wins. Love always wins”
“I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see.”
“The Laughing Heart your life is your life don’t let it be clubbed into dank submission. be on the watch. there are ways out. there is a light somewhere. it may not be much light but it beats the darkness. be on the watch. the gods will offer you chances. know them. take them. you can’t beat death but you can beat death in life, sometimes. and the more often you learn to do it, the more light there will be. your life is your life. know it while you have it. you are marvelous the gods wait to delight in you.”
“Everybody has a ‘gripping stranger’ in their lives, Andy, a stranger who unwittingly possesses a bizarre hold over you. Maybe it’s the kid in cut-offs who mows your lawn or the woman wearing White Shoulders who stamps your book at the library—a stranger who, if you were to come home and find a message from them on your answering machine saying ‘Drop everything. I love you. Come away with me now to Florida,’ you’d follow them.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“When you do not forgive, you create a room in your heart to bear grudges. Grudges are like weed. Nothing good will ever grow when they are there.”
“The desire to see a change in someone is just the beginning of a new argument”
“In generations to come, all thinking will be called overthinking. Everything will be left to fortune to decide, exploring the spiritual realm, thus allowing our imagination to do its job.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“Dear Leader, You need a firm surface before you can step on that ladder. Leadership is like that. You need stable followers to go higher.”
“It’s easy to think that as a result of the extinction of the dodo, we are now sadder and wiser, but there’s a lot of evidence to suggest that we are merely sadder and better informed.”
“Dogs are great. Bad dogs, if you can really call them that, are perhaps the greatest of them all.”
“But, in her life, nothing was going to happen. Such was the will of God! The future was a dark corridor, and at the far end the door was bolted.”
“Embrace possibility, but don't let it drag you down”
“Momentum of triumph, concept that is attenuated in the gloom of my illegitimate twilight. I extend my drowsiness, with a daily current renewed by the euphoria. Day after day, day after day. It will be better.”
“Just know I am Not there to catch you But I am there for you”
“Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.”
“Transformational leaders earn the trust of their followers, because they know how to turn things around and produce excellent results.”
“We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.”
“You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.”
“Nothing is built on stone; All is built on sand, but we must build as if the sand were stone.”
“You may hear or read dozens of advice about life every day, but the most tragicomic part of this is that the advice that will work for you is often not in them!”
“Try to work on being okay with being a total reject, a freak, a wobbly little weirdo, a loser, a fine-ass hottie, and an ordinary everyday girl with all kinds of struggles. It’s okay. Try to remind yourself, every single day, that it’s you who decides if you’re happy or not, the real you, the current you, not the past you. And your happiness should definitely not be up to everybody else in this goddamn shitty, fucked-up world. Remember that things are always changing. Remember that love, even if it goes bad in the end, was still a good thing, because it came from you, out of who you are as a person. Remember that the good times, when they happen, are worth all the trouble. Remember that sadness and heartbreak, frustration and loss, even bitter, hopeless fucking tragedy, they’re all part of what makes a beautiful story. Just like flaws, freakiness, fuck-ups, and all your fallible character defects are all part of what makes a fantastic fucking you. Remember that making mistakes doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you a human being, somebody who’s just trying to get through this fucked up life, just like everybody else, and doesn’t know everything. Sometimes you screw up. Sometimes a fuck up ruins lives. But you’re only a bad person if you don’t learn anything from your mistakes, if you just keep going, like a bull in a China shop, hurting people over and over forever, never changing. Remember that you can still love yourself, even if you’ve made horrible, terrible mistakes, even if you’ve ruined people’s lives. You can still love who you are. You have to, or you won’t survive. Remember that the awful things people did to you do not define who you are. Your choices define who you are, and you never chose any of that shit. Remember that you’re not all alone in being a freak. Remember that you fucking rock.”
“Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.”
“I've learned  . That being kind is more important than being right.”
“Forgiveness is when you refuse to hand over your happiness to the enemy.”
“Choose your steps wisely because your footprints may be followed by others.”
“Fear nothing but your conscience.”
“APPLY WITHIN You once told me You wanted to find Yourself in the world - And I told you to First apply within, To discover the world within you. You once told me You wanted to save The world from all its wars - And I told you to First save yourself From the world, And all the wars You put yourself Through. APPLY WITHIN by Suzy Kassem”
“Dear Daughter, Wherever you are, make your mark and you will shine like a star.”
“TANSTAAFL: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.”
“Humanity is a cage, and our puritanical sensibilities comprise the bars. We are confined by our own reason and intellect, and yet most of us don't even know it.”
“On no subject are our ideas more warped and pitiable than on death.   Let children walk with nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life, and that the grave has no victory, for it never fights.”
“We are the time we must live up to otherwise like the sun we will set one day without shining.”
“There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.”
“The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.”
“If you kick a lion when it is down, God help you when it gets up.”
“There is no such thing as a dumb human being in this world. Everyone is intelligent at something. I've met people who were hopeless in their physics, maths and accounting class but were amongst the some the most musical genius I've come across, met drop outs who were convinced that they were dumb because they had trouble learning through the monotous traditional style of teaching, but had incisive social observations which were better than most sociologists. And some never went to art school but drew like Michael angelo and have better acting skills than most Hollywood actors. In psychology text books, there are atleast 9 forms of intellignce, and everyone has their own. Know yours!”
“It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.”
“Dear Leader, If you want to become great, seek wisdom first and then follow your passion, for there is nothing as tragic as a leader who lacks wisdom.”
“Something that is yours forever is never precious”
“If you find yourself constantly overwhelmed by negative thinking and feeling, find a balance between what's not worth your energy and what needs healing. - Charlie Prince”
“Sometimes life isn't about flying. It is about putting one foot in front of the other.”
“Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it.”
“Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.”
“It's easier to face the camera than life. As in the former the script is known.”
“Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“Bad company is always bad company”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be ”
“Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.”
“It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.”
“To become vegetarian is to step towards the stream which leads to nirvana.”
“Forgiveness is training your mind not to think about people who do not belong in your heart.”
“The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things..”
“Sometimes all one need in life is hope and faith.”
“If you stay aligned with your inner child, you’ll always feel forever young.”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life ”
“Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the instrument as you go along.”
“Anything that doesn't take years of your life and drive you to suicide hardly seems worth doing.”
“Knowing it and seeing it are two different things.”
“Nothing fun in life is easy.”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“The world only exists in your mind.”
“Forgive yourself for not realizing beforehand that you are part of God's plan on Earth. Now that you know, go out there and make things happen. You have the backing of the Heavens.”
“A new way of life would open for each of us if we redefine our pursuits and appreciate what we already have.”
“The fact of zero He added nonstop: Did you know that zero was not used throughout human history! Until 781 A.D, when it was first embodied and used in arithmetic equations by the Arab scholar Al-Khwarizmi, the founder of algebra. Algorithms took their name from him, and they are algorithmic arithmetic equations that you have to follow as they are and you will inevitably get the result, the inevitable result. And before that, across tens and perhaps hundreds of thousands of years, humans refused to deal with zero. While the first reference to it was in the Sumerian civilization, where inscriptions were found three thousand years ago in Iraq, in which the Sumerians indicated the existence of something before the one, they refused to deal with it, define it and give it any value or effect, they refused to consider it a number. All these civilizations, some of which we are still unable to decipher many of their codes, such as the Pharaonic civilization that refused to deal with zero! We see them as smart enough to build the pyramids with their miraculous geometry and to calculate the orbits of stars and planets with extreme accuracy, but they are very stupid for not defining zero in a way that they can deal with, and use it in arithmetic operations, how strange this really is! But in fact, they did not ignore it, but gave it its true value, and refused to build their civilizations on an unknown and unknown illusion, and on a wrong arithmetical frame of reference. Throughout their history, humans have looked at zero as the unknown, they refused to define it and include it in their calculations and equations, not because it has no effect, but because its true effect is unknown, and remaining unknown is better than giving it a false effect. Like the wrong frame of reference, if you rely on it, you will inevitably get a wrong result, and you will fall into the inevitability of error, and if you ignore it, your chance of getting it right remains. Throughout their history, humans have preferred to ignore zero, not knowing its true impact, while we simply decided to deal with it, and even rely on it. Today we build all our ideas, our civilization, our software, mathematics, physics, everything, on the basis that 1 + 0 equals one, because we need to find the effect of zero so that our equations succeed, and our lives succeed with, but what if 1 + 0 equals infinity?! Why did we ignore the zero in summation, and did not ignore it in multiplication?! 1×0 equals zero, why not one? What is the reason? He answered himself: There is no inevitable reason, we are not forced. Humans have lived throughout their ages without zero, and it did not mean anything to them. Even when we were unable to devise any result that fits our theorems for the quotient of one by zero, then we admitted and said unknown, and ignored it, but we ignored the logic that a thousand pieces of evidence may not prove me right, and one proof that proves me wrong. Not doing our math tables in the case of division, blowing them up completely, and with that, we decided to go ahead and built everything on that foundation. We have separated the arithmetic tables in detail at our will, to fit our calculations, and somehow separate the whole universe around us to fit these tables, despite their obvious flaws. And if we decide that the result of one multiplied by zero is one instead of zero, and we reconstruct the whole world on this basis, what will happen? He answered himself: Nothing, we will also succeed, the world, our software, our thoughts, our dealings, and everything around us will be reset according to the new arithmetic tables. After a few hundred years, humans will no longer be able to understand that one multiplied by zero equals zero, but that it must be one because everything is built on this basis.”
“Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“Emotion often outwits intelligence, while intuition renders life surprisingly fluent and enjoyable. ("Le ciel c'est l'autre")”
“Womanhood is a wonderful thing. In womankind we find the mothers of the race.There is no man so great, nor none sunk so low, but once he lay a helpless, innocent babe in a woman's arms and was dependent on her love and care for his existence. It is woman who rocks the cradle of the world and holds the first affections of mankind. She possesses a power beyond that of a king on his throne.  Womanhood stands for all that is pure and clean and noble. She who does not make the world better for having lived in it has failed to be all that a woman should be.”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“This life is not perfect, live it to the full, it's all we have”
“I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.”
“The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.”
“What it means to be authentic: - to be more concerned with truth than opinions - to be sincere and not pretend - to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk" - to know who you are and to be that person - to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities - being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself - being awake to your own feelings - being free from others' opinions of you - accepting and loving yourself”
“Be like the sun; never let the opinions of those who hate you dull your shine.”
“Possibilities! In the loop of possibilities, There is always one reality, As you enter this cycle of possibilities, You unknowingly make a pact with eternity, To seek the new and to seek the original, And as you leave one loop only to enter another, You wonder what is fake and what is original, Because the loops are infinite and they hold this universe together, Where real is never obvious and fake is hidden too, And as you seek the real with your relentless prudence, You are cast in the dimensions fake and real too, Then to establish the reality is what defines that crescendo of prudence, And as ripples of time move over these loops of possibilities, You somehow segregate the unreal loops from the real, And in this intertwining net of possibilities, Now you, your thoughts, your desires are true and real, Whatever you seek now, seeks you as well, And the infinity breaks its endless loop, Because now you are part of eternity as well, Where you now can tell the fake from the original loop, Then the dimensions of the universe attain a singular state, Where universe is like a geometry with just one rule, That it is you who defines its every known and unknown state, And you become part of the reality integrated in every rule!”
“The problem we are giving sick people wrong attention. We should be giving them help instead of giving them attention. That is why we have a sick society. Everyone is doing weird things or acting weird to get attention.”
“Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.”
“You don't need the certificate of being right from the people who wronged you.”
“You’re always going to have people who aren’t happy for your success, but only you control how you respond to it.”
“Reflect in depth, plan in detail, and execute it with a calm, composed, and detached mind.”
“You realize the value of trust in a relationship after it breaks.”
“If roses tried to be sunflowers, they would lose their beauty; and if sunflowers tried to be roses, they would lose their strength.”
“Dear Daughter, You are God’s child. Not an ordinary person. You are good enough. You ought to be prepared for great things in life.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.”
“I have learnt to take care of myself without you.”
“No matter what! People will always judge you.”
“If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution.”
“Second Confrontation With The Limp. Today while ascending the escalators, In the crowd of thousands of spectators, The limp appeared once again, With similar signature of pain and strain, And the drag with which he pulled his right foot, Today seemed shorter than half a foot, He appeared to be moving in a definite direction, Without any doubts or dereliction, As I was ascending the escalator, He was descending the stairs one at a time , like a helpless procrastinator, And there I caught a glimpse of human emotion, A feeling of surging and pristinely humane sensation, A man who must have been in his mid sixties and ascending the escalator beside me, With side parted grey hair and a composed look that even skies longed to see, Caught the sight of the limp holding his bag in his left hand, While he held his right leg with his right hand and pushed it to the next step, to maintain balance and anyhow stand, He descended the stairs with caution, one step at a time, And the left leg, was in complete denial to rhyme, With the floundering right foot supported by his ankle high shoes, But there was nothing to cover or hide his face bearing the painful blues, The man looked at him and turned to see him again and again, Then without making it obvious, he removed his spectacles and cleared his tears, as he revived his look simple and plain, But it seemed he missed a heart beat when he saw the man limping in the crowd, A rush of emotion crossed him and surged his existence and for anyone equally sensitive, it was silent yet very loud, His feelings of sympathy were displayed all over his face, The sadness that he managed to hide with a synthetic grace, Failed in preventing him to constantly turn his head and look at the limping man, Perhaps it reminded him of someone dear or he felt a fellow human beings pain culminating in the form of the limping man, And he quietly wept and maybe felt deeply sorry for the limp and his relentless dragging, For whatever reason the limp too turned and looked back, and both were locked in a momentary emotional tugging, Where the limp gently smiled and bowed a bit, The man tried to smile too but he couldn't, so he lifted his hand slowly and waved it at him, as if to tell him, keep walking, never stop or sit, And then both pursued, rather were lured by their destinies, One ascending, the other one descending, with their own dreams, own hopes and a bunch of certainties, The man must be where he ought to be, the limp too might be at his destination now, But today both of them conquered their destinies with that humbling and simple bow!”
“It didn't make you noble to step away from something that wasn't working, even if you thought you were the reason for the malfunction. Especially then. It just made you a quitter. Because if you were the problem, chances were you could also be the solution. The only way to find out was to take another shot.”
“A person shows signs of clutching on too fast, of being needy, of not hearing the word "no," of jealousy, of guarding you and your freedom. But the signs can be so small they skitter right past you. Sometimes they dance past, looking satiny, something you should applaud. Someone's jealousy can make you feel good. Special. But it's not even about you. It's about a hand that is already gripping. It's about their need, circling around your throat”
“  time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.”
“Wherever we are, we want to be somewhere else.”
“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.”
“Sometimes it's the thought of someone leaving you which is more painful than the pain you feel when someone leaves you.”
“I need you to be happy. I need one of us to be happy.”
“There is no door or a window, the heart opens with cracks and breaks.”
“They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood.”
“A hundred men lived inside him, somehow managed to absorb all the contradictions, reincarnated many personalities, committed more crimes against himself, used dozens of names, and lost his name in the crowd. He was struck by chaos, polished by randomly, wrestled with him and wrestled with it, wrestled with it until he tamed it, and he became its brother, friend, and son.”
“There are good and bad leaders and there are good and bad people. It is much worse when a bad leader is also a bad person.”
“We judge others instantly by their clothes, their cars, their appearance, their race, their education, their social status. The list is endless. What gets me is that most people decide who another person is before they have even spoken to them. What's even worse is that these same people decide who someone else is, and don't even know who they are themselves.”
“Life Is Like A FINAL EXAM, So Work Hard For It Is, And Not A Classroom Assignment.”
“If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.”
“I knew it like destiny, and at the same time, I knew it as choice.”
“Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.”
“Faith is a route taken to trust God’s process, even if you may not fully understand His plan.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”
“The best laid schemes o' mice an' men gang aft agley.”
“Dear Leader, To climb high, you need a ladder. In order to lead, you need followers.”
“I am 1324512000 seconds old. In the cosmic blink of an eye, I will become once again cosmic dust.”
“Bow humbly to the truth of life when you see it clearly, otherwise life in its power will bring you to your knees and break your vanity.”
“We are the wolves, the hunted and the hounds. In the face of religion, we stand our ground. For too long we've been told what we should believe, But our hearts and our souls will never deceive. We reject the dogma and the fear they instill. We refuse to be bound by their holy will. We embrace our freedom, our love, and our truth. And we'll fight till the end, for the right to choose. We'll howl at the moon, and dance in the night. We'll live our lives, without fear or fright. We'll break the chains, and shatter the mold. For we are the wolves, fierce and bold. So let them come, with their crosses and their swords, We'll stand our ground, and we'll face their hoards. For we are the wolves, the hunters of our fate, and we'll never bow down, to their religious hate.”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won’t either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up.”
“The more you are receptive to learning from your mistakes, the better you can apply the lessons in your life.”
“In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life, the pricesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs.”
“When I was a kid, I had a passion too. It was poetry but I knew becoming a poet wouldn’t put food on the table. The fact that I couldn’t do anything about it made me miserable. It made me despise the world. It made me despise life.”
“To be alive, it seemed to me, as I stood there in all kinds of sorrow, was to be both original and reflection, and to be dead was to be split off, to be reflection alone.”
“Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“You may have done some terrible things in the past, but do not live a life of regrets. Move on and forgive yourself.”
“Life was not to be sitting in hot amorphic leisure in my backyard idly writing or not-writing, as the spirit moved me. It was, instead, running madly, in a crowded schedule, in a squirrel cage of busy people. Working, living, dancing, dreaming, talking, kissing - singing, laughing, learning.”
“Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.”
“I'd spent so long trying to fit in,trying to be someone i wasn't,that i had no idea who i was any more.”
“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”
“To every living being, breath is essential. To the living God, death must happen, because it is through death that He will meet His children in Heaven.”
“They might pay you to vote for them, but having a wrong government in place. You pay it with your life.”
“If you aim to be something you are not, you will always fail. Aim to be you. Aim to look and act and think like you. Aim to be the truest version of you. Embrace that you-ness. Endorse it. Love it. Work hard at it. And don't give a second thought when people mock it or ridicule it. Most gossip is envy in disguise.”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“Life makes fools of all of us sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, its our own expectations that crush us.”
“There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them”
“Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil”
“It is often said that change is good, but when is it good for us?”
“To add some human emotions in your pursuit of prosperity, making some new friends will always give you more happiness than earning money. If you blindly seek fame and wealth in the end you will realize that no matter how much money you have it will never be able to fill up the hole in your heart. You may seem like you have everything but in reality, you still have nothing.”
“If you can dream it, think about it, visualize it, then you can manifest it.”
“But I do know we’re deficient in some way. We are too involved in materialistic things, and they don’t satisfy us. The loving relationships we have, the universe around us, we take these things for granted.”
“Baby, it's all just smoke and mirrors, Since you left me in choke and shivers. Baby, it's all just crashing down, Since you let me down. Baby, it's all just wanting you around, Since you turned swound. Baby, it's all just hopeless, Since you went headless.”
“Learn from the fallen angels and enjoy this life in peace.”
“I pull my foot back again, but Four's hands clamp around my arms, and he pulls me away from her with irresistible force. I breathe through gritted teeth, staring at Molly's blood-covered face, the color deep and rich and beautiful, in a way. She groans, and I hear a gurgling in her throat, watch blood trickle from her lips. "You won," Four mutters. "Stop." I wipe the sweat from my forehead. He stares at me. His eyes too wide; they look alarmed. "I think you should leave," he says. "Take a walk." I'm fine," I say. "I'm fine now," I say again, this time for myself. I wish I could say I felt guilty for what I did. I don't.”
“She felt  how life, from being made up of little separate incidents which one lived one by one, became curled and whole like a wave which bore one up with it and threw one down with it, there, with a dash on the beach.”
“Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it ”
“Walk to the corner of a street and stop there! You never know what will come around the corner and that's exactly what life is!”
“ fool me once, shame on me…fool me twice…I deserved to get fucked over.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Take a breath, take a stance, don’t rush forward or hold back, close your eyes, and let the mind relax. As anxious feet retreat to the cuddle of melodies, begin the journey of dance and the sacred path.”
“you might want to decide fast. We live in a dangerous world. If you see a chance to be happy, you have to fight for it, so later you have no regrets.”
“Life is a game with breaking the rules.”
“A noble leader leads by example. He says what he does and does what he says.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding and keep winning.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“The simple thing behind many failures in life is to give up on the goal, thinking that all paths have been exhausted when there are other paths that have been unnoticed!”
“Don't be too happy when the light is shining above you, shadow is just a step away! Don't be too sad when you are in the darkness of the shadow, the light is just one step away!”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“Surrendering fully to God is tantamount to a back seat driver; you can yell out your suggestions all you want, but it's best if you sit back and just enjoy the ride.”
“After awhile you realize that putting your actions where your mouth is makes you less likely to have to put your money where your mouth is.”
“When leaders excel in their positions, they often exceed the expectations of their followers.”
“I don't want to live, I want to love first and live incidentally.”
“Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.”
“But love is complicated, it’s messy. It can inspire selflessness, selfishness, our greatest accomplishments and our hardest mistakes. It brings us together and it can just as easily drive us apart.”
“I'll never know, and neither will you, of the life you don't choose. We'll only know that whatever that sister life was, it was important and beautiful and not ours. It was the ghost ship that didn't carry us. There's nothing to do but salute it from the shore.”
“The single most powerful element of youth is that you don't have the life experiences to know what can't be done.”
“Some breakthroughs are limited by the barriers created by a lack of forgiveness.”
“Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?”
“But that's life. That's what you learn from; when things happen. Especially at your age. You just have to take it in and remember to think afterwards and not forget and never grow bitter.”
“It is one thing to lose people you love. It is another to lose yourself. That is a greater loss.”
“May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.”
“It takes a while, but all of us will find our path. That day is not far away.”
“Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears. "After all this time?" "Always," said Snape.”
“The central challenge facing game designers is to delay the moment until you realize it’s a complete waste of time.”
“Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.”
“Shock is a merciful condition. It allows you to get through disaster with a necessary distance between you and your feelings.”
“I walk around the school hallways and look at the people. I look at the teachers and wonder why they're here. If they like their jobs. Or us. And I wonder how smart they were when they were fifteen. Not in a mean way. In a curious way. It's like looking at all the students and wondering who's had their heart broken that day, and how they are able to cope with having three quizzes and a book report due on top of that. Or wondering who did the heart breaking. And wondering why.”
“Life is not about what you have achieved in the past. It is about what you can achieve in your lifetime. There is always room to excel at your craft. So, make good use of your time.”
“I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations — one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it — you will regret both.”
“I must talk, and you must listen, for we are engaged here in the most important pursuit in history: the search for meaning. What is the nature of being a person? What is the best way to go about being a person? How did we come to be, and what will become of us when we are no longer? In short: What are the rules of this game, and how might we best play it?”
“It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.”
“Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.”
“I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble”
“There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself.”
“Life, however simple, is hard to live. Life, however hard, is simple to live. Mindset is everything.”
“Nevertheless, life and death are mysterious states, and we know little of the resources of either.”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“All my pain, all the scars, led me to the foot of the cross. ”
“Try patting them on the back or shoulder and telling them everything is going to be fine. Lots of times when girls cry, they don't want you to fix the problem, they just want to be consoled.”
“The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.”
“Sharing tales of those we've lost is how we keep from really losing them.”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy ”
“Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.”
“You know, people ask me. They say 'Dan, three years later do you really want to be drawing cat whiskers on your face?' but they don't understand. The cat whiskers, they come from within.”
“By wanting less, you'll have more time on your sleeves. Only by wanting more, will you end up wasting your precious time on things that don't matter in life.”
“Peace isn’t dead and buried. It is only in a coma. It will spring to life again soon. Very soon”
“Anger is dangerous, and yet the only way to express yourself sometimes.”
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”
“Forgiveness is the willingness to let go of the unforgivable things and focus on your healing.”
“Focusing on positivity alone doesn't leave much room for the full range of emotions that enrich the human experience (and make having a connection with others possible).”
“People walk around feeling empty inside because they have allowed their hearts to be filled with bitterness instead of forgiveness.”
“Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.”
“Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.”
“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”
“Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.”
“Sometimes we have to let go of the life we thought we'd live and embrace the one fate brought to us.”
“Leaders stumble. Leaders fall and leaders fail sometimes. But what makes great leaders is their constant attempt at success, despite any previous failures.”
“Children, Never look Back!" and this meant that we must never allow the future to be weighed down by memory . for children have no past, and that is the whole secret of the magical innocence of their smiles.”
“After all, if you run far enough, no one can catch you.”
“A leader is best tested on their ability to handle a crisis or criticism.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“You cannot change what you are, only what you do.”
“I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.”
“There is only one sin. and that is theft  when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.”
“People," Geralt turned his head, "like to invent monsters and monstrosities. Then they seem less monstrous themselves. When they get blind-drunk, cheat, steal, beat their wives, starve an old woman, when they kill a trapped fox with an axe or riddle the last existing unicorn with arrows, they like to think that the Bane entering cottages at daybreak is more monstrous than they are. They feel better then. They find it easier to live.”
“Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.”
“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
“What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want? Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you can't plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don't happen? Do you spend your whole life pining for them? Waiting to be happy?”
“What strange phenomena we find in a great city, all we need do is stroll about with our eyes open. Life swarms with innocent monsters.”
“It takes a forgiving heart to live a fulfilling life.”
“Before you judge me, make sure you are perfect”
“This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.”
“Sometimes, it’s easier to cry than to hide the tear, And better to fight than to live in fear. Sometimes, it’s fine to be clueless of what lies ahead, And ok to spend a sleepless night in bed. Sometimes, it’s alright to be foolish, to have said that ‘No’, And ok to have held on than letting it go. Sometimes, it’s not up to one to make the choice, Sometimes, it’s just life that rolls the dice…”
“The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.”
“No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!”
“Dear Daughter, Let no one convince you otherwise. You were born to shine and that is what you must remember at all times.”
“An unseen forest is a seed hiding in the spirit of a fruit.”
“Just remember that the things you put into your head are there forever, he said. You might want to think about that. You forget some things, dont you? Yes. You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.”
“Sometimes you're trying so hard to get your life together and still it's not enough, everything is falling apart. What to do, you're asking. Just keep going through hell for yourself, not for everyone else. Richer with that wisdom, I will build my happiness from nothing. I will rise from the dust. And I will do it on my own. I will live for myself and I won’t look at the others.”
“Only connect! That was the whole of her sermon. Only connect the prose and the passion, and both will be exalted, and human love will be seen at its height. Live in fragments no longer.”
“A leader who is prepared to face the demands of the followers is worthy of leading.”
“Be a channel, not a container; a container traps life, a channel transports life.”
“Mind is a flexible mirror, adjust it, to see a better world.”
“I'm not a body with a soul, I'm a soul that has a visible part called the body.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped a few, you grasped something." I once read! [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good or bad of you; give em something to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Going back to something is harder than you think.”
“Destiny is a lie. Destiny is justification for atrocity. It is the means by which murderers armour themselves against reprimand. It is a word intended to stand in place of ethics, denying all moral context.”
“Peace is white sun reflections on summer pear trees, and ocean mist droplets defying gravity by air currents. Peace is caffeinated goodbye-kissing and velvet smiles laced with credence. Trumpet horns sound off the coming of Blue Jays, Swallows and Chickadee’s. And there is no sadness echoing within or without. There is a taste of God in every grass blade and car horn raging in the city. The stop lights are all green, and there are children playing in the fountains. A dog laps my hand, and finally—I remembered what it’s all about.”
“The teacher pulled out a pile of papers. They were Bennie’s tests and homework assignments. Mrs. Lewis said, “Ma’am, here is the proof that Bennie isn’t up to a fourth grade level. He has an F on several of these assignments. In fact, a zero grade is too high for some of Bennie’s work this last year.”
“My destination is no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing.”
“It's your own pace, race, and phase.”
“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!”
“I hurt myself in trying to keep you happy all the time.”
“Life is full of fun and happy moments.”
“Leadership is critical in every field. Hence, every field needs leaders who are passionate about transformation, not just to occupy seats and obtain titles without making efforts to honour the followers.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“See life for what it is - a blessing to be lived - rather than what it is often reduced to; a problem to be fixed.”
“If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community where you live  and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities”
“Death’s life should have listened to the moonly whispers of breathing in the coldest nights”
“When I look in the mirror, I know I’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all.”
“Don't make any opinion if you haven't correct knowledge”
“We know how it ends practically before it starts. That´s why stories appeal to us. They give us the clarity and simplicity our real lives lack".”
“Dear Daughter, The moment you discover that no one is more special than you are, you will realize your power.”
“Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.”
“We need leaders who can do their best and challenge the status quo for the sake of their followers.”
“Everything is precious in this world before you get it & after you lose it”
“Life is like a book, the more you go through it the more you learn from it.”
“all of us have a place in history. mine is clouds.”
“Forgiveness will help you realise that everything that happens in each season, is for a reason.”
“You’re like a lighthouse shining beside the sea of humanity, motionless: all you can see is your own reflection in the water. You’re alone, so you think it’s a vast, magnificent panorama. You haven’t sounded the depths. You simply believe in the beauty of God’s creation. But I have spent all this time in the water, diving deep into the howling ocean of life, deeper than anyone. While you were admiring the surface, I saw the shipwrecks, the drowned bodies, the monsters of the deep”
“For it is up to you and me to take solace in nostalgia's arms and our ability to create the everlasting from fleeting moments.”
“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.”
“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”
“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”
“We wait and think and doubt and hate. How does it make you feel? The overwhelming feeling is rage. We hate ourself for being unable to be other than what we are. Unable to be better. We feel rage. The feelings must be followed. It doesn't matter whether you're an ideologue or a sensualist, you follow the stimuli thinking that they're your signposts to the promised land. But they are nothing of the kind. What they are is rocks to navigate the past, each on your brush against, ripping you a little more open and they are always more on the horizon. But you can't face up to the that, so you force yourself to believe the bullshit of those you instinctively know are liars and you repeat those lies to yourself and to others, hoping that by repeating them often and fervently enough you'll attain the godlike status we accord those who tell the lies most frequently and most passionately. But you never do, and even if you could, you wouldn't value it, you'd realise that nobody believes in heroes any more. We know that they only want to sell us something we don't really want and keep from us what we really do need. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe we're getting in touch with our condition at last. It's horrible how we always die alone, but no worse than living alone.”
“The more you find out about life. The more you’ll be comfortable with yourself and appreciate its light.”
“Dance above the surface of the world. Let your thoughts lift you into creativity that is not hampered by opinion.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“leave everything that didn't go well today behind, and try again tomorrow!”
“I sent my Soul through the Invisible, Some letter of that After-life to spell: And by and by my Soul return'd to me, And answer'd: 'I Myself am Heav'n and Hell”
“Questions work as filters, so put some time into thinking about who you are filtering out.”
“When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.”
“Nature is God! It is my foolishness, arrogance or anger that pushes me to think or say that I can punish somebody. It is you Nature (God) who has the power to punish. I am only a mere human being whose existence is to work hard in a righteous manner. Please forgive me and give me strength, intellect and knowledge.”
“Accepting mistakes and yet repeating them is worse than making mistakes.”
“Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting a particular way  you become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.”
“I kept every letter - only to be reminded of the wrong words can cause (to the heart).”
“Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.”
“About Ukraine. The West is crying not because people are dying, they are just crying because white European people are dying. Another hand, in many parts of the world, from Palestine to Yamman, there are also people dying but nobody crying for them, no company suspending their work and no country imposing sanctions on the oppressor country.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“In my many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame, two is a law firm, and three or more is a congress.”
“Everything looks impossible initially, and then everything eases out gradually. Beginning is the key.”
“Hard is trying to rebuild yourself, piece by piece, with no instruction book, and no clue as to where all the important bits are supposed to go.”
“We need to maintain an awareness of our awareness, of what we are paying attention to, in order to discriminate between higher and lower forms of love.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision, and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“There are no do-overs in life.”
“Obligation is a prison. To get out of it, we must serve our time.”
“Life is a tightrope walk. One has to balance the do's and don'ts.”
“And I’d be lying if I didn’t take a lot of pride in what I think of as my personal superpower: the ability to accept and embrace things as they are, not as I wish they could be.”
“Forgiveness is done by those who do not want their future sabotaged by their past.”
“We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.”
“I feel you calling, in the autumn sweet transformation. I have reached my brightest green to the gold burning sun. I have folded my colours into the wind, bright colours taken to the sky. My silk has gone to moisture in the rising atmosphere and I am your colours again, deep and warm. I hear your calling and I answer, I come back to you, to slip inside the dark. Will I be found by the decaying things? Will I be found by the roots and drunk by tree and flower? Will I slip and mingle and roll along, find my way to a river and with it dance, and give myself in a sigh to the ocean? Will I scatter, a few fragments of sand – my body to glisten beneath a caress of moonlight as I make my way towards no more as I find my way to forever”
“The moment you recognize what is beautiful in this world, you stop being a slave”
“What if I mess up?" "Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me." "What's that?" "Stay alive long enough to mess up again.”
“Faith is a personal decision to encounter the power of God in your life.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always, whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“The present does exist, but inside our minds only.”
“The art of living lies in balancing the acts of life”
“It's a thrill to fulfill your own childhood dreams, but as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others is even more fun.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Life isn’t about what you get, it’s about what you DO with what you get.”
“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”
“Sometimes it's better to stop trying to make sense of things. Life isn't clear cut, there are always gray areas.”
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“Be creative, live a fun life, and don't be an asshole.”
“Dear Leader, Choose not to bleed on the people you lead. Let your own wounds remind you of the significance of supporting those in need.”
“I told her running away from your problems doesn't solve anything. Really it just hurts the people who count on you.”
“Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts  perhaps the fear of a loss of power.”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances, Be more active, Show up more often.”
“The Law of Inertia states that a body in motion will remain in motion, and a body at rest will remain at rest. In life, nothing will happen when no one will make a move”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want until you realize you did all that was required.”
“All alone I go, all alone, with the light of my inner glow. Everything is luminous now, I am not lonely anymore.”
“Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.”
“Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.”
“What had human beings become? Did war make us evil or just activate an evil already lurking within us?”
“If I had to tell you how humans made their way to Earth, it would go like this: In the beginning, there was nothing at all but the moon and the sun. And the moon wanted to come out during the day, but there was something so much brighter that seemed to fill up all those hours. The moon grew hungry, thinner and thinner, until she was just a slice of herself, and her tips were as sharp as a knife. By accident, because that is the way most things happen, she poked a hole in the night and out spilled a million stars, like a fountain of tears. Horrified, the moon tried to swallow them up. And sometimes this worked, because she got fatter and rounder.. But mostly it didn't, because there were just so many. The stars kept coming, until they made the sky so bright that the sun got jealous. He invited the stars to his side of the world, where it was always bright. What he didn't tell them, though, was that in the daytime, they'd never be seen. So the stupid ones leaped from the sky to the ground, and they froze under the weight of their own foolishness. The moon did her best. She carved each of these blocks of sorrow into a man or a woman. She spent the rest of her time watching out so that her other stars wouldn't fall. She spent the rest of her time holding onto whatever scraps she had left.”
“What I think is not necessarily, what I feel and what I feel is not necessarily, what I think.”
“Its Life Not Our Dreams”
“It reaches everyone, everywhere. In every heart, in every soul; across oceans, terrains, tribes, and race. No matter your age, or the time or place, in dance, everyone finds their home.”
“If only it were possible to love without injury – fidelity isn’t enough: I had been faithful to Anne and yet I had injured her. The hurt is in the act of possession: we are too small in mind and body to possess another person without pride or to be possessed without humiliation. In a way I was glad that my wife had struck out at me again – I had forgotten her pain for too long, and this was the only kind of recompense I could give her. Unfortunately the innocent are always involved in any conflict. Always, everywhere, there is some voice crying from a tower. ”
“When the road to your address in life is tough, you will need to roughly persist until you reach your destination.”
“ Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.”
“Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion. To attack the first is not to assail the last.”
“In some ways I’m like a picture that hasn’t been colored in yet.”
“How often, you wonder, has the direction of your life been shaped by such misunderstandings? How many opportunities have you been denied--or, for that matter, awarded--because someone failed to see you properly? How many friends have you lost, how many have you gained, because they glimpsed some element of your personality that shone through for only an instant, and in circumstances you could never reproduce? An illusion of water shimmering at the far bend of a highway.”
“Life has its ups and downs. When it feels hard and you find yourself in a corner, it may be even harder to make decisions. It is, therefore, important to seek divine help in making the right decisions because God can easily open the right doors when you follow the right steps.”
“The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.”
“Life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.”
“It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
“That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.”
“We don't bring anything into the world and we sure as shit don't take anything out.”
“Marriage is God's investment for a man and woman.”
“If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.”
“Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.”
“Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.”
“We all have to go through tough times in our life at some point or the other. It's how you deal with these hardships that will determine how successful you'll be in life.”
“Remember how it was when we kissed? Armfuls and armfuls of light thrown right at us. A rope dropping down from the sky. How can the word love and the word life even fit in the mouth?”
“If you want to make money, know the business; but if you want to make a fortune, know yourself.”
“When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“The hardest thing about the road not taken is that you never know where it might have led.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years, or decades to be alive. Yet, for them, it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Be yourself because an original is worth more than just a copy.”
“If people haven't walked a mile in your shoes, don't listen to them if they mock the sores on your feet.”
“Don't dwell on things. Don't stay in one place too long. It was the only way to stay ahead of sadness.”
“Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.”
“It is when we are confronted with poignant reminders of mortality that we become most aware of the strangeness and wonder of our brief life on Earth.”
“Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8 color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64 color boxes with the sharpeners on the back. I fancy myself to be a 64 color box, though I've got a few missing. It's okay though, because I've got some more vibrant colors like periwinkle at my disposal. I have a bit of a problem though in that I can only meet the 8 color boxes. Does anyone else have that problem? I mean there are so many different colors of life, of feeling, of articulation. So when I meet someone who's an 8 color type I'm like, hey girl, Magenta! and she's like, oh, you mean purple! and she goes off on her purple thing, and I'm like, no I want Magenta!”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Great leaders work closely with their followers, because their sole mandate is to know the needs of their followers and address those needs accordingly.”
“All oblivious to my dreams, and to my state of struggle: some would greet me, smiling at me. But some laughed the hardest, laughing at me. Some would express pity, while some expressed sympathy. Some would pretend that I wasn't even there. And those who ignored me equalled my presence to that of the debris.”
“Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.”
“The best investment in relationships is the investment of time and emotions. And often that's what people don't care about.”
“You forget all of it anyway. First, you forget everything you learned-the dates of the Hay-Herran Treaty and Pythagorean Theorem. You especially forget everything you didn't really learn, but just memorized the night before. You forget the names of all but one or two of your teachers, and eventually you'll forget those, too. You forget your junior class schedule and where you used to sit and your best friend's home phone number and the lyrics to that song you must have played a million times. For me, it was something by Simon & Garfunkel. Who knows what it will be for you? And eventually, but slowly, oh so slowly, you forget your humiliations-even the ones that seemed indelible just fade away. You forget who was cool and who was not, who was pretty, smart, athletic, and not. Who went to a good college. Who threw the best parties Who could get you pot. You forget all of them. Even the ones you said you loved, and even the ones you actually did. They're the last to go. And then once you've forgotten enough, you love someone else.”
“Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.”
“Here's a secret: Everyone, if they live long enough, will lose their way at some point. You will lose your way, you will wake up one morning and find yourself lost. This is a hard, simple truth. If it hasn't happened to you yet, consider yourself lucky. When it does, when one day you look around and nothing is recognizable, when you find yourself alone in a dark wood having lost the way, you may find it easier to blame it on someone else -- an errant lover, a missing father, a bad childhood -- or it may be easier to blame the map you were given -- folded too many times, out-of-date, tiny print -- but mostly, if you are honest, you will only be able to blame yourself. One day I'll tell my daughter a story about a dark time, the dark days before she was born, and how her coming was a ray of light. We got lost for a while, the story will begin, but then we found our way.”
“Some people are born with tornadoes in their lives, but constellations in their eyes. Other people are born with stars at their feet, but their souls are lost at sea.”
“The years, the months, the days, and the hours have flown by my open window. Here and there an incident, a towering moment, a naked memory, an etched countenance, a whisper in the dark, a golden glow these and much more are the woven fabric of the time I have lived.”
“Adam replies two days later, when I have pretty much healed up over the whole thing. It seems like that is the way the world works. You never get what you want when you are most excited and capable. What you want comes eventually, dressed in its shabbiest state, when you don't even want it anymore.”
“Life ceases to be tough when you choose to be tough and not give up in tough times.”
“The more I had of life, the less I did with it.”
“Rigidity is the greatest impediment to growth.”
“But what is life if you don't live it?”
“There is nothing perfect only life.”
“Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.”
“There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.”
“To look at the past with pride is a luxury not many people have.”
“The real life begins as soon as you leave your house.”
“Do not be desperate for attention from others. Pay attention to the things you need to let go of. Forgive!”
“Just living is not enough," said the butterfly, "one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.”
“No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.”
“Crap. It's all crap. Living is crap. Life has no meaning. None. Nowhere to be found. Crap. Why doesn't anybody realize this?”
“Everything in this world is mutually exclusive and everything has its natural enemies, so even if you are a ghost, you should still be cautious; it is better not to be too arrogant.”
“Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”
“My future is my own.”
“Life's short. Write hard.”
“Life is a privilege. Learn the power of gratitude and life will never be the same.”
“No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.”
“Experience is a harsh teacher but its lessons get tattooed into scars under our skin. Adversity is a master at disguises.”
“It's better to burn out than to fade away.”
“To be successful in your life you don't need to have all the ideas in the world but only one idea that clicks and you are done for your life”
“People always leave you when you need them the most.”
“Some things are best hidden by remaining directly in front of everyone’s eyes.”
“Try different activities to see which skill is best suitable for your success. Without variety, you'll never truly know.”
“If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.”
“Do not count how many times you have forgiven others. Count how many times God has forgiven you thus far. Then you will realize that forgiveness is being given an unmerited second chance.”
“Forgiveness has nothing to do with the person who hurt you. It has everything to do with your peace of mind.”
“The truth of Life is Death!”
“It's ok to be friends with old enemies, but never be friends with someone who claims to be your well-wisher but disrespects you. Avoid such friends like a poison pot with milk on its rim (near the mouth of the pot).”
“The best thing we learn from some people in our life is that we should never become like them.”
“It is when we think that we have it tougher than others that we develop a cynical outlook towards others’ achievements and dissatisfaction with our own.”
“We’re souls lost to a world filled with the ashes of our future. Not meant to be. Not in this lifetime.”
“When leaders are as passionate about service provision as they are about being elected into office, service provision is bound to improve.”
“After you're gone, people will forget your name, no matter how important it was, and your face, no matter how pretty it was, and what you said, no matter how clever any of it sounded. The things you've done will crumble and fade and the places you once loved, will change and be given new names. You are only here for one moment and it lasts exactly one lifetime.”
“This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.”
“Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!”
“Since she’d started teaching and become a mother, she’d felt old, but that night, she realized she wasn’t old at all. You couldn’t be old and still be wrong about as many things as she’d been wrong about, and it was a kind of immaturity to call yourself old before you were.”
“Love is the only thing that we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy.”
“The truth is, my young lady, that fate has written the script for your destiny on your forehead from the very beginning. We can't see it. But it's there. And the young, who love so passionately, have no idea how ugly this world is .This world is without compassion.”
“There is a form of injustice people often put themselves through, which is unforgiveness. Unless a person decides to forgive, they will constantly expose themselves to injustice.”
“There is a phase in which we believe in others, What they have got to say, an opinion of them on us, for us or of other things in the world. And there is you who would believe everything been said and opinionated. And then one day you realize that all these things which you were made to believe are not actually the reality, or a part of it is distorted or the wholesome is. Then you begin to think and come out of that belief and believing. You set your paths right and clear, you believe what you experience and what is to be believed with certainty. You come out of your shell and explore the sun above your head. You start believing yourself, your intuitions, and yourself!”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Gratitude and contentment don't stop you from pursuing your dreams; they keep your heart from trying to live somebody else's.”
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”
“I think the best way to deal with grief is to just keep going. To keep living your life, even though it's different now.”
“If a man fights with truth, in time, he will be victorious. If he fights with lies, after he is exposed; in time, he will be left alone.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.”
“Finding the right work is like discovering your own soul in the world.”
“Sometimes when you face hardship you think you've been buried when you've actually been planted. Keep growing.”
“Live like the water droplets on the lotus's leaves, connected yet disconnected, and be open to letting go when u have to.”
“You said you didn't want to get involved with me,that one of us would get hurt and how you couldn't bear it. Well that just isn't good enough..Look what happens to people just living their lives. They get hurt, it's not fair they get hurt but they do, all the time, no matter how careful they are. Somebody can just just come along and hurt them, for no stupid reason..”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“I missed you, Angel. Not one day went by that I didn't feel you missing from my life. You haunted me to the point that I began to believe Hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. I couldn't escape you and I didn't want to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.”
“Happiness is not the absence of sorrow, happiness is the capacity to overcome sorrow.”
“Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.”
“The possibilities of life are indeed novel and seemingly my life has crystallized itself in my body of work before death could dissipate it.”
“Ask the Lord, your fortress to grant you the grace to forgive.”
“Excellent leaders are always mindful that they represent the masses and not themselves.”
“Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the truth, maybe I didn't want things to turn abstract, but I felt I should say it, because this was the moment to say it, because it suddenly dawned on me that this was why I had come, to tell him 'You are the only person I'd like to say goodbye to when I die, because only then will this thing I call my life make any sense. And if I should hear that you died, my life as I know it, the me who is speaking with you now, will cease to exist.”
“Because there was a hunger in me to see everything and do everything. I wanted to be everyone I saw. I wasn't enough for me. Can you understand that?”
“Don't care to be honest with people who have labeled you a liar.”
“You must be shapeless, formless, like water. When you pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can crash. Become like water my friend.”
“You move forward. You face up to your challenges. You don't retreat. You're young, and sometimes you'll wish you could. But don't.”
“  you don't have to wait for someone to treat you bad repeatedly. All it takes is once, and if they get away with it that once, if they know they can treat you like that, then it sets the pattern for the future.”
“When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem. Robert Greene rephrase: When you meet a swordsman, draw your sword. Do not recite poetry to one who is not a poet.”
“When you learn to forgive those who maltreat you, you will feel good.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“A risk taker doesn't seek comfort or security first. Daring must become your motto if you want to take risks in life.”
“Life is better when you treat it like an examination. In an examination, you do not just write anything based on how you feel; you are expected to answer the examiner's questions.”
“Life is for the living. Death is for the dead. Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.”
“No saint, no sinner, no angel, no demon look to the sky, look at the ground between the two, In the middle is us. now, strong wind and after, a friendly breeze, hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, amidst Birth and Death, acrobats.”
“Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were heading for shore.”
“You don't live while breathe, you live while enjoys”
“You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, though all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last.”
“You have to bow down for getting stable in hard situations..”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“There is no time without change and there is no life without time. Not believing in time is also not believing in change.”
“There is an ecstasy that marks the summit of life, and beyond which life cannot rise. And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive. This ecstasy, this forgetfulness of living, comes to the artist, caught up and out of himself in a sheet of flame; it comes to the soldier, war-mad in a stricken field and refusing quarter; and it came to Buck, leading the pack, sounding the old wolf-cry, straining after the food that was alive and that fled swiftly before him through the moonlight.”
“Forget about understanding others. There are times when we don't even understand ourselves.”
“If you want to turn your life around, start enjoying the little things in life with a big, big smile.”
“Sometimes life doesn't make any sense to you; this sounds very weird to you! But the truth of the matter is this: Sometimes if life makes sense to you then you have to see it as something weird!”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“So it is that God tugs at a pilgrim's sleeve telling him to remember that he is only human. He must be his own man, remain in exile, and belong to himself. He must pay attention to his own feelings and to the meaning of what he does, if he is to be for himself, and yet for others as well.”
“It was warm and safe and happy-but it wasn't me. [Cassandra Hobbes]”
“For to be a next event. It depends on this current event success.”
“Be hopeful, it may not change your life, but it will help you to feel better about your life.”
“Life is like your favorite meal. Enjoy it until it's gone!”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“Dear Daughter, Stand for what you believe in, as long as your beliefs do not disregard the fundamental principles of life.”
“Happiness and pain are two sides of the same coin.”
“I am made up of fragments of poetry glued together hoping one day to become art.”
“Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.”
“If you Seek you shall Find  Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“Let go of any pain inflicted upon you, intentionally or unintentionally. Forgive completely.”
“Voici mon secret. Il est très simple: on ne voit bien qu'avec le cœur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.”
“Unbeing dead isn't being alive.”
“Take any emotion—love for a woman, or grief for a loved one, or what I’m going through, fear and pain from a deadly illness. If you hold back on the emotions—if you don’t allow yourself to go all the way through them—you can never get to being detached, you’re too busy being afraid. You’re afraid of the pain, you’re afraid of the grief. You’re afraid of the vulnerability that loving entails. “But by throwing yourself into these emotions, by allowing yourself to dive in, all the way, over your head even, you experience them fully and completely. You know what pain is. You know what love is. You know what grief is. And only then can you say, ‘All right. I have experienced that emotion. I recognize that emotion. Now I need to detach from that emotion for a moment’.”
“And when you look at the sky you know you are looking at stars which are hundreds and thousands of light-years away from you. And some of the stars don’t even exist anymore because their light has taken so long to get to us that they are already dead, or they have exploded and collapsed into red dwarfs. And that makes you seem very small, and if you have difficult things in you life it is nice to think that they are what is called negligible, which means they are so small you don’t have to take them into account when you are calculating something.”
“Having the right to happiness means having the right to earn it, not having it given to you without effort and action on your part.”
“I began to understand that suffering and disappointments and melancholy are there not to vex us or cheapen us or deprive us of our dignity but to mature and transfigure us.”
“We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.”
“Even seasonal situations can bring with them lessons that last a lifetime. If the love doesn’t last, it prepares you for the one that will.”
“When life hands you lemons say, "Lemons? What else have you got?" - bumper sticker”
“Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always find it.”
“Everything is in flux and you know the reason why. This noisy world wouldn’t let us live within us even for a while. We just push on, no matter the cost.”
“We are all such broken children acting like adults.”
“By following the teamwork of the bees, let us work at our assigned positions and never give up on them in times of difficulty; until the desired results are achieved.”
“Being a reader has brought me much joy, laughter, and rich experience. But reading has also wounded me. The sacrament of reading has plowed me open and sown seeds of empathy that have taken root in deep soil. Over the years, reading has caused me to grow from a shallow, self-absorbed youth to one who seeks out the pain of the world. Reading has burdened me with the welfare of my fellow human, but sometimes the burden proves too heavy for my narrow shoulders.”
“If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn't make it so. Words and thoughts don’t change anything. Language and reality are kept strictly apart — reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn't care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn't. You deal with it, and you get on with your life.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“Bring something incomprehensible into the world!”
“Dear Daughter, Resist the urge to compare your life with that of someone else. You are one of a kind in this universe. Do not walk in reverse. You ought to exude confidence.”
“A person who understands the meaning of life will always welcome all the unexpected events whole-heartedly”
“It's not how others see you which matters, it's how you see yourself.”
“And the memories of all we have loved stay and come back to us in the evening of our life. They are not dead but sleep, and it is well to gather a treasure of them.”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“A feeling in every muscle of the body moves. Why does passion then want to roar? Spice up the moment and make dance your home.”
“We are unusual and tragic and alive.”
“Unbecome everything that's not helping you become your best self.”
“But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? I miss God. I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. I still don't think of God as my betrayer. The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. I miss God who was my friend. I don't even know if God exists, but I do know that if God is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. I have an idea that one day it might be possible, I thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. If the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, I might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup. As it is, I can't settle, I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and know that love is as strong as death, and be on my side for ever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me. There are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. Naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. But on the wild nights who can call you home? Only the one who knows your name. Romantic love has been diluted into paperback form and has sold thousands and millions of copies. Somewhere it is still in the original, written on tablets of stone. I would cross seas and suffer sunstroke and give away all I have, but not for a man, because they want to be the destroyer and never the destroyed.”
“The young always have the same problem - how to rebel and conform at the same time. They have now solved this by defying their parents and copying one another.”
“We'd start slow, the way we always did, because the run, and the game, could go on for awhile. Maybe even forever. That was the thing. You just never knew. Forever was so many different things. It was always changing, it was what everything was really all about. It was twenty minutes, or a hundred years, or just this instant, or any instant I wished would last and last. But there was only one truth about forever that really mattered, and that was this: it was happening. Right then, as I ran with Wes into that bright sun, and every moment afterwards. Look, there. Now. Now. Now.”
“A veil hangs between the two opposites, a mere slip of a thing that is transparent to warn us or comfort us. You hate now but look through this veil and see the possibility of love; you're sad now but look through to the other side and see happiness. Absolute composure to a complete mess - it happens so quickly, all in the blink of an eye.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“It is amazing how much the human spirit can stand of loss and panic. What gives us the courage to go on?”
“All sacrifice and suffering is redemptive. It is used to either teach the individual or to help others. Nothing is by chance.”
“Never forget that every moment is a miracle. That's the goal of spirituality, to never forget that.”
“Internal bleeding is more dangerous even joy becomes a burden when you can't love.”
“Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go. Maybe happiness was just a matter of the little upticks- the traffic signal that said "Walk" the second you go there- and downticks- the itch tag at the back of your collar- that happened to every person in the course of the day. Maybe everybody had the same allotted measure of happiness within each day. maybe it didn't matter if you were a world-famous heartthrob or a painful geek. Maybe it didn't matter if your friend was possibly dying. Maybe you just got through it. Maybe that was all you could ask for.”
“Please go for your dreams. Whatever your ideals, you can become whatever you want to become.”
“Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”
“I don't like hearing words that might trigger me, but people really want to test me. I wish I could shut my mouth when I hear voices inside my head. I didn't mean to say hurtful words. I only wanted my words to be heard.”
“Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.”
“Life is a mess of actions and emotions, a chaotic orb of unknown order, a fuse of color and the void.”
“You live it forward, but understand it backward.”
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”
“Everyone deserves respect, kindness and love, but happiness well, that's entirely up to you.”
“Your evolve happens at the rate and quality of your involve.”
“Leadership is not about occupying the front seat. It is being at the forefront of the struggle to free people from whatever is troubling them.”
“And having once chosen, never to seek to return to the crossroads of that decision-for even if one chooses wrongly, the choice cannot be unmade.”
“Do not entertain evil. Let it go and forgive.”
“I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard. I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more. I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits”
“Teach your heart to forgive every day. It will help your mind to find peace always.”
“If you want attention or engagement on social media. Say anything about men or to men. The word men is used as a trigger these days.”
“How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour, and that one, is what we are doing. A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time. A schedule is a mock-up of reason and order—willed, faked, and so brought into being; it is a peace and a haven set into the wreck of time; it is a lifeboat on which you find yourself, decades later, still living.”
“I don't expect life to make sense," he said after a few moments, "but it could certainly be pleasant if it would stop kicking us in the balls.”
“There is always a touch of magic in every miracle and a touch of miracle in every magical trick.”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“Successful leaders are truthful about what they do, because they know they can never succeed if they take shortcuts by lying to their followers.”
“Come clean with a child heart Laugh as peaches in the summer wind Let rain on a house roof be a song Let the writing on your face be a smell of apple orchards on late June.”
“Forgiveness is a bold step taken by those who seek to free themselves from the prison of the soul.”
“It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”
“Love doesn't want people to stay ignorant and frightened. Love doesn't value obedience over all else. Love doesn't judge and find some lives--or loves--more valuable than others. Love doesn't use people and throw them away. Love stays, and makes you stronger, even when the person you love is gone.”
“If you don't take action today you are failing to reach your goals and ultimately failing to create your life as you imagined it would be. You, me, or anyone out there, no one is aware of their future but what they are aware of is their present along with their preparation. You would need to build yourself brick by brick, growing your wall measuring feet after feet by laying a strong foundation of belief within yourself that no flood can wash away your dreams. You fall, you brush up, you get up, you look forward and rise back!”
“Everyone and Everything you love becomes a part of who you are. You just never realize how much until they are gone.”
“The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." - Socrates”
“Pain is part of the process as you walk through the corridors of this world. If not inflicted by one person, it will be inflicted by another, or even worse, by yourself. You cannot avoid that fact. As long as you live, you will somehow be subjected to pain. That is why you need to learn to forgive so that you will not dwell in the pain of unforgiveness.”
“Some people claim that a friend is worth more than a brother and others say the opposite, a brother is worth more than a mere friend. But in our case, we are both brothers and friends.”
“You hate me for being me. I also hate myself for being me. I hope that I am not me. Being me doesn't mean I am feeling me. I sometimes don't know why I'm acting this way. I hope I can go far away. ”
“If she gave yo now, without confronting Hal, it would all have been for nothing. He would continue to live in a world without consequences, a world where men like him hurt girls like her, then shook them off like they were dust underneath their shoes ..”
“Sometimes the hardest part isn't letting go but rather learning to start over.”
“Because horror on Earth is real and it is every day. It is like a flower or like the sun; it cannot be contained.”
“People aren't born social. Sure it comes easier to some people but most people, like you, need to work at it. Some more than others. You're just inexperienced.”
“Life can be tricky, especially when surrounded by tricksters.”
“Self-Talk is the most important conversation of your life.”
“They're the people sitting on carpeted floors in their padded, imported socks, opening presents handed to them by fate, by luck, by whatever perverse force that allowed humans to be born not equal. And I wanted sooo badly, to have a taste of those gifts through the women who opened them.”
“When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.”
“Forgiveness is about looking at the one who oppressed you and letting them know you are taking back your power.”
“If you do not have control over your mouth, you will not have control over your future.”
“You'll have a good, secure life when being alive means more to you than security, love more than money, your freedom more than public or partisan opinion, when the mood of Beethoven's or Bach's music becomes the mood of your whole life … when your thinking is in harmony, and no longer in conflict, with your feelings … when you let yourself be guided by the thoughts of great sages and no longer by the crimes of great warriors … when you pay the men and women who teach your children better than the politicians; when truths inspire you and empty formulas repel you; when you communicate with your fellow workers in foreign countries directly, and no longer through diplomats ”
“A parents wishes for their children shouldn't be to be as good as them but to surpass their own abilities and hopefully lead to a better world.”
“Being fully alive requires participating in life completely- you must involve yourself in life with your whole self.”
“If you are waiting for the perfect spouse, you are waiting for the perfect disappointment.”
“You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”
“Become smooth like water, for getting passed from every conditions ”
“How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”
“Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.”
“Build an empire and make it a brand.”
“Materialistic success is a lonely place.”
“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”
“You must live life with the full knowledge that your actions will remain. We are creatures of consequence.”
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”
“Ego is the worst Master. Humility, the best teacher.”
“Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.”
“I wish we could sometimes love the characters in real life as we love the characters in romances. There are a great many human souls whom we should accept more kindly, and even appreciate more clearly, if we simply thought of them as people in a story.”
“No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.”
“Sometimes we use the value that someone else gives us to determine the worth of ourselves and wonder why we fall short. When we cease listening to our own soul, we give our power away.”
“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”
“The strongest, toughest men all have compassion. They're not heartless and cold. You have to be man enough to have compassion - to care about people and about your children" (217) - John Singleton "Oh Man, I've Become My Father”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also .but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“If this book has a lesson, it is that we are awfully lucky to be here-and by 'we' I mean every living thing. To attain any kind of life in this universe of ours appears to be quite an achievement. As humans we are doubly lucky, of course: We enjoy not only the privilege of existence but also the singular ability to appreciate it and even, in a multitude of ways, to make it better. It is a talent we have only barely begun to grasp.”
“Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.”
“They both listened silently to the water, which to them was not just water, but the voice of life, the voice of Being, the voice of perpetual Becoming.”
“We remember the past, live in the present, and write the future.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.”
“Even in the fiercest battles the Butterflies and Bee's still kiss the flowers.”
“If after I die, people want to write my biography, there is nothing simpler. They only need two dates: the date of my birth and the date of my death. Between one and another, every day is mine.”
“It is best to lose everything than only gain for yourself, with others in need." -Philip Hamill, Sr.”
“God inspires us with wisdom when we seek His humility for elevation in Obedience”
“Transformational leadership does not only transform the life of the leader, but also the lives of those who are being led.”
“Life is an opportunity to rise above our ignorance towards knowledge, comprehension, education & intelligence before the sun of life sets.”
“Causes of suicide are cheaper than life.”
“There exists many heavy hardships that life presents to us but we must have the courage to conquer.”
“Autumn is a place where words fall short. It is a magic that must be felt, breathed, experienced, and treasured.”
“People, in general, would rather die than forgive. It's that hard.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine bright. You are a child of the light!”
“You're both the fire and the water that extinguishes it. You're the narrator, the protagonist, and the sidekick. You're the storyteller and the story told. You are somebody's something, but you are also your you.”
“Life is not about how many times you can dodge the waves, it’s about how well you can swim in choppy waters.”
“If you are paying money to see how other people are living. Then know that you are privileged.”
“I will continue my path, but I will keep a memory always.”
“I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying. I don't want to live on in the hearts of my countrymen; I want to live on in my apartment.”
“When we stay locked up in the spectrum of unsolved life stories and keep hiding in an arcane prism, life remains a mystery behind perpetual tensions and a journey in a world beyond appearances. (“Une femme peut en cacher une autre")”
“I need to be willing to play the game. I need to be willing to put myself out there, and be vulnerable, and take chances, even though I might lose.”
“His talent was as natural as the pattern that was made by the dust on a butterfly's wings. At one time he understood it no more than the butterfly did and he did not know when it was brushed or marred. Later he became conscious of his damaged wings and of their construction and he learned to think and could not fly any more because the love of flight was gone and he could only remember when it had been effortless.”
“Memories are of the ethereal, and not the material world, that is how I know I am forever.”
“Forget about the person who hurt you. Remember why you need to forgive.”
“I can choose either to be a victim of the world or an adventurer in search of treasure. It's all a question of how I view my life.”
“The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.”
“No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born.”
“Your looks and physical appearance will decide your present. Your vision and status will decide your future.”
“Some sicknesses can be eliminated if bitterness is eradicated and forgiveness is appreciated.”
“The Christmas after Mom & Dad split up, they both went crazy buying us presents. Matt, Jonny, and I were showered with gifts at home and at Dads apartment. I thought that was great. I was all in favor of my love being paid for with presents. This year all I got was a diary and a secondhand watch. Okay, I know this is corny, but this really is what Christmas is all about.”
“The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”
“When my breath stops. I really don’t care if you bury me or burn me but fire a thousand bullets”.”
“Jealousy stings, envy poisons, anger harms, and hate murders.”
“Try to being a 'Spider' in life, because spider always climb after he falls!”
“Just like a tree, we carry a perfect glare but deep down our roots lie in vain.”
“What science does not understand is called psychology, what psychology does not understand is called religion, what religion does not understand is called spirituality, what spirituality does not understand is called creation, what creation does not understand is called life, what life does not understand is called the death. There is nothing that the death does not understand—simply, it is an ultimate end of life.”
“Bitter truth about money Money can't buy you everything. True !! But the whole needs of your life, bread, food, home, medicine, education—nobody gifts you your whole life, nor is it free. Money is not so important.Yeh, absolutely right. Ohhh but it's just controlling, ruling, and running the whole world. And every second of life depends on this unimportant thing. Every bad thing happens just because of money. Problems in relationships, problems in nature, proud behavior, right? HUMAN..Human is evil; he needs something to blame for all his crimes.Money is an object and an easy, soft target. What's important in life? Money or love? The answer is simple. Love inspired to build the Taj Mahal. and Money fulfilled the dream. After all, we must learn to be happy in situations where we are. God is with One Who knows patient”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“Change the world, I know I won’t, Enthralling as always I hope it remains, A kaleidoscope of joy, sorrow and pain. But my only wish as I take this jaunt, Is for my words on you to impress upon, A smile, a tear or even an angry frown.”
“Our journey has not been easy, but it has been worth it. By facing our own traumas and biases, we have been able to better understand and love the diverse world around us.”
“I don’t know what afflicts me now. Indecisiveness? Reluctance? Fear of being vulnerable? I am not a coward, at least. Fear isn’t equivalent to cowardice. Even a soldier deployed at the border fears bullet, which is exactly why he is able to dodge the enemy and eliminate them.”
“Everything has boundaries. The same holds true with thought. You shouldn't fear boundaries, but you should not be afraid of destroying them. That's what is most important if you want to be free: respect for and exasperation with boundaries.”
“If you are beautiful on the outside, people's eyes are on you but if you are beautiful on the inside, people's hearts are on you.”
“I think LIFE would be bored to death trying to carry on without me. Immortality is the only cure.”
“If all the women over the world have been permitted to be married to only one man, except one woman. He'd love to marry that woman. That is the imprint of man”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more ”
“As a woman, it takes courage to age.”
“Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.”
“I am a fashion person, and fashion is not only about clothes -- it's about all kinds of change”
“In the end things must be as they are and have always been--the great things remain for the great, the abysses for the profound, the delicacies and thrills for the refined, and, to sum up shortly, everything rare for the rare.”
“fight for what you believe in, for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”
“Writing like this is a little like milking a cow: the milk is so rich and delicious, and the cow is so glad you did it.”
“If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.”
“The best version of life is better expressed in a movie. There the outcomes are more certain.”
“Do not be left behind because of unforgiveness. Forgive and let everything that pulls you backwards remain in the past.”
“Power is useless without boundaries and the self-discipline to use it.”
“Failure understands everything that success doesn’t even recognize.”
“The Vehicle of Life's Journey is Spiritual.”
“ how horrible and beautiful it is, that our eyes blur the truth when we can't bear to see it.”
“Be an inspiration to others even at your bad will because 60% of life achievement comes from the the pay-back of inspiring others.”
“Your future is in direct proportion to what you do in the present.”
“If you're living a good life, the most important question here is: Did you deserve it? If you're living a bad life, the most important question here is: Did you deserve it?”
“Your decisions are not yours, if the acceptance of another person affects them.”
“My love is pizza shaped. Won’t you have a slice? It’s circular, so there’s enough to go around. ”
“Progress just means bad things happen faster.”
“Because the parenting IS the most difficult job in the world! Our children need our Love, but also our support within this amazing matrix of choices. They need us to guide them towards Healthy Foods, Healthy Habits, Inspiring Activities, Life Enriching Friends, etc.’ Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids body mind soul”
“Don't assume the world to be only bad, only good, or only worse. As the matter of fact is, there are good people, then there are bad people and finally, there are worse people in every walk of life and experience. Let your story be told through the wisdom of life.”
“If you focus on people who hate you, want to discredit you, and yet wish to be you, you encourage the negativity in the universe”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“We are nothing but supporting characters in an endless novel, not essential, not consequential. just there for the sake of it.”
“I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.”
“The failures of past leaders must never be used to deny the current leadership a chance to lead. Current leaders must never be judged due to the mistakes of their predecessors, but by their impact.”
“I want an infinitely blank book and the rest of time   why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time, my greatest regret is how much I believed in the future.”
“Beauty is not what we see, it can be an illusion of eyes Beauty is what we can feel.”
“When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. -Henny Youngman, comedian and violinist (1906-1998)”
“Stay true to yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.”
“I learned that it is important to be true to yourself. Many people do whatever society tells them to do. They’ve lost themselves. I grew up with Confucian values, and they are limiting. I focused only on work and making a living. But I’m old now. Remember not to lose who you are.”
“Dear Daughter, In this world, you are the main actor in the life you have. Do not act as an extra. You need to take the lead. Live your life in a meaningful way.”
“Sometimes it takes a meltdown to cool down.”
“People who believe in you will never doubt your capabilities.”
“Life was simpler, too, if one did not think too hard. -The Burning Soul”
“Dear Daughter, Do not dance in the mud if you want to make your mark.”
“Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.”
“You doan go diggin' for gold in an outhouse.”
“Perhaps it would be simpler if you just did what you're told and didn't try to understand things.”
“I’m cool with those people who don’t give a fock about me, they are not going to hate on you, “it’s those muthafockas who don’t like you; it is better to pay attention to”. -MillYentei”
“In this lifetime we meet and part like passing clouds”
“How unhappy are those who keep missing the old days.”
“Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.”
“I've got nothing to do today but smile.”
“You can't defame someone who isn't worried about fame.”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to transpire the way that it did. The best thing that you can do is to extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. Which will, in turn, help you attract experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”
“Once in a while, you have to be self-centred, and forgive yourself.”
“Be proud of the work you are skilled at because no task is small and no job isn’t enough, every seed sown is a blessing for each one of us.”
“Master, go on, and I will follow thee To the last gasp with truth and loyalty.”
“Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.”
“Don't be afraid to be confused. Try to remain permanently confused. Anything is possible. Stay open, forever, so open it hurts, and then open up some more, until the day you die, world without end, amen.”
“The stitch ripper is your friend. Be one with the stitch ripper ”
“If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.”
“Death plays the most important part of our lives. He keeps everything in order and gives the devil some credit, for being our spiritual policeman.”
“I've been embarrassing myself since about birth.”
“The lines in your hand, that foretell your future, is drawn by you.”
“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it. If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less. You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here. Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”
“The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“To find a mountain path all by oneself gives a greater feeling of strength than to take a path that is shown.”
“So now you must choose  Are you a child who has not yet become world-weary? Or are you a philosopher who will vow never to become so? To children, the world and everything in it is new, something that gives rise to astonishment. It is not like that for adults. Most adults accept the world as a matter of course. This is precisely where philosophers are a notable exception. A philosopher never gets quite used to the world. To him or her, the world continues to seem a bit unreasonable - bewildering, even enigmatic. Philosophers and small children thus have an important faculty in common. The only thing we require to be good philosophers is the faculty of wonder…”
“Success is a flower that doesn't grow in everyone's garden”
“A man who does not know his weaknesses will never understand his strength.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“The true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity.”
“That's what I love about Aibileen, she can take the most complicated things in life and wrap them up so small and simple, they'll fit right in your pocket.”
“Time, she does not protest in her passing.”
“You have wakened not out of sleep, but into a prior dream, and that dream lies within another, and so on, to infinity, which is the number of grains of sand. The path that you are to take is endless, and you will die before you have truly awakened.”
“The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.”
“To become a leader, you must also be prepared to act like the best slave who never rests or sleeps.”
“We are only in control of our actions not their ripples.”
“Life is not chewing gum. You have to accept the sweetness and the tastelessness.”
“If you want to be a doormat you have to lay yourself down first.”
“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“What do you say when you feel your life is taken right from your chest, even though I miraculously find myself still breathing?”
“Where'd the days go, when all we did was play? And the stress that we were under wasn't stress at all just a run and a jump into a harmless fall”
“I journey through life daily, embracing love from where I can and giving love to whom I can.”
“Life is a sort of a debtors' prison where we are all playthings of fortune”
“The magic of each day lives in the unknown. It's waking up as one person, and accepting that when night falls, we may be someone else entirely. So, when you ask what my story is, forgive me----I'm not quite sure yet.”
“Man cannot do any work alone,”
“Don't ever live vicariously. This is your life. Live.”
“If this were a novel, I'd stop reading right now. I'd throw it across the room.”
“Happiness doesn't mean checking all the boxes, Happiness means to stop putting life in boxes.”
“Life is very simple and everything is crystal clear. Only our thoughts are complex and vision, blurred.”
“I had a dream about you. You were an escalator, and I was a flight of stairs. You thought I was a Luddite, and I thought I was as ostrich, because I hadn’t figured out how to put the fly in flight. One day you broke down, and then you saw that you and I weren’t so different after all.”
“When you are weak, forgive. When you are broken, forgive. When you are betrayed, forgive. Forgiveness is the only way you can find strength and peace. Unforgiveness will cause you to relinquish power to the enemy.”
“I envy people that know love. That have someone who takes them as they are.”
“Bad things happen to the best of people, and we cannot let them overwhelm us. Life doesn’t always work out the way we plan, but it does work out in the end.”
“I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.”
“Some people say you pick up the Dirty Boogie where you left it off. Others say you pick it up where you would have been had you never gotten off it.”
“I can chase you, and I can catch you, but there is nothing I can do to make you mine.”
“The grave and the toilet never sleeps hangry , eventhough they don't toil for their food.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it.”
“Since our education system only teaches “their facts” who will teach them the truth and how to think?”
“Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.”
“Effective leaders are never afraid of the task ahead, because they know they will do whatever it takes to achieve their set goals.”
“Don’t use your own gauge to measure the world. You’re always trying too hard to get to the answer in a straight line.”
“I finally figured out that not every crisis can be managed. As much as we want to keep ourselves safe, we can't protect ourselves from everything. If we want to embrace life, we also have to embrace chaos.”
“If you want to be what you are not, you must do that which you have not heretofore done!”
“A real human being does not recognize people by money but by personality.”
“Dear Daughter, Excellence is hard to ignore—excel in what you do and people will notice.”
“Is this thing safe?" "Safe as life," Gansey replied.”
“Don't worry about being slow, we all fasten up with Confidence!”
“The fights that you have with yourself are the worst.”
“Forgiveness is an extension of grace to someone who does not even deserve that grace.”
“But then it occured to him that any progress he had made on his quest so far he had made by accepting the help that had been offered to him.”
“Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“Do you think the storm is fearless? Oh, you ignorant! Don't you know, only immortal things don't know fear! Storm goes around in a panic to live his short life well, just like us humans! It is fear, the fear of the brevity of time that pushes us and the storm, to live life immediately in panic!”
“You have the ability to choose your reactions.”
“In life, God is like the director of a film. He knows when to change scenes. Do not just rewrite the script without consulting Him. It is crucial to listen to what He directs you to do in Spirit. That being said, remember that life is not a film. You cannot repeat or undo scenes. There will be no audience to watch all the time, but He will. So, whatever you do, do it knowing that He who is unseen is watching.”
“Maybe a person is just made up of a lot of people," I say. "Maybe we're accumulating these new selves all the time.”
“My son, I will love you unconditionally no matter what you do. I pray you choose wisely, and that you are always safe. But what I want most, is that whatever you decide and become, that you are a good example to others. That is what would comfort me. This, I believe, is your responsibility in life. I want you to own that responsibility and I want you to live that responsibility.”
“Single is not a status, it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.”
“There are ships sailing to many ports, but not a single one goes where life is not painful.”
“I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.”
“Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.”
“Your life will take better shape if you are willing to find wisdom and have the courage to climb the highest mountains.”
“He lay back, put his arm over his eyes, and tried to hold onto the anger, because the anger made him feel brave. A brave man could think. A coward couldn't.”
“There's a race of men that don't fit in, A race that can't sit still; So they break the hearts of kith and kin, And they roam the world at will. They range the field and rove the flood, And they climb the mountain's crest; Their's is the curse of the gypsy blood, And they don't know how to rest.”
“To put meaning in one's life may end in madness, But life without meaning is the torture Of restlessness and vague desire-- It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.”
“Be noble like the sun; let even those who resent you for shinning benefit from your warmth.”
“To experience heaven on earth, all it takes is one dance. No matter what, take the chance, move forward, freedom will finally be within grasp.”
“Sometimes - by being sure of defeating you - a force attacks you unexpectedly! When you show it that it can’t defeat you, you continue on your way with greater strength by adding the power of the power you defeated to your soul!”
“You can only be close to yourself when you live far away from your arrogance.”
“Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.”
“God and the universe are really interchangeable words. The universe loves us, God loves us. Have faith in the universe, have faith in God. It's all the same. If God is everywhere then God is the universe and you don't have to believe in God to believe in the universe.”
“It's very easy to find happiness. Just grab a bottle of your favorite drink, devour foods that give you so much comfort and stress-relief, go for a run (happy hormones), or watch an NBA championship game at ringside! It's as instant as microwaveable foods! But joy is a different thing. Joy takes time to build, but it's worth the time. And one of the best ways to find joy in life is by discovering and living out our purpose - the reason why we've been put on this Earth! There's something about being in one's purpose and living it out.”
“Words are oxygen to the brain.”
“High ego is often the side-effect of low self-esteem.”
“If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.”
“You end up hurting yourself every time you use your energy to prove a point”
“Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched ”
“He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.”
“It broke her heart that the boy she loved was taken so tragically and so unexpectedly. She never got to say goodbye. She wished she could sit with him, talk to him, and hear his voice one last time. She would sacrifice anything to hug him and kiss him once more. The moment she lost Robert in that fateful accident, it was as if she had lost her reason for living, and she felt her life begin to race tragically towards its inevitable end.”
“Great leaders comprehend that they will always face problems. That is why they put on their leadership hats with no fear of any problem that presents itself.”
“Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.”
“Failure is a part of life. Success teaches you nothing, but failure teaches you resilience. It teaches you to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Breaking: Keep breaking, For this is where living truly lies, In all those dark places, That held those lost and weary cries, Because it's through all the breaking where your roots of strength are found, Through all the mending, Light gives way, and you smash fresh ground. Darling, let it break so you can let it go, And you'll find the surge of healing power through the fiery skin of your soul.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Time management is about life management.”
“ I started to realize how many great things could happen by confronting the things that scare you most.”
“When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms. When it is over, I don't want to wonder if I have made of my life something particular, and real. I don't want to find myself sighing and frightened, or full of argument. I don't want to end up simply having visited this world.”
“You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world. (Matthew 5:14, The Message)”
“You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.”
“Forgiveness is a daily task. It is refusing to go to bed every day with a grudge.”
“Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.”
“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
“Necessity is the mother of invention.”
“Even After All this time The Sun never says to the Earth, "You owe me." Look What happens With a love like that, It lights the whole sky.”
“You'll never be alone in tough times, if you are genuinely a good-hearted person.”
“You had a choice: you could either strain and look at things that appeared in front of you in the fog, painful as it might be, or you could relax and lose yourself”
“Wisdom is required not for immortality, but for recreation”
“In my end is my beginning.”
“Do you know what your problem is? You can't live with the idea that someone might leave.”
“Emotional illiterates, who don’t recognize the sound of a broken heart, will never be able to hear the subtle vibrations of love reverberating through the rustling flora of life. ("Love as dizzy as a cathedral”)”
“When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.”
“We have no future because our present is too volatile. We have only risk management. The spinning of the given moment's scenarios. Pattern recognition.”
“An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.”
“We are born to pay our early debts..”
“Sometimes you wonder why life is been so hard on you. You're not in the wrong place, it's just that life takes turn. When it's your turn, everything will be like a miracle.”
“Dreams are hopeful because they exist as pure possibility. Unlike memories, which are fossils, long dead and buried deep.”
“Time and Energy are the most precious assets in life, If you are investing them in something, always make sure that your reward will be higher than your capability of thinking.”
“Every student must choose one of two pains; the pain of self-discipline or the pain of regret of neglected opportunities.”
“The whole house seemed to exhale a melancholy breath of emptiness”
“In reality, we do not believe in reality, we believe in the illusion of reality.”
“Without heart there is little content and much discontent.”
“Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED.”
“The best chapter of your life begins after the end of a painful relationship.”
“Life must not be a novel that is given to us, but one that is made by us. ”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“There's always another storm. It's the way the world works. Snowstorms, rainstorms, windstorms, sandstorms, and firestorms. Some are fierce and others are small. You have to deal with each one separately, but you need to keep an eye on whats brewing for tomorrow.”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“Some friends may want to show their dominance over you. Thread lightly.”
“The sensation of movement guides and heals, for there is no other medicine like a dance that magnifies what you feel.”
“Every seed has a story, but only the ones that make it from the ground get to tell theirs.”
“What could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it”
“Woman is not like a flower Woman is not like Moon Woman is not like stars Woman is not like ocean or river She is like you human being with soul, feelings, emotions, choices, decisions, self-respect so respect her in that way”
“It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.”
“If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like.”
“Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out.”
“When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.”
“The world is a room of heavy furniture. Eventually you are allowed to leave.”
“Be known for your kindness and sympathy, for a kind gesture can heal a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.”
“Lightning. Once it has forked, hot-white, from sky to earth, there is no going back”
“The lions are deadly when they are in silent mode.”
“Love doesn’t have to be on Valentine’s Day. It doesn’t have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn’t have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn’t have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day. It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirt. It just has to be.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band, go with you to New York. But if you need me to go away, I'll do that, too. I was talking to Liz and she said maybe coming back to your old life would be too painful, that maybe it'd be easier for you to erase us. And that would suck, but I'd do it. I can lose you like that if I don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.”
“Love isn't something to be given on whim, or shelved when it isn't convenient. Love is gift, a promise, and a belief in another person. If you treat it as such, it will fulfill you always”
“We shouldn't live as if [other worlds] mattered more than this life in this world, because where we are is always the most important place.”
“Remember, it is YOUR LIFE, and only YOU are responsible to God for what you do with it and who you become.”
“Hate is a terrible thing. It's a wasteful, stupid emotion. You can hate someone with all your heart, but it'll never do them a bit of harm. The only person it hurts is you. You can spend your days hating, letting it eat away at you, and the person you hate will go on living just the same. So, what's the point?”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain is to pretend like nothing happen.”
“We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.”
“Do what you love and you'll love what you do.”
“Cry if you know that someone is there to see you happy. Never cry for a person who doesn't know the value of your tears.”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“In weak moments today, don't do anything that will make you look weaker in the future.”
“I will not be trapped by the past. Today is a new day of possibilities.”
“Do not beat yourself up about the things you cannot change. It will make your life difficult. Take heart and take charge of what you need to change.”
“The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.”
“Life is a book. If you’re unhappy with your life, start the new book.”
“It is after all so easy to shatter a story. To break a chain of thought. To ruin a fragment of a dream being carried around carefully like a piece of porcelain. To let it be, to travel with it, as Velutha did, is much the harder thing to do.”
“Enemies stab you in the back, true friends jab you in the front.”
“Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.”
“Make yourself able enough to not depend on anyone else.”
“And even when they refuse to listen, I'll keep talking anyway, hoping on a slim chance that the things inside my head are worth something to someone.”
“I think this is when most people give up on their stories. They come out of college wanting to change the world, wanting to get married, wanting to have kids and change the way people buy office supplies. But they get into the middle and discover it was harder than they thought. They can't see the distant shore anymore, and they wonder if their paddling is moving them forward. None of the trees behind them are getting smaller and none of the trees ahead are getting bigger. They take it out on their spouses, and they go looking for an easier story.”
“The pain of a broken relationship is better than the pain of suffering every day in a relationship.”
“ unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
“I was surrounded by friends, my work was immense, and pleasures were abundant. Life, now, was unfolding before me, constantly and visibly, like the flowers of summer that drop fanlike petals on eternal soil. Overall, I was happiest to be alone; for it was then I was most aware of what I possessed. Free to look out over the rooftops of the city. Happy to be alone in the company of friends, the company of lovers and strangers. Everything, I decided, in this life, was pure pleasure.”
“You were not created to live an average life. Forgive others.”
“The significance of life is that you're significant.”
“Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.”
“No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.”
“You lose self-respect by staying in a relationship with someone who doesn't love you.”
“My kindness is my strength. It makes me who I am, It raises me above the likes of you.”
“Selfless leaders are able to self-evaluate and self-correct. They are not obsessed with leadership positions; they are passionate about rendering excellent service.”
“Forgiveness is when you give yourself the power to be freed from the trap of unforgiveness.”
“One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.”
“Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.”
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”
“In heaven an angel is no one in particular.”
“I'd always thought I would feel like an animal released from its cage when my student days were finished, I felt more like a bird that had been pushed from its nest and told it must fly.”
“Our very nature is truth. It is because of truth that we exist, and it is to truth that we return. It is true, everything about you as you are this echo of infinity. The heartbeat of nature is in you, and you are a pattern of truth as love beats through you.”
“I came here looking for a Great Perhaps, for real friends and a more-than-minor life..”
“Life is a miracle. We, all of us are creator beings. We are the joyful choice makers.”
“Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.”
“Life comes once. Live wisely.”
“Life is all about discovering your true self and helping someone discover their true self without consideration, expectation, and returns. And I think that is what life is all about and what is to be a human.”
“From too much love of living From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever; That dead men rise up never; That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea. Then star nor sun shall waken, Nor any change of light: Nor sound of waters shaken, Nor any sound or sight: Nor wintry leaves nor vernal, Nor days nor things diurnal; Only the sleep eternal In an eternal night.”
“Of course, we can't visit every place or meet every person or do every job, yet most of what we'd feel in any life is still available. We don't have to play every game to know what winning feels like. We don't have to hear every piece of music in the world to understand music. We don't have to have tried every variety of grape from every vineyard to know the pleasure of wine. Love and laughter and fear and pain are universal currencies. We just have to close our eyes and savour the taste of the drink in front of us and listen to the song as it plays. We are as completely and utterly alive as we are in any other life and have access to the same emotional spectrum.”
“To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore all.”
“I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!”
“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“i was lieing to myself when I thought I was lost, I have never been lost - I just wasn't ready to be found.”
“What has been seen cannot be unseen, what has been learned cannot be unknown. You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. You can grow from it. You can be made stronger. You can use that strength to change your life, to change your future.”
“You feel insecure in a relationship only when you feel unloved and unheard.”
“Pain is an ice bath for the soul.”
“As you reject the opportunities that come your way throughout your life, you think that life will get tired and will not offer you opportunities! You're wrong! He will give you opportunities until you die, it's up to you to discover and use them!”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“The wishbone will never replace the backbone”
“All those who try to unveil the mysteries always have tragic lives. At the end they are always punished.”
“Faith is an inclination to look at the storm and still look up to God, knowing that He has the authority to calm the storm.”
“Nobody's going to win all the time. On the highway of life you can't always be in the fast lane.”
“Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should live their lives, but none about their own.”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?” “Aren’t we all?”
“Growth happens when you don't surrender to the pain.”
“Logic makes you lonely at the rally. And faith makes coming together logical”
“If you trust the wrong person so much how much will you trust the right one”
“Still, he figured, sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do, and then sometimes you've just got to run like hell after it's done.”
“No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.”
“People don’t like to think, if one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.”
“If you think life is taking too much from you, it's only because you allow it.”
“Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.”
“Be strong enough to say this to yourself -Sins were mine, and so shall I have to pay for it”
“Man is ever searching for Galt's gulch. But never looking to his own hand for financial salvation.”
“The purpose of religion is to teach you and guide you to God. Once you have faith, your heart will become your torch to guide you through the thick darkness of life.”
“If you can still breathe, God still has a purpose for you. If you are still living, then it's not over yet.”
“That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.”
“Opinions are the defenses we have clandestinely built against our own conscience.”
“I run after her, not really giving chase. I’m running because I can, because I must. Because I want to see how far I can go before I have to stop.”
“Broken Heart can't be repairs ,but can get healed..”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.”
“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“My eyes were glued on life and they were full of tears.”
“Fleet kept running,” Kaladin growled, getting back under Elhokar’s arm. “What?” “He couldn't win, but he kept running. And when the storm caught him, it didn't matter that he’d died, because he’d run for all he had.” “Sure. All right.” The king sounded groggy, though Kaladin couldn't tell if it was the alcohol or the blood loss. “We all die in the end, you see,” Kaladin said. “So I guess what truly matters is just how well you've run. And Elhokar, you've kept running since your father was killed, even if you screw up all the storming time.” “Thank you?” the king said, drowsy.”
“Faith is a belief that the impossible can be made possible by the God of all possibilities.”
“Sometimes, people do evil against you because that is what they know best. So, there is no need to bear grudges against them. Just forgive them and let God deal with them.”
“I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy. ”
“Do things that will make you feel embarrassed in later life not ashamed or regretful.”
“Most of us have the good or bad fortune of seeing our lives fall apart so slowly we barely notice.”
“Sometimes you become a completely new person in an instant and it's for your betterment”
“You can get everything in life,just go on right way.”
“People live on the flow of the daily reality and they surge on the waves of hazy expectations. They can experience pleasant junctures and try to catch and enjoy each special moment that is offered to them. Until life takes them by surprise.”
“Have you ever seen a boulder along the ocean? Rock solid, standing tall under the sun, the rain, and the wind. Then one day, a tidal wave hits, and the boulder shatters down into pieces, shocking everyone. What nobody knows is that the boulder had been weak for a long time. Tiny cracks had formed with every lash of the wind, every splash of the wave, every betrayal of destiny. It was already broken inside. The last stroke just disassembled it, shattering it for the world to see. I am that boulder.”
“When your strength is Allah, your strength never ends.”
“When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“Google can bring you 1,000,000 answers. An education can give you the right answer.”
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”
“They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs.”
“Know the power in you; you can thrive despite circumstances.”
“For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers. I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves. And even more I revere them when they stand alone. They are like lonely persons. Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche. In their highest boughs the world rustles, their roots rest in infinity; but they do not lose themselves there, they struggle with all the force of their lives for one thing only: to fulfil themselves according to their own laws, to build up their own form, to represent themselves. Nothing is holier, nothing is more exemplary than a beautiful, strong tree. When a tree is cut down and reveals its naked death-wound to the sun, one can read its whole history in the luminous, inscribed disk of its trunk: in the rings of its years, its scars, all the struggle, all the suffering, all the sickness, all the happiness and prosperity stand truly written, the narrow years and the luxurious years, the attacks withstood, the storms endured. And every young farmboy knows that the hardest and noblest wood has the narrowest rings, that high on the mountains and in continuing danger the most indestructible, the strongest, the ideal trees grow. Trees are sanctuaries. Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth. They do not preach learning and precepts, they preach, undeterred by particulars, the ancient law of life. A tree says: A kernel is hidden in me, a spark, a thought, I am life from eternal life. The attempt and the risk that the eternal mother took with me is unique, unique the form and veins of my skin, unique the smallest play of leaves in my branches and the smallest scar on my bark. I was made to form and reveal the eternal in my smallest special detail. A tree says: My strength is trust. I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me. I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else. I trust that God is in me. I trust that my labor is holy. Out of this trust I live. When we are stricken and cannot bear our lives any longer, then a tree has something to say to us: Be still! Be still! Look at me! Life is not easy, life is not difficult. Those are childish thoughts. Let God speak within you, and your thoughts will grow silent. You are anxious because your path leads away from mother and home. But every step and every day lead you back again to the mother. Home is neither here nor there. Home is within you, or home is nowhere at all. A longing to wander tears my heart when I hear trees rustling in the wind at evening. If one listens to them silently for a long time, this longing reveals its kernel, its meaning. It is not so much a matter of escaping from one's suffering, though it may seem to be so. It is a longing for home, for a memory of the mother, for new metaphors for life. It leads home. Every path leads homeward, every step is birth, every step is death, every grave is mother. So the tree rustles in the evening, when we stand uneasy before our own childish thoughts: Trees have long thoughts, long-breathing and restful, just as they have longer lives than ours. They are wiser than we are, as long as we do not listen to them. But when we have learned how to listen to trees, then the brevity and the quickness and the childlike hastiness of our thoughts achieve an incomparable joy. Whoever has learned how to listen to trees no longer wants to be a tree. He wants to be nothing except what he is. That is home. That is happiness.”
“To tap into that infinite source of beauty and amazement, all you have to do is close your eyes, turn your attention inward and breathe.”
“Your struggle is not vain. Have faith, and be patient enough to discover why God let it all happen.”
“HOBBES: If you don't get a goodnight kiss you get Kafka dreams.”
“Five "F's"ways to win any circumstances : Fail, Fear, Forget, Fail again and then Fight”
“People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.”
“Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.”
“You may see me struggle, but you will never see me stop. Though there are times I fall, but I will never lose sight of the top.”
“Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.”
“What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.”
“No doubt that education has always been the key to every nation’s greatness.”
“Do you see my diamond-studded smile and passion-filled eyes? It’s because I’m in that stage of my life where I have nothing to prove to anyone. There is no elaborate pretence and no lavish ostentations. Genuineness smoulders in yellow gold, and I carry integrity on my eyelids. I stitch virtue, ornately and intricately, in every feather of my powder silver wings, which thrusts me past the iridescent rainbow where my ambitions soar high amid the dappled blanket of the sky. This is I; the stronger me, the happier me and the empowered me.”
“There is a time in life when you expect the world to be always full of new things. And then comes a day when you realise that is not how it will be at all. You see that life will become a thing made of holes. Absences. Losses. Things that were there and are no longer. And you realise, too, that you have to grow around and between the gaps, [ ]”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always, whether they like you or not; whether they think good, or bad of you. The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. So give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“That's the thing I'm learning about being thrown out on yer own. Nobody does nothing for you. If you don't change it, it don't get changed.”
“It's a struggle, life. Everyone is struggling with something. It's why we've got to be kind to each other, even when it's really fuckin' hard. You just don't know. You can't tell by looking. You can't tell by looking.”
“I don’t want to be little again. But at the same time I do. I want to be me like I was then, and me as I am now, and me like I’ll be in the future. I want to be me and nothing but me. I want to be crazy as the moon, wild as the wind and still as the earth. I want to be every single thing it’s possible to be. I’m growing and I don’t know how to grow. I’m living but I haven’t started living yet. Sometimes I simply disappear from myself. Sometimes it’s like I’m not here in the world at all and I simply don’t exist. Sometimes I can hardly think. My head just drifts, and the visions that come seem so vivid.”
“Leaders should know that it is not only about the votes. It is about adding value to those who voted them into power.”
“Most everything you think you know about me is nothing more than memories.”
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“Life is not a contest. Never compete with others if you want to be content.”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.”
“Such is life - a game of dodging. When we dodge one challenge, hurled at us, another eventually catches us unaware.”
“Look within and recognize the power GOD has given you. You will be surprised how victorious you can be under any circumstances.”
“If experience is the best teacher, there's nothing that comes close to the experience of life.”
“If God can raise the dead and bring them back to life, surely, your situation cannot be too complicated for Him.”
“Forgiveness is not easy, but when you forgive, you will become fulfilled.”
“You can’t make someone feel good about themselves until you feel good about yourself.”
“Self-mastery is a significant skill for those who want a life of victory.”
“Great leaders should be remembered for two things: their greatness and their goodness to the people they served.”
“Be incorruptible, and no one can buy you.”
“You owe no one explanation of why you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“Cancel my subscription to the resurrection.”
“Evil wants to rob the world of truth and light. When tragedy strikes evil swoops in to cause chaos and darkness. We are not guaranteed a life void of pain, but we are offered a future filled with promise and hope in His name.”
“Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“Dear Daughter, When you help others, you will get a sense of accomplishment and your life will change for the better. Hence, you should not grow weary of being a good person; it will enrich your life.”
“If you think you must wait for an apology to forgive, you may not have that chance. Just forgive and find the peace you need.”
“Faith is a Spiritual act of applying an ancient process to solve contemporary problems.”
“You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.”
“All the stuff you can’t wait to get away from, until it’s not there anymore, and then you miss it like crazy.”
“Immerse yourself into yourself.”
“I had a dream about you last night.. you were holding a pine cone and introducing him as Gerald.”
“Take every day lightly. Not all your curiosity needs to be fulfilled at once.”
“The trick to taking the paper off the crayons is to just do it. There is no trick.”
“We all want God in our lives when things need to change, but we hesitate when God wants us to change so He can come into our lives.”
“Leadership is not about dictatorship. Dictatorship denies one the chance of becoming a great leader.”
“Life is nothing without a little chaos to make it interesting.”
“Don't feel bad about hurting those who have been hurting you for a long time.”
“Life is surely not a movie; do not live as if you were acting. Be genuine.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.”
“Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.”
“Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.”
“Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.”
“It's funny: I always imagined when I was a kid that adults had some kind of inner toolbox full of shiny tools: the saw of discernment, the hammer of wisdom, the sandpaper of patience. But then when I grew up I found that life handed you these rusty bent old tools - friendships, prayer, conscience, honesty - and said 'do the best you can with these, they will have to do'. And mostly, against all odds, they do.”
“Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse”
“Do not stress about those who cause you distress. Forgive them!”
“Stray is the pride-confidence of legless bone-folded fool", transcending all its health and might in chasing after the Winds and clouds".”
“It's such a shame to waste time. We always think we have so much of it.”
“Life in us is like the water in a river.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.”
“Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from its life's quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result -- eventually, astoundingly, and all too briefly -- in you.”
“Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.”
“Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.”
“Learn to focus on what attracts you in life that brings you joy, comfort, and peace of mind within you!”
“When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
“You are what you settle for. You are only as much as you settle for”
“For limited minds, it seems like we only live once. But who knows what the future holds after the so-called death?”
“Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.”
“When you help someone who doesn't need any help, you harm them more with your help.”
“The most important strategy in life is this: While you are on a road, raise your mind like an eagle and watch yourself from above! The solution to many of the problems you encounter and will encounter in life lies in the art of getting away from yourself and observing yourself from the outside and from afar!”
“Human can never be satisfied”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“I have the mind of an engineer and the heart of an author.”
“Our Prophet ﷺ showed KINDNESS while he was treated with hostility, He showed LOVE and COMPASSION to everyone, even to his enemy. Sent by the MOST MERCIFUL to the world as a MERCY, He is the BEST of creation, the most noble man, Described by his wife as a WALKING QUR’AN. Follow his SUNNAH as best as you can ”
“Sometimes life doesn't happen in chronological order.”
“Hopefully your life doesn't become the reality and reflection of the stained feelings that you have impressed and imposed upon someone else.”
“I think that you’ve got to make something that pleases you and hope that other people feel the same way.”
“Life Is infinite Great”
“I did not ask for the horrible past they gave me. I won’t let them mingle with my dreams.”
“There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside.”
“Nothing in life is worth, turning your back on, if you love it.”
“If you stand a little far from the fire you will receive heat and light, if you go too close you will burn! Everything you will experience in life is like this fire; if you can adjust the distance or dose you can benefit from everything or be safe from everything!”
“Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.”
“Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.”
“Dear Daughter, Take advantage of your abilities. It is the only way to show the world what you are capable of.”
“Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.”
“To me, history ought to be a source of pleasure. It isn't just part of our civic responsibility. To me, it's an enlargement of the experience of being alive, just the way literature or art or music is." [ The Title Always Comes Last ; NEH 2003 Jefferson Lecturer interview profile]”
“Spirituality is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God)”
“If you want to identify me, ask me not where I live, or what I like to eat, or how I comb my hair, but ask me what I am living for, in detail, ask me what I think is keeping me from living fully for the thing I want to live for.”
“You can't change a man's behavior just because you love him, but a man can change himself if he loves you”
“I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.”
“If you want to be respected by your younger ones, learn to respect your elders.”
“it was when I stopped searching for home within others and lifted the foundations of home within myself I found there were no roots more intimate than those between a mind and body that have decided to be whole.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“If skies became the canvas, if oceans became the ink, would it still be enough to describe the beauty of dance?”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.”
“It's not over until you win”
“I like pain. Pain indicates that I'm getting stronger.”
“Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.”
“The ego relies on the familiar. It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life.”
“The best version of life is better experienced in a movie. There the outcomes are more certain.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.”
“As you remove toxic people from your life, you free up space and emotional energy for positive, healthy relationships.”
“The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without colour, pain or past.”
“Promise is more worthy than Time and Money.”
“Sometimes it's isolation before elevation.”
“Life is too short to be ambitious all the time.”
“We could never know what works best for us if we weren't curious.”
“ Life is much simpler if you don’t notice anything .”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to dance to the tune of the enemy. It is fine-tuning your heart with the will of God in order to live in peace.”
“If you want to be a new man you have to stay in new places, and do new things, with people who never knew you before. If you go back to the same old ways, what else can you be but the same old person?”
“Sometimes the best reward for the love you give to someone is their hatred for you.”
“Troubled Tried to gambled It is true that pride is the hardest thing to be swallowed.”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“If you are objective enough to evaluate your journey through life, you will come to the right conclusions about who you are.”
“To leave, after all, was not the same as being left.”
“Sleep is good.”
“Dear Daughter, Although it is desirable to lead an honest life, not everyone is honest. Although it is commendable to believe in justice, not everyone is just. Although it is noble to care about others, not everyone does. Yours is not to do what others do, but to ensure that whatever you do is truthful, helpful, and meaningful.”
“As the years slip by, we can drift apart, Friends becoming strangers, breaking heart to heart. But do not despair, for this is nature's way, Ebbing and flowing, like the tides of each day. Hold tight to those bonds that stand the test of time, Cherish each moment, like a precious rhyme.”
“Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.”
“We not only learn from the knowledge we acquire and experiences we gain but sometimes in order to learn deeper lessons in life we put ourselves out there and learn from the wounds and damages we receive ourselves.”
“To live is to be haunted.”
“In breaking away from the familiar and the expected, you'll be forced and privileged to face greater challenges, learn harder lessons, and really get to know yourself.”
“Lightning makes no sound until it strikes.”
“Forgiveness removes all the ugliness of unforgiveness you’re your heart.”
“One night, I stood by my window and gazed at the sky hoping to find a star, but it was starless. Then I heard a voice within me saying "You are a star, look at yourself.”
“Avoid excuses, you have the responsibility of making your dreams a reality.”
“Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.”
“You are what your heart is.”
“Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.”
“Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back. That's part of what it means to be alive. But inside our heads - at least that's where I imagine it - there's a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in awhile, let in fresh air, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you'll live forever in your own private library.”
“Sometimes you have to try a thing: even if it seems impossible, you have to try.”
“The purpose of our life is twofold: to abide by the laws of the Universe, and to awaken spiritually.”
“Life has a lot of good people, but it also has cruel people. Regardless of how you are treated, never settle for being cruel in an attempt to avenge. Do whatever it takes to break the chain of wickedness.”
“We have different backgrounds, different arrangements of occurrence and life experiences. Don't trip when you see others doing better than you. Yours is yet to come.”
“And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered. But most of all, I learned that life is about sitting on benches next to ancient creeks with my hand on her knee and sometimes, on good days, for falling in love.”
“Have you read about the Law of Attraction before? His believers say, that a person has what looks like broadcasting and receiving channels, and these channels transmit his thoughts to the universe, and his receivers receive the results and interact with him, he is part of it as everything else, affects and is affected, and the master here is the universe, and the reason is the person, they are his thoughts that decide the response of the universe to him, it will give him back what he thinks, and it will seek to implement it for him. If you are looking for an answer to a question that has puzzled you for a long time, all you have to do is think about it, and imagine that you will find the answer in some way, imagine that moment when you know it, and then leave it to the universe, it will come to you with the answer, as long as you broadcast the idea. Based on that, if you think about something that you hate to happen, if you think about it for a long time, it will inevitably happen to you, for the law does not differentiate between good and evil, what you want and what you hate, but rather what you think. In other words, the subconscious mind is fertile, uncultivated land, and the conscious mind or brain is a seed-sowing machine. What you think about is the kind of seeds that you will sow in your subconscious mind, and your harvest will be the result of what you sow, the more you think, you are like the one who waters and plows the land and nurtures it, and in the end, the universe will be the machine of the harvest, it will inevitably make your ideas a reality for you. This law has been strengthened in all religions and customs. In religion, God alerted us to the need to monitor our thoughts well, so he says in the honorable Prophetic hadith, “I am as my servant thinks of me,” meaning that if you think well of God, he will be with you as you think. If think that he will only send you all good, God will send it to you. In all religions you will find many texts saying like this, although this completely contradicts the law of determinism in religion, God has written everything in advance, and your belief in him will not change anything in your destiny, but even your thoughts themselves, including your good thinking of him It is something he already wrote to you. As for our ancestors, they said it from the reality of their inherited experiences, they said things like that the one who is afraid of something, it will happen to him. They summarized them in the form of popular examples, which you will find in various cultures. However, what if the believers in this law understand things from the perspective of the ancient human understanding of the sense of sight, we do not receive determinism, and the universe does not make it and does not respond to us with what we think, and we cannot change it with our thoughts, we have already drawn them in advance, and we have no escape today except for reaping what we sowed. An inevitability we managed at once, in one moment. He was silent for a moment, then added: Or perhaps, we are drawing the inevitable now, Ruslan, what if I did not exist in this world before you had a need for me? And somehow you made me, and gave me a whole life, with its memories, memories that make me feel like I have lived forty whole years, and make you feel this, you arranged them for me, and you created me, to answer all the questions I have always thought of. And while I feel like I am forty, in fact, it is one second, maybe a lot less. What if we had never met in Syria before, if you were not there, and you are still retreating in your hut on the hill, thinking about the empty, the unknown, and what happened next? It is nothing but an arrangement that you did, to transcend the authority of your mind, to get you to know the answers to everything that afflicts you, even if this life is a blank sheet of paper, you are the one who arrange it and draw it, step by step.”
“Your world is only as small as you make it.”
“Stay calm! Those ignoring you today will need you tomorrow.”
“How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.”
“Cheers to better days!”
“When you’re given an opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn’t give things, you take things. If you learn one thing from me, it should probably be that.”
“Dear Daughter, Your life matters, therefore, do what matters..”
“Forgive even those who do not feel sorry for their actions. You are not doing it for them but for yourself.”
“There are some things in life we simply cannot explain.”
“This is an important lesson to remember when you're having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can't feel real joy unless you've felt heartache. You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can't know what it's like to feel holy until you know what it's like to feel really fucking evil. And you can't be birthed again until you've died.”
“War had bled color from everything, leaving nothing but a storm of gray.”
“The best revenge is to find peace, happiness, and purpose in our life again.”
“One of the tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon - instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.”
“Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.”
“A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.”
“Recovery is hard. Regret is harder.”
“Those who have not understood who am I? have less hope of keeping themselves alive. Originality and identity are all you need under the universe.”
“We all need fairy tales to forget the tragedies and difficulties of life, even for a short time!”
“If my answers frighten you then you should cease asking scary questions.”
“Sometimes 'the only way' becomes 'your way' when there is 'no other way.”
“I'm sorry for my inability to let unimportant things go, for my inability to hold on to the important things.”
“No one is without troubles, without personal hardships and genuine challenges.  That fact may not be obvious because most people don't advertise their woes and heartaches.  But nobody, not even the purest heart, escapes life without suffering battle scars.”
“I don't "lol". I tried it once but it just didn't agree with me.”
“The joy in life is his who has the heart to demand it.”
“Maybe sometimes in life you get another chance. Maybe you can go back. Right back to  how it was in the beginning.”
“Dear Daughter, Engage in conversations that lead to open doors and avoid unnecessary wars.”
“I'm the girl nobody knows until she commits suicide. Then suddenly everyone had a class with her.”
“be a good listener, don't judge and don't put boundaries on someone else's grief.”
“Call me crazy, but I think we do the best living when stakes are high.”
“If consumption is a main goal in life, labor has become a painful gate to buying things, which are often unnecessary or totally useless. "Sorry, insufficient funds, goodbye!".”
“When you're down, remember your triumphs. [ ] Sometimes you get in trouble and crash. Other times: just a bumpy landing.”
“He said that we belonged together because he was born with a flower and I was born with a butterfly and that flowers and butterflies need each other for survival.”
“Pulvis et umbra sumus. ( We are but dust and shadow. )”
“There is the elixir of life in the gentle summer breeze. The more it caresses me, the more alive I feel.”
“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”
“You may have the best chapters in your life, but not mine.”
“When you leave home to follow your dreams, your road will probably be riddled with potholes, not always paved in happy Technicolor bricks. You'll probably be kicked to the ground 150 million times and told you're nuts by friends and strangers alike. As you progress you may feel lonely or terrified for your physical and emotional safety. You may overestimate your own capabilities or fail to live up to them, and you'll surely fall flat on your face once in a while.”
“You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“God knows the soul will be injured more than the body. So God keeps the soul inside the body. The wounds of the soul no one can see That's all people see. Is your body You die when your soul dies. However, you get funeral when stop breathing your Body”
“Well, I agree that 'trial and error' is a pretty pessimistic name for it. And maybe that's what it is most of the time. But I think the point is that it's not just try-error. Most of the time, it's try-error-try.”
“Dear Daughter, There are some things that no one else in the world can offer but you. Therefore, you should never look down on yourself.”
“  and to find the light in darkness, the darkness in light, and the balance of both worlds is what makes life worth living!”
“When you argue with an idiot, there are two idiots.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”
“It was the pain in life that sometimes brought you to the place you should have been all along.”
“Life is a chance given to you to change the world. So, while you can, do your level best!”
“The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.”
“I've finally come to the realization that I can't keep putting others before myself. It's time for me to take control and reshape my life. I'm tired of feeling like I'm dying while trying to take care of everyone else. It's time to say no to that shit and put myself first for once. Honestly, it's about damn time.”
“Not all that was good was in the light; there was good in the dark too, if you bothered to look.”
“Trouble is, molding yourself is hard enough; molding others is even harder.”
“Two glass of Exile, formed in a brownish color, A sip to get lost and no where, to be found, brandy it's. The taste of it under the tongue, for the weekend, remain blessed, and intoxicated to dark rum, Dark till it grows glommy. drinking and sipping with purpose, With the rose of lousy laughter's, A moment to forget your worries, And live again the next day.”
“I'm tired of running inside my head. I just want to lie in bed. But things are just getting started. How can I escape Can I close my eyes and not open them again? Can I draw me in pain Can I write me this broken I don't know how to deal with what I'm feeling I feel like crying Tears started shedding Problem is a like a pill Making myself sleeping Just for a moment of escaping Feels like I'm dreaming Can someone come and save me I am not me I'm inside of me. ”
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
“Dear Daughter, Even in the night, shine your light.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Guilt reminds me of a stray cat. You chase it away and yet, it comes back when you least expect it. If you let yourself feel pity for it and feed the thing, it parks its ugly, puny, lonely-for-attention butt on your doormat and won't go away. Scat kitty cat, scat. I don't need you sitting around here like that.”
“Never apologize for someone's wrong interpretation of your right words.”
“Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.”
“A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.”
“Our life is made by the death of others.”
“Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop.”
“My hustle doesn’t define me. The reason for my hustle does.”
“You wish you could’ve learned to play piano. You wish you could’ve started drawing when you were young. You wish you could’ve figured out who you wanted to be before you graduated college. You wish you could’ve learned to love yourself sooner. Well you know what? You didn’t. And that’s just something you’re going to have to learn to deal with. But just because you didn’t do it sooner, doesn’t mean you can’t start now.”
“Spontaneity is good for the soul.”
“Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.”
“In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.”
“A life without trust is a life without belief.”
“Life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future.”
“If you need something from somebody always give that person a way to hand it to you.”
“Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.”
“I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.”
“No Mistake can be hidden forever.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.”
“Dear Daughter, Treat others well and it shall be well with you as well.”
“An attentive reader will always learn more, and more quickly, from good authors than from life.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives, focus on the positives.”
“I liked being a person. I wanted to keep at it.”
“Be brave and forgive people while they are alive; do not take hatred to the grave.”
“Suffering has become an essential part of me, and I’d sabotage any attempt to heal. I’d be fearful of losing my unhappy self. I’d miss it if I were released.”
“It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, but it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: music, laughter, the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands, the scent of rain, the concept of subway trains  if only one could leave this life slowly!”
“While there's life, there's hope.”
“When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.”
“Faith is being able to say, "Lord, with my canal eye, I do not see you, but with my heart, I believe in you.”
“I am nothing more than the consequence of catastrophe.”
“It just be life, that's all. Ain't nothin' happened to you, ain't happened to most women whether they care to admit it or not. You strong, Babygirl. You a woman. You gotta be.”
“To live in the future, you must survive the present.”
“My decisions may not be the best always, but at least they are always mine.”
“Overnight success stories are not the entire story”
“The word ‘sin’ is derived from the Indo-European root ‘es-,’ meaning ‘to be.’ When I discovered this etymology, I intuitively understood that for a [person] trapped in patriarchy, which is the religion of the entire planet, ‘to be’ in the fullest sense is ‘to sin'.”
“Here are two big mistakes that are made frequently in life: Waiting for the train that will not stop at your stop and not waiting for the train that will stop at your stop!”
“If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning: just as, if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes, we should never know it was dark. Dark would be without meaning.”
“You're only young once, but you can be immature forever”
“Conscious leaders know how to curtail any confusion, because they are clear about what needs to be done and how it should be done.”
“Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.”
“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
“We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.”
“The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.”
“Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.”
“We only live once, but even if you disagree, it makes more sense to live like you only have one life than to live thinking you have several lives to come.”
“There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be ”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Everything dies - except for love”
“For truth is always strange; stranger than fiction.”
“You can’t keep on top of the world for ever.”
“If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent.”
“Apart from humans all other creatures on this planet only, live/maintain the objective 'COMMUNITIEs' : few territorial & all food chain bases.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Nature is something to be tolerated, not tamed.”
“All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.”
“Don't start talking negatively about people who once had a beautiful place in your heart.”
“It's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them. Life is a hungry thing.”
“If your thought doesn’t open the gates of kindness, it isn’t going to take you anywhere.”
“You do not immortalize the lost by writing about them. Language buries, but does not resurrect.”
“Romans 12:8-21 Whether people know or see that you are racist or not. You know. Do the right thing and get rid of that evil heart and mind. Racism is not generic, but it is being taught. Most people who are racist are being groomed by bad parents to be racist. If being racist is a good thing, why are you publicly hiding that you are racist. You can comfort yourself by telling lies and believing lies you telling each other. Truth is you are not as good as you think you are if you are racist. You are not good person at”
“When we stake a claim to the needs and wants of our life, we may easily fail to live up to the standards of others. Empathy and connectedness, however, might bridge the gap, by stirring our consciousness of the sensitive queries and by assessing the intricate framework of our surroundings with their countless, prickly nitty-gritties. ("Absence of Desire")”
“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership requires a commitment to focus on the goal, a willingness to learn, and the passion to lead the best way you can. So that in the end, you can accomplish the right mission.”
“And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit.”
“Transformations are a part of life. We are constantly being changed by things changing around us. Nobody can control that. Nobody can control the environment, the economy, luck, or the moods of others. Compositions change. Positions change. Dispositions change. Experiences change. Opportunities and attitudes change. You will change.”
“Dreams are visions of where you want to go. Who you want to be. Life isn’t what it is. It’s what it can be.”
“Dear Daughter, Your value must never be reduced by any venue or event. Remember your worth, wherever you are in this world.”
“For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after.”
“I learn more from my students and clients than I teach them”
“There's a whole category of people who miss out by not allowing themselves to be weird enough.”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“Oh, Life, I am yours. Whatever it is you want of me, I am ready to give.”
“There’s a really stupid saying: When life hands you a lemon, make lemonade. Well, I have a better saying: When life hands you a lemon, shove that lemon up its stupid butt.”
“It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the activities of one form of that life. But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is rather to life itself.”
“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.”
“My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.”
“The best way to transform society is not through violent demonstrations, but through calculated conversations that question leadership and require accountability from leaders.”
“Conscious leadership means being able to make sober decisions and realize that those decisions will impact a thousand generations to come.”
“Dear Daughter, Stand in the gap and help those who need your helping hand.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with good people who will help you stay out of trouble and not endanger your life.”
“There's only one way to tackle life, enjoy a day at the beach, and jump into a Great Lake: Headfirst!”
“The great object of life is sensation- to feel that we exist, even though in pain.”
“Dear Daughter, There are great rewards for making your mark. Start right where you are and make an indelible mark.”
“War is not for winning, Masha," sighed Koschei, reading the tracks of supply lines, of pincer strategies, over her shoulder. "It is for surviving.”
“A boo is a lot louder than a cheer.”
“Your biggest life mistake can be your biggest life lesson.”
“I want someone whose heart is big enough to hold me.”
“To travel is to live.”
“Life is but a dream for the dead.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“I don’t live in either my past or my future. I’m interested only in the present. If you can concentrate always on the present, you’ll be a happy man. Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we’re living now.”
“But when it came right down to it, the skin of my wrist looked so white and defensless that I couldn't do it. It was as if what I wanted to kill wasn't in that skin or the thin blue pulse that jumped under my thumb, but somewhere else, deeper, more secret, and a whole lot harder to get.”
“Haters, witches and wizards are always concern. They publicly act like they are concern or worried as if they really care. but what they are really doing is hating on another person and trying their best to destroy that persons life. They are very good in spreading misinformation and manipulating people.”
“Do not hold on to the pain. Let it go and your will experience a significant change. Forgive!”
“Unless you become a big picture thinker, you will always stay where you are.”
“Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.”
“Be bold. But not bold, be fucking bold.”
“The fact is, there is no foundation, no secure ground, upon which people may stand today if it isn’t the family. If you don’t have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family, you don’t have much at all. Love is so supremely important. As our great poet Auden said, ‘Love each other or perish’.”
“The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“I was always an unusual girl. My mother told me I had a chameleon soul, no moral compass pointing due north, no fixed personality; just an inner indecisiveness that was as wide and as wavering as the ocean.”
“When someone is seeking,” said Siddartha, “It happens quite easily that he only sees the thing that he is seeking; that he is unable to find anything, unable to absorb anything, because he is only thinking of the thing he is seeking, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed with his goal. Seeking means: to have a goal; but finding means: to be free, to be receptive, to have no goal. You, O worthy one, are perhaps indeed a seeker, for in striving towards your goal, you do not see many things that are under your nose.”
“Every life deserves to be loved; We are all connected beings, whether that be with each other, animals, or nature. We must recognize that connection and extend our circle of compassion to all living things.”
“Muhammad ﷺ is for us, an EXAMPLE and GUIDE, The GREATEST Prophet, in him we take pride. Spread GOODNESS wherever you go, but make sure, That in your heart, your intentions remain PURE. Take yourself to account, before you’re accounted for, So that in this life and the next, you’ll be successful forevermore.”
“That's all you can do in this world, no matter how strong the current beats against you, or how heavy your burden, or how tragic your love story. You keep going.”
“Your thoughts and emotions will dictate the kind of life you will have.”
“Let God be the foundation of your life, and no matter what life throws at you, you will not crumble.”
“We're young. We’re supposed to drink too much. We're supposed to have bad attitudes and shag each other's brains out. We were designed to party. We owe it to ourselves to party hard. We owe it to each other. This is it. This is our time. So a few of us will overdose, or go mental. Charles Darwin said you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. That's what it's about - breakin' eggs - by eggs, I mean, getting twatted on a cocktail of class. As. If you could see yourselves  We had it all. We have fucked up bigger and better than any generation that came before us. We were so beautiful  We're screw-ups. I plan on staying a screw-up until my late twenties, or maybe even my early thirties. And I will shag my own mum before I let anyone else take that away from me!”
“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
“As the flame of longing burns, even if does not arrive beloved, in the arms of melodies, dance.”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action.”
“Leaders should be reliable, available, and effective in problem-solving.”
“Forgiveness will help you focus not on other people’s mistakes but on your own. When you forgive, you will find the right things to focus on—things that have merit.”
“When one has come to explore the ' instant moment ' and one has chosen to savor the delights of life, which are hidden behind the curtain of haste and superficiality, then ' mental time ' is replacing ' sequential time '. So ' here ' and ' now ' are keeping hustle and impatience in check. (" Just for a moment ")”
“Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again”
“Dear friends, don’t be afraid of life! How good is life when one does something good and just!”
“Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?”
“Forgiving someone too many times is not bravery.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“We would be allowed to work and not cause any trouble for her, but she didn't want us to be any more successful than she was”
“People are more about money and less about their passion.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.”
“You cannot hold eternity in your hand, but you feel it in your heart; you know it in your soul.”
“When life makes you sad; And it's the worst you've ever had. Remember - life also gives its best lessons, When your time is terribly bad.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Life smiles at you when you smile at the obstacles of life.”
“There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.”
“I'm proud to be a work in progress.”
“Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”
“Those who are considered adventurous by nature are optimists too.”
“Leaders who do not learn from the mistakes of past leaders are likely to make more mistakes than their predecessors. Leadership is about learning what worked and what did not, in order to avoid repeating things that never worked.”
“Living life is hardest than bravely dying.”
“One way or another, I think we are all destined to learn the same lessons in life. Universal truths are universal truths. They cannot be changed.”
“If you want to make a difference in life, do not be terrified of change. It will position you in a higher dimension.”
“Unless you take control of your life, you will forever be a slave to others. The choice is yours.”
“When you're socially awkward, you're isolated more than usual, and when you're isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done. All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it. One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible. Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages.”
“Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?”
“Some people have lives; some people have music.”
“Only a rich man will know where his true treasures lie. ”
“One day can change your life. One day can ruin your life. All life is is three or four big days that change everything.”
“I walked too fast, you would run to catch up with me and take hold of my hand, and that those were the best moments of my life. Your fingertips in the palm of my hand. Before you know how many things I'd failed at.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“May all that have life be delivered from suffering”
“As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being.”
“Deep rivers run quiet.”
“Respect your haters; they are always the first to show you that you are better than them.”
“Great nations leave great ruins, great men leave great memories”
“I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.”
“Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself.”
“There's no benchmark for how life's "supposed" to happen. There is no ideal world for you to wait around for. The world is always just what it is now, it's up to you how you respond to it.”
“The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!”
“Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.”
“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”
“As soon as your claims, challenges and dreams about life are over, you immediately find yourself in the following roads: Laziness, inactivity, decay!”
“One default item of success is risk, those who take the risk will get the dish”
“Everything in the existing world seemed strange to him; it was as if the world had been created for some brief, mocking game. But this game of make-believe had dragged on for a long time,for eternity, and nobody felt like laughing anymore.”
“We know the cure. But people would rather take a pill than exercise their faith and do the work.”
“That's the point, isn't it? We have to live on, no matter how hard it gets. We'll win in the end.”
“I just want to do something that matters. Or be something that matters. I just want to matter.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.”
“Life is dear to every living thing; the worm that crawls upon the ground will struggle for it.”
“Everyone thinks "ordinary" is easy and all, but how many of them would actually fit into the so-called smooth road the word implied? It sure was a lot harder for me, someone who was not born ordinary. That didn't mean I was extraordinary. I was just a strange boy wandering around somewhere in between. So I decided to give it a try. To become ordinary.”
“Some do not need open-heart surgery. They just need to open their hearts and forgive.”
“Behind the hurtful words, there could be a hurting person. That is why you need to listen carefully and act wisely. Never let any hurtful language stand in your way to happiness. Forgive!”
“Art is the proper task of life. ”
“Having right over others is something shameful. It's using force.”
“There is no such thing as work-life balance. Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life.”
“Yeah, sometimes life really sucks," she says. "But you know what I'm holding on for?" I raise my eyebrows. She raises hers, too, mimicking me. "The moments that don't suck," she says. "The trick is to notice them when they come around.”
“When you are measuring life, you are not living it.”
“The cost of oblivious daydreaming was always this moment of return, the realignment with what had been before and now seemed a little worse. ”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“Do not take that resentment to the grave with you. Before you enter your grave, forgive. It is for your own good.”
“In a world where people see revenge as an ultimate accomplishment, choose to be forgiving.”
“Once you exceed the measure, there is no limit. This is the major problem with overthinking. Things are out of your control.”
“The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.”
“Success is no accident . It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all  love of what you are doing . Tribute to the legend Pele”
“Life can coincidentally put you in a place you never wanted to see yourself. If that ever happens, pray and ask God for guidance.”
“Forgiveness is about saying, "Okay, I saw what happened; I know what happened, but I do not want what happened to determine what happens to my happiness.”
“The rain fluctuates between drizzle and torrential. It messes with your mind. It makes you think things will always be like this, never getting better, always letting you down right when you though the worst was over.”
“The knowledge that the atoms that comprise life on earth - the atoms that make up the human body, are traceable to the crucibles that cooked light elements into heavy elements in their core under extreme temperatures and pressures. These stars- the high mass ones among them- went unstable in their later years- they collapsed and then exploded- scattering their enriched guts across the galaxy- guts made of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and all the fundamental ingredients of life itself. These ingredients become part of gas clouds that condense, collapse, form the next generation of solar systems- stars with orbiting planets. And those planets now have the ingredients for life itself. So that when I look up at the night sky, and I know that yes we are part of this universe, we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts is that the universe is in us. When I reflect on that fact, I look up- many people feel small, cause their small and the universe is big. But I feel big because my atoms came from those stars.”
“I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change  I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back .”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“the worst thing," he told me, "is bitterness, people end up so bitter.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is the context of my life to go on without end.”
“If you don't learn to laugh at life it'll surely kill you, that I know.”
“You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.”
“Drunk I am today. Today I am drunk. With the book of life open before me, thwarted, blank, I sit here before you all.”
“A gemstone's value increases with its rarity; walking outside the crowd makes your worth increase, not decrease. ”
“See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it. And the very act of living is a tide: at first it seems to make no difference at all, and then one day you look down and see how much pain has eroded.”
“Never stop just because you feel defeated. The journey to the other side is attainable only after great suffering.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Dear Leader, When you truly love the people you lead, they will not leave your side. They will support you as a leader until you make it.”
“Nothing is more curious and awkward than the relationship of two people who only know each other with their eyes — who meet and observe each other daily, even hourly and who keep up the impression of disinterest either because of morals or because of a mental abnormality. Between them there is listlessness and pent-up curiosity, the hysteria of an unsatisfied, unnaturally suppressed need for communion and also a kind of tense respect. Because man loves and honors man as long as he is not able to judge him, and desire is a product of lacking knowledge.”
“Don't make your problem everyone else's problem too.”
“GOD will always favor your intervention for the love & care of another beautiful soul.”
“It is a huge danger to pretend that awful things do not happen. But you need enough hope to keep going. I am trying to make hope. Flowers grow out of darkness.”
“The belief in death leads meditating about life; meanwhile, the belief in life leads you thinking about death.”
“When pride is at its peak, it becomes hard to forgive. Forgiveness and humility go hand in hand. Until you are humble, you will not forgive.”
“Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.”
“God is surely in control, be still and trust in Him. He will have your situation sorted out.”
“I can't seem to be a pessimist long enough to overlook the possibility of things being overwhelmingly good.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“Happiness or sadness is not anyone's creation, but your choice.”
“Spirituality makes everything a reality. Religion is the only belief system that turns things into a delusion.”
“Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.”
“Compared to the universe, we are like a drop of water in the ocean. We come and pass unnoticed; just like a chilly wind.”
“You can never rise by letting someone down”
“I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.”
“It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses.”
“Not soon, as late as the approach of my ninetieth year, I felt a door opening in me and I entered the clarity of early morning. One after another my former lives were departing, like ships, together with their sorrow. And the countries, cities, gardens, the bays of seas assigned to my brush came closer, ready now to be described better than they were before.”
“I want words at my funeral. But I guess that means you need life in your life.”
“Our obsession of being accepted by others has turned us into a society that has No shame . No love. No remorse . No morals. No role models. No direction. No rules. No laws. No gender . No culture. No religion. No respect of others and for ourselves. Mostly we have No boundaries. That is why the things are the way they are now.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“Find the lessons in the stressing’, the miracles in the mundane, the blessings in what is given, and acceptance in what is taken away.”
“Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.”
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”
“He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”
“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
“When you don't understand something, you label it and condemn it" (94) - Danny Glover, "The Fundamental Things”
“Your heart will not stop bleeding until you start forgiving.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Great leaders can never go to the grave without empowering others. They empower others to lead before their time on earth is over, because they understand that leadership is a baton that needs to be handed over.”
“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.”
“O Me! O life!  of the questions of these recurring; Of the endless trains of the faithless—of cities fill’d with the foolish; Of myself forever reproaching myself, (for who more foolish than I, and who more faithless?) Of eyes that vainly crave the light—of the objects mean—of the struggle ever renew’d; Of the poor results of all—of the plodding and sordid crowds I see around me; Of the empty and useless years of the rest—with the rest me intertwined; The question, O me! so sad, recurring—What good amid these, O me, O life? Answer. That you are here—that life exists, and identity; That the powerful play goes on, and you will contribute a verse.”
“Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.”
“The pain of abandonment can be forever healed by the One who will never abandon you. ”
“LIFE IS NOT ABOUT HOW WELL YOU LIVE BEFORE YOUR DEATH, LIFE IS ALL ABOUT HOW FAR YOU LIVE AFTER YOUR DEATH”
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.”
“Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, without apathy, without pretence.”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“Opening up to the wrong person is like putting ammo in their hands.”
“You don’t get to pick where you’re from, but you always have control of where you’re going.”
“One day we'll all be flowers again.”
“The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.”
“Love is blind. Love of money is blind. Greed and money make people forfeit the quiddity of life, banish them from what is essential and alienate them from themselves. They lose their identity and become drifting exiles. ( "Money rocking and rolling" )”
“Time outside brings out the strongest emotions and reactions”
“Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.”
“Diyar-e-Ishq Mein Apna Maqam Paida Kar, Naya Zamana, Naye Subah-o-Sham Paida Kar; Khuda Agar Dil-e-Fitrat Shanas De Tujh Ko, Sakoot-e-Lala-o-Gul Se Kalaam Paida Kar; Mera Tareeq Ameeri Nahin, Faqeeri Hai, Khudi Na Baich, Ghareebi Mein Naam Paida Kar Build in love’s empire your hearth and your home; Build Time anew, a new dawn, a new eve! Your speech, if God give you the friendship of Nature, From the rose and tulip’s long silence weave The way of the hermit, not fortune, is mine; Sell not your soul! In a beggar’s rags shine.”
“My conscience is crystal clear. But like a crystal, it has many sides to it.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits and consequences.”
“Dying was nothing and he had no picture of it nor fear of it in his mind. But living was a field of grain blowing in the wind on the side of a hill. Living was a hawk in the sky. Living was an earthen jar of water in the dust of the threshing with the grain flailed out and the chaff blowing. Living was a horse between your legs and a carbine under one leg and a hill and a valley and a stream with trees along it and the far side of the valley and the hills beyond.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“I cannot tell you what it is that guides us in this life; but for me, I fell toward the Chairman just as a stone must fall toward the earth. When I cut my lip and met Mr. Tanaka, when my mother died and I was cruelly sold, it was all like a stream that falls over rocky cliffs before it can reach the ocean. Even now that he is gone I have him still, in the richness of my memories.”
“The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.”
“You can't be pro women while fucking someone's man.”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.”
“Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.”
“Forgive yourself and others because that is the only way to forget what hurt you and focus on what can help you.”
“Never forget: we walk on hell, gazing at flowers.”
“Dare to dream and don't stop until your dream becomes a reality.”
“I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.”
“re: cutting glass "You have to be in command of the glass, telling it where to release its hold on itself. Just like life. Otherwise it will splinter.”
“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
“Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.”
“Anyone shall sacrifice their love but only your wife will sacrifice her life for you.”
“If one wants to succeed in life be adaptable and unbreakable like fluids.”
“A strong desire for a peace of mind will encourage you to forgive.”
“Forgiveness is like being stabbed with a knife and deciding to remove it so you can tend to the wound and stop it from festering.”
“If you want a well to be clean, you must frequently draw out the dirty water. When you forgive, you are like a person who keeps a well clean.”
“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”
“Life is so full of unpredictable beauty and strange surprises. Sometimes that beauty is too much for me to handle. Do you know that feeling? When something is just too beautiful? When someone says something or writes something or plays something that moves you to the point of tears, maybe even changes you.”
“Life will offer you an opportunity to make choices. You can choose greatness or insignificance, brightness or darkness, happiness or sadness. Whatever you choose, let it be your choice and not somebody else’s.”
“Being alone is better than being in a relationship that makes you feel lost and lonely.”
“Life is not a fantasy; it is a reality. Therefore, avoid any form of fallacy.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“The day is brittle as instant noodles I despise.”
“You never know when the best day of your life will come  or when it has passed.”
“Great leaders choose to mentor others before their tenure comes to an end, because they know that great things should not end with them.”
“ What if … what if … what if … I play the What If? game all the time. But it’s rigged, is the thing. Impossible to win. Asking What If? can only lead to Maybe Things Could Have Been Different , via Was It My Fault? ”
“Anymore, no one's mind is their own.”
“No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.”
“A 'no' does not hide anything, but a 'yes' very easily becomes a deception.”
“The success of leaders depends upon their commitment and the engagement of their followers.”
“Cheating and loyalty can't exist together in a relationship.”
“I want to be on the right side of history when our contributions are scrutinized 1,000 years from now.”
“Unforgiveness is like a weed that stops a beautiful flower from growing as it should.”
“Whenever life hits me, I may bend like a nail but never break.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“A feeling is no longer the same when it comes the second time. It dies through the awareness of its return. We become tired and weary of our feelings when they come too often and last too long.”
“If you want to heal for real, forgive.”
“What habits you adopt on your ordinary days determines what you can achieve on your extraordinary days.”
“One who makes himself a worm cannot complain afterwards if people step on him.”
“Even though our time in this life is temporary, if we live well enough, our legacy will last forever.”
“When I lost my sight, Werner, people said I was brave. When my father left, people said I was brave. But it is not bravery; I have no choice. I wake up and live my life. Don't you do the same?”
“Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment.”
“Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits and Are melted into air, into thin air: And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.”
“Millions of challenges have come to me. Each challenge was decorated with passion and hard work. The place I won all the challenges is the place I got lost in”
“You see I kept asking myself then: why am I so stupid that if others are stupid—and I know they are—yet I won't be wiser?”
“Your broken heart will never heal until you seek peace and forgive.”
“Dear Daughter, It is not about proving people wrong or right. It is about proving yourself right by doing what is right.”
“Many times, we're told not to explore what we want. And sometimes it is for a good reason. But at other times, it is either for our protection or for the protection of others.”
“If I’d learned anything over the past few weeks, it was that talking about your loved ones kept them alive, and I needed that. I was certain Jax needed that, too.”
“We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.”
“I have no idea what's awaiting me, or what will happen when this all ends. For the moment I know this: there are sick people and they need curing.”
“I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles”
“Life is not in any way guaranteed. With each minute that you get to live, be grateful for it.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“Forgiveness is like cutting down the roots of evil. When you forgive, you will feel free.”
“The Wind Will Carry Us In my night, so brief, alas The wind is about to meet the leaves. My night so brief is filled with devastating anguish Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows? This happiness feels foreign to me. I am accustomed to despair. Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows? There, in the night, something is happening The moon is red and anxious. And, clinging to this roof That could collapse at any moment, The clouds, like a crowd of mourning women, Await the birth of the rain. One second, and then nothing. Behind this window, The night trembles And the earth stops spinning. Behind this window, a stranger Worries about me and you. You in your greenery, Lay your hands – those burning memories – On my loving hands. And entrust your lips, replete with life's warmth, To the touch of my loving lips The wind will carry us! The wind will carry us!”
“If you are uncomfortable in your own skin. You'll settle to be in anyone's arms, And this is how you suffocate and this is how you disappear.”
“Not only did you overcome the greatest of odds to be born alive, You are also a descendent of a long line of people  A long line of people who lived, laughed, dreamt, overcame, and loved. A descendent of a great line of kings, queens, heroes, heroines, warriors, and conquerors. You are a product of a long tale of love stories that bore fruit. A result of love stories that had to birth specific people at specific times since the beginning of time  You, my friend, are the ultimate testimony and proof that love lives. Love qualified you to be here.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it, and be willing to grow.”
“An awful realization that I have been fooling myself all my life thinking there was a next thing to do to keep the show going and actually I'm just a sick clown and so is everybody else ”
“No one is sorry for how they’ve treated you. They will only show remorse after you gain the power to ruin their lives.”
“Life had been hard on him, but he was still moving, and he was still working, and he was still fighting for those who couldn't fight for themselves.”
“Life offers various lessons, but it is your choice to take them or leave them. If you take those lessons, you will make your way into the world of wisdom.”
“You can never outrun your unhealed wounds.”
“It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.”
“An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture”
“You're stressing over things that haven't even happened yet.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.”
“Sometimes bad things have to happen before good things can.”
“The sharpest minds often ruin their lives by overthinking the next step, while the dull win the race with eyes closed.”
“People sometimes assume everything about you but in reality know noting about you.”
“Original characteristics may check by breakage of any metal.. Similarly apply to human beings..”
“Hobbes: Do you think there's a God? Calvin: Well, somebody's out to get me!”
“Leaders should know their goals and champion the accomplishment of those goals by leading others in the right direction. A directionless leader is chaotic to follow.”
“Waste yourself: give yourself to others!”
“Sometimes I become the wanderer ”
“Every relationship that has hit a crossroads has asked, “What is it that you want from me?”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?”
“They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you die.”
“I know my life's meaningful because" - and here he stopped, and looked shy, and was silent for a moment before he continued - " because I'm a good friend. I love my friends, and I care about them, and I think I make them happy.”
“Material riches can never feed the hunger that we all possess for the living God.”
“I was blind and heart broken and didn't want to do anything and Gus burst into my room and shouted, "I have wonderful news!" And I was like, "I don't really want to hear wonderful news right now," and Gus said, "This is wonderful news you want to hear," and I asked him, "Fine, what is it?" and he said, "You are going to live a good and long life filled with great and terrible moments that you cannot even imagine yet!”
“Wisdom will make you more alive than ignorance. Because the ignorant is no better than the dead.”
“There is no greater inspiration to a life than finding and following its valuable path.”
“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”
“Great leaders do not focus on the problems, but on how to solve them.”
“Listen, everyone, you all have your own circumstances. Some of you come from rich families,and some poor. But your value isn't determined by such things--by things beyond your control. Each one of you must discover your own worth through your own efforts. So  don't make the mistake of thinking you alone are special.”
“It will hurt you to realize that people who wronged you have moved on with their lives as if nothing happened, but it will please you to know that forgiveness sets you free and empower you to move on as well.”
“Only after a million moments of confusion you get a moment of clarity.”
“Personally, I don’t like inherently happy people. I don’t trust them. I think there’s something seriously wrong with anyone who isn’t at least a little let down by the world.”
“The way you separate Reality from Imagination is the number of bandages you have to use.”
“The more dependent you are, the more afraid you will be. The key to fearlessness is independence. The key to fearlessness in freedom!”
“There is something incredibly beautiful about a woman, who knows herself, she can't break, she just falls but in every fall she rises, past who she was before.”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“This world that was our home for a brief spell never brought us anything but pain and grief; its a shame that not one of our problems was ever solved. We depart with a thousand regrets in our hearts.”
“Honey, a life without love isn’t a life worth living. Besides, you don’t get to choose whether or not you love someone. If only. How much easier would life be if we could just make that choice? Love… it doesn’t listen to reason.”
“It was like when you ripped a piece of paper into two: no matter how you tried, the seams never fit exactly right again.”
“The shortness of life, so often lamented, may be the best thing about it.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“Maybe there is no Heaven. Or maybe this is all pure gibberish—a product of the demented imagination of a lazy drunken hillbilly with a heart full of hate who has found a way to live out where the real winds blow—to sleep late, have fun, get wild, drink whisky, and drive fast on empty streets with nothing in mind except falling in love and not getting arrested . . . Res ipsa loquitur. Let the good times roll.”
“girls please give your bodies and your lives to the young men who deserve them besides there is no way I would welcome the intolerable dull senseless hell you would bring me and I wish you luck in bed and out but not in mine thank you.”
“Enhancing One’s Story "It is easier to move forward when you’re happy with your story.”
“What I have learned so far had been an incredible journey and adventure. I remained in my own character even when I was not well liked. I now enter a room looking for people I may like rather than for those who will like me. There are people who change their demeanor between regular people and professional people. Just try to be who you are consistently and let those closest to you see your best, along with those you work with. People around you should not be the cause of change in your personal character.”
“If sorrow is written in your fate, the reason would not necessarily be analytical”
“The masses do not need big words from their leaders. They only need to see their leaders take action when it matters most.”
“You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.”
“The moment you put someone on a pedestal they will look down upon you. The trick is respecting each other equally.”
“The right thing and the easy thing are never the same.”
“To live a pain-free life, is to forgive those who caused you pain.”
“If truth is the best form of honor, success is the best form of justice.”
“Each Reading is another form of Time Travel or Experiencing the Multiverse.”
“The day you stop looking for happiness outside, the very day you will be happy.”
“Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.”
“We all are different and our journeys will be different too.”
“Happiness comes from solving problems. [ ] Happiness is a constant work-in-progress. The solutions to today's problems will lay the foundation for tomorrow's problems.”
“I feel like a big faker because I've been putting my life back together, and nobody knows.”
“When people become prisoners of daily habits and happen to be hostages of choices, which they made in the past, but which they finally do not actually want, they experience the need to abandon their corporeal prison at a certain time in life. ( "Corporeal prison" )”
“A person that treats you nicely and disrespects the waiter is not a nice person. Stay away from people like that and most importantly: Don’t be like that.”
“You are not the world, but you are everything that makes the world good. Without you, my life would still exist, but that's all it would manage to do.”
“Speak with caution. Even if someone forgives harsh words you've spoken, they may be too hurt to ever forget them. Don't leave a legacy of pain and regret of things you never should have said.”
“There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.”
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”
“This work was strictly voluntary, but any animal who absented himself from it would have his rations reduced by half.”
“Comparison -He continued: Comparison exists in everything material and immaterial, when you stand in front of the library shelf to buy a book on a subject, you look at the author’s name first, to compare the quality of his presentation with the fame of his writer. When you enter a café, you look at the people in it, associating its importance with the importance of the customers, their looks, their clothing brand, and their watches. I know a café in Vienna, that you are not allowed to enter unless you wear specific clothing brands, and its prices are very high, although the coffee in it tastes bad, yet everyone sees it as an excellent coffee. These two papers are of the same color, you will not see them, not because they do not reflect light, or because they are colorless, but because there is no frame of reference on which the mind can rely to distinguish between them. He bent the little one to stick out its tip: but now, you have another frame of reference, this bend exposed it. Just because you see something when you do not have a proper frame of reference to base it on does not mean it does not exist. He smiled and looked him straight in the eye: just as you did not see that Roman worker on the bridge, it does not mean he does not exist.”
“You'll reach a comfort zone in your life and start to wonder how you got there, how did you miss the sign posts that directed your real inner truth? Don't feel so guilty, you know when your meant to know and I guess that's the thing they don't teach you; when growing up, pain is inevitable but staying the same is a choice. Don't question why your feeling ready for something new, question why you stayed the same for so long.”
“What’s it going to be? A life of time, or the time of your life? You decide.”
“There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life.”
“In life, I am harmless, not heartless. At times, I feel hopeless. But in the end, I am never helpless.”
“Every little bit of peace I bring someone is worth the peace I never had.”
“I never heard sound and thrill of my painful heart until that very day she touched it.”
“Fights begin and end with handshakes.”
“Night or day, who cares about the time? Feel the adrenaline rushing down the spine. Take a little chance, for it is the time to dance.”
“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”
“Maddox refuses to free his demons because without them, he’s worried he won’t know who he is.”
“Every leader will always face opposition. But great leaders cannot be disturbed by the tricks of the opposition. They are always driven to help their followers achieve their goals.”
“That's the problem with memories: you can visit them, but you can't live in them.”
“You have to be honest with yourself about what's holding you back from moving on. Are you holding on to some unfinished business? If so, write it down and confront it so you can deal with it”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“I am going to sit here in the river. If you go home to sleep, I will sleep in front of your house. And if you go away, I will follow you--until you tell me to go away. Then I'll leave. But I have to love you for the rest of my life..”
“The more you care for those who don't care for you, the more you'll hurt yourself.”
“A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.”
“Only through absolute submission can the soul ascend through dance.”
“Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.”
“Leadership is all about the transformation of people’s lives. Without transformation, there is no leadership.”
“Forget the troubles of the world and savor life's pleasures.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to go the extra mile, put in the extra work.”
“Winning gives you confidence! So learn to celebrate your ‘little’ successes.”
“Don't doubt yourself, that's what haters are for.”
“I woke up as the sun was reddening; and that was the one distinct time in my life, the strangest moment of all, when I didn't know who I was - I was far away from home, haunted and tired with travel, in a cheap hotel room I'd never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the creak of the old wood of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all the sad sounds, and I looked at the cracked high ceiling and really didn't know who I was for about fifteen strange seconds. I wasn't scared; I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my whole life was a haunted life, the life of a ghost.”
“That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.”
“Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!”
“Authentic leaders do not lead for the sake of validation. They are validated by the impact of their contributions.”
“The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“Your life is your business. Take care of it and treat it like serious business. Do not get too involved in other people’s businesses and neglect yours in the process.”
“Life is too short to be fighting for what is not rightfully yours.”
“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
“This thing I am feeling, I’m almost certain, is the closest I’ll ever come to standing somewhere in between truth and reconciliation.”
“People use you because you are useful. Nobody uses a useless person.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“Don't set your needs on the amount of money you have, earn money for your needs.”
“Life is about a constant flow of breaths, without which one is essentially dead. Therefore, learn to appreciate every breath you take.”
“There is no point in wasting away over what could’ve, should’ve been, because one cannot go back to find out the answer. We can only move forward, and make the best of the path we tread.”
“Do not deny yourself a pleasant life. Forgive!”
“Forgiveness is like hunting for treasure. You will not find it until you search the right place.”
“Life without failures and heartbreaks ain't no life at all.”
“I am still in the land of the dying; I shall be in the land of the living soon. (his last words)”
“How rich or poor we are depends on whom and what we compare with.”
“Time is my friend when it doesn't let the bad moments stay but it becomes my enemy when it lets the good moments pass by.”
“Ups and Down. Breakups and makeups. Knits, purls and a ton of dropped stitches. This was why I loved these women. They'd stuck with me through it all. And when life gave us lemons, we took those darn lemons, made lemon drop martinis, and danced.”
“Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!”
“Seeing through a person's internal dialogue helps you connect with them.”
“Forgiveness does not depend on the offence. It depends on the extent to which the offended is willing to forgive the offender.”
“Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.”
“How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.”
“My great longing is to learn to make those very incorrectnesses, those deviations, remodellings, changes of reality, so that they may become, yes, untruth if you like - but more true than the literal truth.”
“Life is our pilgrimage to get to our heavenly home.”
“No matter what happened yesterday it is insignificant when compared to what lies within the core of your being today.”
“He looked him right in the eyes and saw a man who was great and good and human, who had done extraordinary things and terrible things and been broken and reassembled as a shell, only then to do the bravest thing of all: He had kept on living, though there are easier paths to take.”
“Plato says that the unexamined life is not worth living. But what if the examined life turns out to be a clunker as well?”
“Leadership means finding solutions to problems that seem impossible to solve.”
“No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.”
“A home is a source of safety and comfort.”
“Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece”
“There is a time in the life of every boy when he for the first time takes the backward view of life. Perhaps that is the moment when he crosses the line into manhood. The boy is walking through the street of his town. He is thinking of the future and of the figure he will cut in the world. Ambitions and regrets awake within him. Suddenly something happens; he stops under a tree and waits as for a voice calling his name. Ghosts of old things creep into his consciousness; the voices outside of himself whisper a message concerning the limitations of life. From being quite sure of himself and his future he becomes not at all sure. If he be an imaginative boy a door is torn open and for the first time he looks out upon the world, seeing, as though they marched in procession before him, the countless figures of men who before his time have come out of nothingness into the world, lived their lives and again disappeared into nothingness. The sadness of sophistication has come to the boy. With a little gasp he sees himself as merely a leaf blown by the wind through the streets of his village. He knows that in spite of all the stout talk of his fellows he must live and die in uncertainty, a thing blown by the winds, a thing destined like corn to wilt in the sun.”
“There's a sorrow and pain in everyone's life, but every now and then there's a ray of light that melts the loneliness in your heart and brings comfort like hot soup and a soft bed.”
“Leadership is when a leader is able to lead those who follow him towards the set goals.”
“You know the saying: he who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it. And when it's repeated, the stakes are doubled.”
“It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.”
“Dear Daughter, Some dark clouds help you realize you are a child of the light and that yours is to shine your light.”
“If love is a city, to enter it you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“The man who claimed money was the root of all evil had no idea what he was talking about. Different generations, or eras, will come up with different solutions.”
“My love of writing and sending positive messages to the world has taught me to begin from the very beginning of life.”
“Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.”
“Love! How many legends were organized for it? It was said that it is the most mysterious human feeling that pushes us to do things we are not ready for and heedless of us. Despite the reality, and the difficulties, we do the impossible, and in the name of love, we do miracles. Just legends but the truth is that history did not mention that any miracle has happened thanks to love. Myths, of which there is no use but our consolation, and the justification of our blind rush behind unjustified, incomprehensible feelings, to do what we were not ready to do, and then we pay the price with a reassuring conscience, and with a comfortable mind, in the name of love. If we analyze these feelings, love, anger, hate, tranquility, fear, we will find that they are another face of pain, just chemical reactions inside our bodies, and hormones controlled by our mind, it decides when to kindle the fire of love in us, and when to make hate blind us. If you know how to motivate the mind to produce the hormone needed to produce the desired emotions, then you do not have to talk about anything anymore. It is all your emotions, which are yours. This inevitably makes human feelings subject to causation in the universe, unless our feelings are from another world, not causal. Therefore, the most magical words remain, those that come out of the mouth of a lover describing his love for his lover, “I love you without reason.” This is the impossibility desired, and in the subconscious, these words have charm and glamour, and the tongue of the lover says, “My love for you is not from this causal world, neither the color of your hair, nor your eyes, nor your body, nor your sweet voice, nor your way of speaking, nor anything that you possess is a reason why I love you, because my love for you is not causal, does not belong to this world.” A lie loved by the mind of the lovers, a legend among the millions which says, that nothing in this world can anticipate the feelings and moods of human beings before they occur, and more precisely, the private feelings and fluctuations, of an individual, to be precise, and not just of a large group of people, the more we try to customize it, the more difficult it becomes. And where the indicators of the collective mind, the demagogue, can give us an idea of the general direction and the future fluctuations of a society or group of people, not because of a weakness in the lines of defense of feelings, but rather because we know that the mob, the collective mind, and the herd, will force many to follow it, even if it violates what they feel, what they want at their core. The mind is designed for survival, and you know that survival’s chances are stronger with the stronger group, the more number, it will secrete all the necessary hormones, to force you to follow the herd. However, the feelings assigned to a particular person remain an impossible task, so many people are able to deceive each other by showing signs of expected trends and fluctuations that contradict the reality of what they feel. Humans and scientists have treated it as something unpredictable, coming from another world, a curse on science, as if it were a whiff of a magical spell cast on us from the immemorial. But in fact, emotions are causal, and every cause has a causative. Like everything else in this world, the laws of chaos and randomness apply to them. They can be accurately predicted, formulated into mathematical equations, and even manipulated. All it takes is to have something that contains all the cosmic events, a number we did not imagine, starting with the flutter of a butterfly, a breath of air, temperatures across the universe, a word a man says to his son, a donkey’s kick, a rabbit’s jump, and ending with the movement of stars and planets, and cosmic explosions, and beyond, and able to deal with them, and with the hierarchical possibilities of their occurrence.”
“How could I ever be lonely when I am with my own best self.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“She supposed they were imperfections, those marks, but they didn't feel that way to her; they were a history, cut into his body: the map of a life of endless war.”
“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books. Books make sense of life. The only problem is that the lives they make sense of are other people's lives, never your own.”
“When great leaders look at problems, they see opportunities to provide solutions. Not just for their benefit but for the sake of those who follow them.”
“Some people are interested in others life because they feel dissatisfied with their own.”
“But some climbs you have to make alone.”
“I strongly believe that our communities can be easily improved by educating the population that’s residing there.”
“We fool ourselves so much we could do it for a living.”
“Life can be hard sometimes. When the journey gets tough, refuse to give up. Hold on until you rise.”
“Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!”
“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings.”
“For I am—or I was—one of those people who pride themselves in on their willpower, on their ability to make a decision and carry it through. This virtue, like most virtues, is ambiguity itself. People who believe that they are strong-willed and the masters of their destiny can only continue to believe this by becoming specialists in self-deception. Their decisions are not really decisions at all—a real decision makes one humble, one knows that it is at the mercy of more things than can be named—but elaborate systems of evasion, of illusion, designed to make themselves and the world appear to be what they and the world are not. This is certainly what my decision, made so long ago in Joey’s bed, came to. I had decided to allow no room in the universe for something which shamed and frightened me. I succeeded very well—by not looking at the universe, by not looking at myself, by remaining, in effect, in constant motion.”
“Living might mean taking chances, but they're worth taking. Loving might be a mistake. but its worth making”
“At the end of the day, what is life? A beautiful journey. Why must we take it so seriously and not enjoy every moment of it? Why not let any person have his chance in anything he desires?  Why not vanish the hate and forgive? Why not follow our dreams and make them reality?”
“Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good, God would permit us to be pirates.”
“A dot of your life you can transform into the comma.”
“Love changes what is probable and makes unlikely things possible.”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“If you seek a life of harmony, you must alter your current practices”
“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.”
“Nowadays I'm floating between helplessness and loneliness. I hold so much sadness.”
“Life is always going to get in the way of our best intentions and most well-made plans.”
“If there be light, then there is darkness; if cold, heat; if height, depth; if solid, fluid; if hard, soft; if rough, smooth; if calm, tempest; if prosperity, adversity; if life, death.”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough ”
“The present is a point just passed.”
“Nothing in this world compares to the comfort and security of having someone just hold your hand.”
“You're always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.”
“Life is legitimately an organized affair and experience, however one that is interesting for many reasons, one being the complete unpredictability of mass events and outcomes.”
“You miss a lot in life by not expressing your feelings.”
“Some of your best weapons against unhappiness may be on the shelf of your own heart.”
“Life is good when you know that you were born for a reason—a good reason, for that matter. It does not matter what happens. The most important thing is that you were born to make an impact.”
“My dear, In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love. In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile. In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm. I realized, through it all, that… In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back. Truly yours, Albert Camus” I like this because only one part is usually quoted but the full quote has such symmetry.”
“Just because you're a master of sport, doesn't mean you're a master of life.”
“He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that you're his princess.”
“The first source of advice you should listen to is your instinct. ”
“If everyone treated you right, you would not know your true worth in life. Your true worth is fully understood when you are able to stand, even after you have gone through the worst. That is why forgiveness is so important.”
“Me: “I refuse to attend Support Group.” Mom: “One of the symptoms of depression is disinterest in activities.” Me: “Please just let me watch America’s Next Top Model. It’s an activity.” Mom: “Television is a passivity.” Me: “Ugh, Mom, please.” Mom: “Hazel, you’re a teenager. You’re not a little kid anymore. You need to make friends, get out of the house, and live your life.” Me: “If you want me to be a teenager, don’t send me to Support Group. Buy me a fake ID so I can go to clubs, drink vodka, and take pot.” Mom: “You don’t take pot, for starters.” Me: “See, that’s the kind of thing I’d know if you got me a fake ID.” Mom: “You’re going to Support Group.” Me: “UGGGGGGGGGGGGG.” Mom: “Hazel, you deserve a life.”
“I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark”
“A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.”
“Me and my loneliness, friends forever.”
“Having blessed with ears does not guarantee that you will understand everything that has been said to you.”
“The best way to learn is by watching other people make mistakes and try things”
“Living means being able to get out of the cycle of loneliness, boredom, and expectations, having carefree access to new pleasures and no money worries.”
“I am a person who is unhappy with things as they stand. We cannot accept the world as it is. Each day we should wake up foaming at the mouth because of the injustice of things.”
“Life has so many twists and turns. What is more significant is to live with gratitude rather than regrets; to live with enthusiasm and avoid any form of pessimism; to live by faith and realize that regardless of the circumstances, you can still attain greatness.”
“We all glow differently!”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“and that’s understandable. You feel that something is being taken away from you. And perhaps, in some ways, the situation has been unfair. But life, my dear, is often unfair. The solution, however, is never to dig in deeper where you are. The solution is to reach a hand over the trenches and, as our dear friend Forster would say, connect. Only connect.”
“Sometimes we love with nothing more than hope. Sometimes we cry with everything except tears. In the end that’s all there is: love and its duty, sorrow and its truth. In the end that’s all we have - to hold on tight until the dawn”
“Sometimes the only way to ever find yourself is to get completely lost.”
“They are all trapped into setting innocents aside due to reality gaps of "logic" of the crowd and letting guilty rise… Reality poses obstacles to fair and just people with injustice and unfairness and abuse. The incompetent reign and those who have true worth are set aside.”
“It's much easier to not know things sometimes. Things change and friends leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody.”
“Ever drifting down the stream ⎼ Lingering in the golden gleam ⎼ Life, what is it but a dream?”
“Let go of what keeps pulling you back. Forgive!”
“The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.”
“I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.”
“Don’t bother trying to explain your emotions. Live everything as intensely as you can and keep whatever you felt as a gift from God. The best way to destroy the bridge between the visible and invisible is by trying to explain your emotions.”
“Only pain is free. For Happiness you need to pay, and the price is your kindness”
“The desire to love someone always exceeds the desire to be loved by someone & that's exactly why we end up loving the person who doesn't deserve that LOVE.”
“YOU FEAR TO DIE? "It's not that I don't want  I mean, I've always it's just that life is a habit that's hard to break ”
“Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.”
“A child's curiosity is greater, bolder, and louder than the fear within.”
“Dear Daughter, The best thing you can do is be the best version of yourself.”
“If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“When you’re too tired and feel like giving up on life, sit down and ponder over the journey of water.”
“Sweet talk's like salt. You can add some later, if need be, but if you pour out too much, you can't sift it out again.”
“Choose to differentiate If you like something, or you like the idea of liking something. There is a difference between liking sex and liking the idea of having sex. Most people lose themselves or destroy themselves thinking they like something, only to find the just like the idea of it.”
“We should count time by heart-throbs. He most lives, Who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.”
“The word no is like an asset in a metaphorical bank account where our life’s energy is the holding. Use it to save, and use it to earn a greater sense of yourself, what’s important to you, and where you want to spend your time and energy.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.”
“Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighbourhood of despair. Even when all doors remain closed, God wil open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that has been denied.”
“If disappointments from the past keep distracting you from moving forward in life, find better ways to overcome. Yes, disappointments will occur. Broken dreams will be real from time to time. But never, ever, ever, ever conclude your life based on your past. You can still prosper. Let go of your painful past. Do what sets your soul on fire and you will live a better life.”
“It’s a shame, really; all the exciting things happen when you’re not there to witness them. It’s almost as if life is purposefully trying to annoy you in that way.”
“There were five others before they got to him. He smiled a little when his turn came. His voice was low, smoky, and dead sexy. “My name is Augustus Waters,” he said. “I’m seventeen. I had a little touch of osteosarcoma a year and a half ago, but I’m just here today at Isaac’s request.” “And how are you feeling?” asked Patrick. “Oh, I’m grand.” Augustus Waters smiled with a corner of his mouth. “I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.”
“ Happiness So early it's still almost dark out. I'm near the window with coffee, and the usual early morning stuff that passes for thought. When I see the boy and his friend walking up the road to deliver the newspaper. They wear caps and sweaters, and one boy has a bag over his shoulder. They are so happy they aren't saying anything, these boys. I think if they could, they would take each other's arm. It's early in the morning, and they are doing this thing together. They come on, slowly. The sky is taking on light, though the moon still hangs pale over the water. Such beauty that for a minute death and ambition, even love, doesn't enter into this. Happiness. It comes on unexpectedly. And goes beyond, really, any early morning talk about it.”
“Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
“When working on relationships, it’s not that the other person’s issues don’t exist, it’s just that ours are the only ones that we ever have any ability to fix.”
“Time can change you more than you plan to change.”
“Ambition is the herald of dawn despite the most evident dusk.”
“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.”
“I never wanted to go away, and the hard part now is the leaving you all. I'm not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.”
“Everything seems simpler from a distance.”
“With positive thoughts we can soar, And open up infinite doors, With negative thoughts we can stall, And create a life so small.”
“Sometimes you meet people and know immediately that they were meant to be your friend.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“Love doesn't sit in a bank account; relationships are life's true wealth.”
“When you can control your emotional thermostat, you give gratitude a place to stay.”
“Find someone who has a life that you want and figure out how they got it. Read books, pick your role models wisely. Find out what they did and do it.”
“Sometimes, forgiveness is the key you need to unlock many miracles in life.”
“If you behave like 'Sheep', the other's will eat you. But if you roar like 'Lion', others will afraid of you!”
“We smile, we cry, we win, we lose, now, strong wind and, after, a friendly breeze hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, we come, and we go, we departure from the world, In this little part of infinity that we live Amidst Birth and Death, acrobats”
“Some people may be sick from holding grudges. All they need to do is forgive and be fine.”
“We know from daily life that we exist for other people first of all, for whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
“Politeness is organized indifference.”
“Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.”
“Life can be so short. So, as each day passes by, do not forget that you are also passing by. Be wise with your time.”
“Nothing is more natural than mutual misunderstanding; the contrary is always surprising. I believe that one never agrees on anything except by mistake, and that all harmony among human beings is the happy fruit of an error.”
“Your ability to take right decisions in present determines your future.”
“I need to stop fantasizing about running away to some other life and start figuring out the one I have.”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“Unforgiveness is like weeds; your seeds will not thrive until you remove those weeds. Forgive, and you will flourish.”
“Poverty has its advantages. When you're that poor what would you have that anyone would want? Except your peace of mind. Your dignity. Your heart. The important things.”
“The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.”
“Along with the idea of romantic love, she was introduced to another--physical beauty. Probably the most destructive ideas in the history of human thought. Both originated in envy, thrived in insecurity, and ended in disillusion.”
“When the golden rabbit had safely emerged out of the forbidden passage, he pondered the direction back to his lair. “How can it be I don’t live where I used to live anymore? How can that be? Alright then….alright. What a strange dream…I feel as though I’ve been eaves dropping in tempo…but not in time!” The hare hopped off, humming passages from Miles Davis’ “Kind of Blue”.”
“Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.”
“Do you believe a man can truly love a woman and constantly betray her? Never mind physically but betray her in his mind, in the very "poetry of his soul". Well, it's not easy but men do it all the time.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“Don't let life stand in the way of y'our future.”
“The world is a funny place. You can sacrifice your life and soul for the world, and it will never return your kindness. The world is such a cruel mistress.”
“Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.”
“I wonder why I don't go to bed and go to sleep. But then it would be tomorrow, so I decide that no matter how tired, no matter how incoherent I am, I can skip on hour more of sleep and live.”
“The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.”
“Thy thoughts have become imbecilic, to think life has no value, a meaningless mind has no reason for existence. -MillYentei”
“Successful leaders may seem weak, yet they can implement powerful strategies that help many win.”
“E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.”
“It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Loyalty should be mutual, not one-sided.”
“If reality is not what you want it to be, change it.”
“When you're the most happening person at the party, it's time to leave”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Because I'm selfish. I'm a coward. I'm the kind of girl who, when she might actually be of use, would run to stay alive and leave those who couldn't follow to suffer and die.”
“What makes horse riders win the race is their ability to focus on where they are going. What makes leaders win is their ability to focus on the task at hand.”
“The difference between what you say and what you do is the real you.”
“Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.”
“You serve a greater cause. Your life is not yours to throw away (Magnus Bane)”
“Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized.”
“Give positivity to negative people, don't become negative like them.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about imposing solutions on the people you lead, but discussing the problems in order to have a collective effort in addressing the existing problems.”
“No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.”
“My life didn't please me, so I created my life.”
“I don't think you ever realize how much you love something until you have to give it up.” ~Haley James Scott”
“I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.”
“I was taught to prioritize what's "important"; food, water, children (Being the eldest among our siblings, I was taught to watch out for the younger ones). I was taught that the important stuff wasn't shiny; it involved logistics, practicals, survival. Only the necessary stuff to get by. Style, beauty, self-expression, affairs, superficiality — these are luxuries in my world. I could barely afford to eat lunch, much less buy clothes or get my hair styled in a salon. My family couldn't afford cable TV so I never watched MTV to learn the latest trends. So when I started high school, I had no regard for appearances. This is how I learned, the hard way, that maturity has no place with teenagers who could afford to have fun.”
“Extraordinary leaders put more effort into what they do and do their work with excellence. They are always cautious about their actions.”
“Memories are nothing but ghosts in the corners of our minds.”
“Life is a time leased by Death”
“The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.”
“Life is a blank canvas, and you need to throw all the paint on it you can.”
“Maybe Shakespeare was right. Maybe all the world was a stage. Maybe without the act everything would fall apart. The key to happiness wasn't being yourself, because what did that even mean? Everyone had many selves. No. The key to happiness is finding the lie that suits you best.”
“It's a good idea always to do something relaxing prior to making an important decision in your life.”
“You know, life fractures us all into little pieces. It harms us, but it's how we glue those fractures back together that make us stronger.”
“Forgiveness is an emotional band-aid for a bleeding heart.”
“Life is based on good and evil, stay on the good side always.”
“CALVIN: When I grow up I want to be an inventor. First I will invent a time machine. Then I'll come back to yesterday and take myself to tomorrow and skip this dumb assignment.”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”
“make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty.”
“There are so many things I can't believe. That people deserve what they get, both bad and good. That one day I'll live in a world where people are judged by what they do instead of who they are. That happy endings don't have contingencies and conditions.”
“Transformational leadership is the ability to follow an ethical mandate, in order to attain the goals that lie ahead.”
“Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.”
“Look, everyone talks about the unknown like it's some big scary thing, but it's the familiar that's always bothered me. It's heavy, builds up around you like rocks, until it's walls and a ceiling and a cell.”
“I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality.”
“I've come to believe that in everyone's life, there's one undeniable moment of change, a set of circumstances that suddenly alters everything.”
“Forgiveness is about realizing that a human can err and still do better, even after doing the worst.”
“Always remember in life your thoughts makes you who you are”
“Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.”
“Learn as much as you can. Love as much as you should.”
“Any moment has the possibility to be the climax of your story, and if you live with that perspective, well, life is simply extraordinary.”
“The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization.”
“Gamble everything for love, if you're a true human being.”
“Help someone, you earn a friend. Help someone too much, you make an enemy.”
“Time is life and time can never be saved. It can only be spent in the right way.”
“Transformational leadership is about maximizing limited resources in order to obtain great results.”
“Forgiving somebody who is not contrite is removing the root of bitterness before the poison sets in. ”
“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
“Those who sat with him saw his eyes go moist when they spoke about something horrible, or crinkle in delight when they told him a really bad joke. He was always ready to openly display the emotion so often missing from my baby boomer generation. We are great at small talk: 'What do you do?' 'Where do you live?' But really listening to someone -- without trying to sell them something, pick them up, recruit them, or get some kind of status in return -- how often do we get this anymore?”
“You rely too much on brain. The brain is the most overrated organ.”
“You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“True victory is gotten when the one who was meant to be a victim chooses to forgive.”
“Was it always to be like this? she wondered. A moment of joy followed by a new sorrow?”
“We all have the same root, and are connected  To tap into this connectedness we must go within.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Just the sight of one another, just the sight of our smiles was enough to fill our hearts with the joy of seeing each other again.”
“I've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. At first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. The next day you want more. You're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.You think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. But then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. Now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. If he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. And just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love."- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept”
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.”
“Indeed, even if one masters the skill, there's always a room for advancement.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT Goodbye.”
“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.”
“No one suddenly understood the very important things about life when they were born because it takes time to understand such things! This time is 5 years for some, 35 for some, 90 years for some, but for some it takes 200 years, 300 years or 1000 years, but this time their lifetime makes it impossible to reach such existential enlightenment!”
“We never choose to love. It just happens.”
“The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve. ”
“That’s the sad irony of life. Once we learn our lessons… it’s over.”
“Our life is what our thoughts make it.”
“Sometimes the spirits want to possess the corporeal bodies. They also want to enjoy life in physical form.”
“Power is good when given to leaders who desire to empower others, but terrible when given to those with the intention to oppress others.”
“One doesn't come to Italy for niceness, one comes for life!”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“when we were kids laying around the lawn on our bellies we often talked about how we'd like to die and we all agreed on the same thing; we'd all like to die fucking (although none of us had done any fucking) and now that we are hardly kids any longer we think more about how not to die and although we're ready most of us would prefer to do it alone under the sheets now that most of us have fucked our lives away.”
“In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring . I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”
“Classification and then reduction, the mind’s strongest weapon against conscience, if it wants to relieve your conscience to kill innocents, it would classify them within a group and include with them those who deserve death in its view, then reduce all the small details into generalities, and ignore them. As it will not fail a trick, to make the killing of children and women an inevitable necessity, towards a higher goal and a better world. Thus began the story of Baibars himself, nearly twenty years ago, when the extremist organization decided to classify the entire American people as one group, ignoring that the number of Muslims killed by Muslims themselves was many times greater than those killed because of American policies in the Middle East, and then decided that the destruction of their opponents in the Middle East. The destruction of the World Trade Center in Manhattan. Their minds reduced all the details; a child playing in his father’s office, a girl waiting for her mother’s return, a wife on the plane eager to meet her husband, their conscience did not hesitate for a moment to kill thousands of innocent people, for the sake of their ultimate goal. And so did America itself, when it decided to avenge its murderers, categorized, reduced, and shot everyone. Its pilots saw neither the children nor the families in the homes they were about to demolish over their heads. So did Hitler, Napoleon, Hulagu, and every serial killer known to mankind. It makes you like a pilot driving a plane, throwing a bomb over the houses, not seeing the trace of what it did on the ground, and if he carried it with his hand and walked in the streets, and watched the children, women, the innocent, who would fall dead from this bomb, he would not detonate it, but he only sees houses that look like matchboxes from the sky, general picture, no details. Satan’s most powerful weapon for controlling the mind, or the most powerful weapon of the mind to control us, and at some point, it masters it, to the point where it no longer needs to justify, reduce, or categorize anything, kill your opponents, and all their offspring, destroy them, burn them, leave none of them. Since many minds are tools in the hands of Satan, it can manipulate them as it wants. Since its working mechanisms have become known to him, Baibars decided, why not? Why do not we make them tools for good. He used Satan’s own style, manipulated everyone, and at times, reduced, but according to his laws, do not reduce the innocent. He is not afraid, he made his decision in the war, and whoever made this decision must bear the consequences of it. He wished time would go back a thousand or two thousand years and freeze there, where the wars between human beings were fought with swords and arrows, at that time, not many innocents fell, only soldiers who made their decision in advance to war, to kill, knowing that they might die. Everyone had the time and the ability to think, make decisions, and even escape. While today, most of the victims of wars do not make a decision, they pay with their lives without anyone asking them if they want to be part of this war at all. Cities are bombed and destroyed over the heads of their inhabitants, and most of them reject this war from the beginning. When someone detonates a bomb in a mall, he does not ask the victims of his bombing about their political stances, their religion, and even if they want to be part of this war, and so do the planes, they do not ask, and their victims have no opportunity to make a decision. As for him, Baibars, he made up his mind It is to fight in defense of those who did not have the opportunity to take it.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil. Learn to ignore the unsettling noise. Use the time you have to do more.”
“Wildflower; pick up your pretty little head, It will get easier, your dreams are not dead.”
“When does this happen! What about your conscious mind, your brain, which shows you the truth at its own whims, ignores the data of the senses as it wants, and interprets it as it wants, enslaves you, colonizes you, marginalizes yourself and your truth, to survive in the body and enjoy. -How does he do it? Do you need me to tell you? After we agreed, my friend, that physical and psychological torment makes you imagine things that do not exist, contrary to the truth, and who is the one who controls the transmission of nerve signals for pain? Who controls the hormones and secretion of those that control your psychological state? Who is capable of subjecting you to the worst kinds of physical and psychological torment, to make you think that the bird is a leaf, who has the full power to do this to you? If I had a description then, it would not be more accurate than the weapon of your subconscious mind, with which it fights that devil in your head, its way to answer, find me, arrange my whole life, so that it can transcend your brain’s control over you.”
“Sometimes fate or life or whatever you want to call it, leaves a door a little open and you walk through it. But sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key, or pick the lock, or knock the damn thing down. And sometimes, it doesn't even show you the door, and you have to build it yourself. But if you keep waiting for the doors to be opened for you  I think you'll have a hard time finding single happiness, let alone that double portion.”
“Sometimes those whom offended you will look at you and wonder how you do it, not knowing you are free because you chose to forgive.”
“Dear Daughter, You need to get on your knees, to access the keys to doors that remain unseen.”
“I am ready for whatever's coming. I expect nothing but to be let down or turned away. I am alone. Goddamn. The shit hurts sometimes, but I realize what I am, what I have become.”
“How does life treat me? Life is the "I" or divine Ego, and the "ME" is the corporeal part. We are all visitors, I treat it well and it does the same to me.”
“If difficult decisions were easy, everypne would make them.”
“I am extreme in everything I do Can immensely love and can immensely hate U choose”
“I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.”
“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
“Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward.”
“If you care about something you have to protect it – If you’re lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.”
“There comes a time in your life when you don't care what others think of you! because deep down you are sure of what you are.”
“Sometimes you must banish the thought before it’s safe to live in the mind.”
“Only if you are possible, everything will be possible.”
“I feel like someone ripped my heart out, smashed it with a meat tenderizer until it resembled a piece of jerky, then gave it back to me and said, ‘Here you go, you’ll be fine, go live the rest of your life.”
“When you run with the Doctor, it feels like it'll never end. But however hard you try you can't run forever. Everybody knows that everybody dies and nobody knows it like the Doctor. But I do think that all the skies of all the worlds might just turn dark if he ever for one moment, accepts it. Everybody knows that everybody dies. But not every day. Not today. Some days are special. Some days are so, so blessed. Some days, nobody dies at all. (In the library, the Doctor walks back to the TARDIS. He stops, looking at the doors. Then he raises his hand, and stands there poised like that for a long moment. Finally he snaps his fingers. The doors open. He smiles slowly and walks in, joining Donna. Then he snaps his fingers again, and the doors close. River's voice continues over this.) Now and then, every once in a very long while, every day in a million days, when the wind stands fair, and the Doctor comes to call  everybody lives.”
“By the truth we are undone. Life is a dream. 'Tis the waking that kills us. He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”
“When it comes to love and happiness, don't compare your real life experiences to someone else's seemingly perfect well-crafted social media posts.”
“Dear Daughter, Wherever you go, you represent your name, your natives and your neighbourhood. Represent them well.”
“In our hearts we all know if we are right or wrong.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“One day, you will give away your last breath. You may not know when, how and where that will happen. The only One who knows is neither you nor me, but God, the Giver of life.”
“To look life in the face, always, to look life in the face, and to know it for what it is at last, to love it for what it is, and then, to put it away ”
“Dear Leader, When you lead people, at least try to understand them at their level. They will also relate well to you and support you as their leader.”
“If you want me to continue doing good for you. Then be appreciative of the things I do for you.”
“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
“Trusting in God is an easy way to simplify life. He will give you a plethora of miracles to testify about.”
“Secrets are suffocating.”
“A forgiving heart, peace of mind, and a beautiful life are enough.”
“Get busy living or get busy dying.”
“But how could you live and have no story to tell?”
“No longer do I sing, dance or draw pictures; but God has granted me the gift to do them all in my stories.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark and shine bright. Just like a candle makes its mark by shining in the dark.”
“You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.”
“I won't tell you that the world matters nothing, or the world's voice, or the voice of society. They matter a good deal. They matter far too much. But there are moments when one has to choose between living one's own life, fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands. You have that moment now. Choose!”
“My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.”
“I have risen once. I know how to rise again.”
“You are not the victim always. Sometimes you are the culprit too.”
“It’s not where you live your life; it’s how you live your life that matters more.”
“Without spiritual self-renewal, it is extremely difficult to live within each moment. Without spiritual self-renewal, we live with the ghosts of the past and carry them with us to the future, effectively robbing ourselves of the present and never fulfilling our destiny and purpose.”
“When illness and old age are no longer indulgent and strength is irrevocably seeping away, brightness fades insidiously away from the light of the day and time only betrays reckless evanescence. (“Into a new life”)”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
“Leadership is about showing others the right direction, and many people get lost when their leaders lack a sense of direction.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“There are no happy endings  There are no endings, happy or otherwise. We all have our own stories which are just part of the one Story that binds both this world and Faerie. Sometimes we step into each others stories - perhaps just for a few minutes, perhaps for years - and then we step out of them again. But all the while, the Story just goes on.”
“It is not the cards you are dealt in life that matters–it is how you play your hand.”
“My family approved all of my books, after that I didn't care what the world would whisper behind my back.”
“I do not regret one moment of my life.”
“I can’t really act the way I want to act, or say what I want to say all the time. And a lot of times, I cover that up with a smile.”
“I think life is beautiful no matter what anyone else says. They criticize the rainbow too, don’t they?”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.”
“No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.”
“Congratulations on the new library, because it isn't just a library. It is a space ship that will take you to the farthest reaches of the Universe, a time machine that will take you to the far past and the far future, a teacher that knows more than any human being, a friend that will amuse you and console you -- and most of all, a gateway, to a better and happier and more useful life. [ Letters of Note ; Troy (MI, USA) Public Library, 1971]”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“There is someone special for everyone. Often there are two or three or even four. They come from different enerations. They travel across oceans of time and the depths of heavenly dimensions to be with you again. They come from the other side, from heaven. They look different, but your heart knows them. Your heart has held them in arms like yours in the moon-filled deserts of Egypt and the ancient plains of Mongolia. You have ridden together in the armies of forgotten warrior-generals, and you have lived together in the sand-covered caves of the Ancient Ones. You are bonded together throughout eternity, and you will never be alone.”
“The world needs poetry now more than ever. It's the only thing that can keep music from copying itself and sounding the same.”
“People die all the time. Life is a lot more fragile than we think. So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets. Fairly, and if possible, sincerely. It's too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies.”
“Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“Don't be a slave to your partner. Be their equal partner.”
“I used to believe in happy endings,” the answer followed, spoken in perfect Therian, surprising Alison. “The way every person out there is given with greater cause and deserves happiness. But one person I met told me their theory. I don’t completely agree, but  some of us are just a little stone in an enormous wall, existing just to help push or inspire others.” After taking another bottle, she stroked her cheek and pulled away. “The man will look at the poor stranger and decide not to be him. Some of us suffer just to give an opportunity for others to be happy. If my existence makes someone happy in the future, it’s okay.”
“Every person you love can't be a part of your forever.”
“I'm learning everyday that taking time for yourself is so important. It's the key to finding clarity and understanding the relationships in your life, especially the one with yourself!”
“For Jenn At 12 years old I started bleeding with the moon and beating up boys who dreamed of becoming astronauts. I fought with my knuckles white as stars, and left bruises the shape of Salem. There are things we know by heart, and things we don't. At 13 my friend Jen tried to teach me how to blow rings of smoke. I'd watch the nicotine rising from her lips like halos, but I could never make dying beautiful. The sky didn't fill with colors the night I convinced myself veins are kite strings you can only cut free. I suppose I love this life, in spite of my clenched fist. I open my palm and my lifelines look like branches from an Aspen tree, and there are songbirds perched on the tips of my fingers, and I wonder if Beethoven held his breath the first time his fingers touched the keys the same way a soldier holds his breath the first time his finger clicks the trigger. We all have different reasons for forgetting to breathe. But my lungs remember the day my mother took my hand and placed it on her belly and told me the symphony beneath was my baby sister's heartbeat. And I knew life would tremble like the first tear on a prison guard's hardened cheek, like a prayer on a dying man's lips, like a vet holding a full bottle of whisky like an empty gun in a war zone… just take me just take me Sometimes the scales themselves weigh far too much, the heaviness of forever balancing blue sky with red blood. We were all born on days when too many people died in terrible ways, but you still have to call it a birthday. You still have to fall for the prettiest girl on the playground at recess and hope she knows you can hit a baseball further than any boy in the whole third grade and I've been running for home through the windpipe of a man who sings while his hands playing washboard with a spoon on a street corner in New Orleans where every boarded up window is still painted with the words We're Coming Back like a promise to the ocean that we will always keep moving towards the music, the way Basquait slept in a cardboard box to be closer to the rain. Beauty, catch me on your tongue. Thunder, clap us open. The pupils in our eyes were not born to hide beneath their desks. Tonight lay us down to rest in the Arizona desert, then wake us washing the feet of pregnant women who climbed across the border with their bellies aimed towards the sun. I know a thousand things louder than a soldier's gun. I know the heartbeat of his mother. Don't cover your ears, Love. Don't cover your ears, Life. There is a boy writing poems in Central Park and as he writes he moves and his bones become the bars of Mandela's jail cell stretching apart, and there are men playing chess in the December cold who can't tell if the breath rising from the board is their opponents or their own, and there's a woman on the stairwell of the subway swearing she can hear Niagara Falls from her rooftop in Brooklyn, and I'm remembering how Niagara Falls is a city overrun with strip malls and traffic and vendors and one incredibly brave river that makes it all worth it. Ya'll, I know this world is far from perfect. I am not the type to mistake a streetlight for the moon. I know our wounds are deep as the Atlantic. But every ocean has a shoreline and every shoreline has a tide that is constantly returning to wake the songbirds in our hands, to wake the music in our bones, to place one fearless kiss on the mouth of that brave river that has to run through the center of our hearts to find its way home.”
“I really like playing my guitars. Y’know, they don’t call it working my guitars, right?”
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
“Life is a journey no one ever reported on. We all just live on a presumption of what it is.”
“Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.”
“Be a believer in possibilities. Even in the dark, see the opportunities. Cast your gaze beyond the shadows.”
“Life can be very short. Therefore, make the most of it, so you won’t spend the rest of your life in regret.”
“Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within ”
“Life initially is not difficult to live in but the circumstances we create in the journey of life can damage or mend one's life.”
“Wisdom is knowing I am nothing, Love is knowing I am everything, and between the two my life moves.”
“Tired of running inside my head I just want to lay in bed But things are just getting started How can I escape Can I close my eyes and not open them again? Can I draw me in pain Can I write me this broken I don't know how to deal with what I'm feeling I feel like crying Tears started shedding Problem is a like a pill Making myself sleeping Just for a moment of escaping Feels like I'm dreaming Can someone come and save me I am not me I'm inside of me.”
“Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly.”
“It hurts to let go, to say goodbye for the final time and remain distant in your closure, it may even tear your heart out to the point of insanity; but somehow in it all you find the pieces of your worth and you start creating yourself again, and in that journey of transformation you find the essence of what truly matters, inner happiness. It's life, we all fall at some stage but it's up to you, to decide how long you want to stay there.”
“On your way to success, you will occasionally meet those who are not impressed by what you do. Keep going; do not be bothered by their opinions. Life is not about impressing everyone. It is about having goals and actualizing them, whether others are impressed or unimpressed.”
“We must laugh and cry, enjoy and suffer, in a word, vibrate to our full capacity … I think that’s what being really human means.”
“The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.”
“This is life by all means necessary”
“Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.”
“It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. ”
“A huge wave has magic and when it hits you it has a punch effect! Well, life is just like that, a giant wave, both fascinating and shocking!”
“If an encounter with a person doesn't feel right, probably it's not right.”
“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”
“If only our lives had background music.”
“We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.”
“Adrien Bach, main character from The Maker: You know, when you’re a kid, you think you’re going to grow up to be something special, do something important. You’re not going to be a regular Joe like everybody else. But then you get out there and life starts to hit you. It hits you so many times, eventually you just can’t get up anymore. Or won’t. And then you just don’t know. Those dreams seem to fade away, and suddenly you’re not sure who you are anymore.”
“Sometimes in life, you need opposers. Like the air pressure that fills up a flat tyre and enables it to perform at its best, such people can help accelerate your growth process if you do not allow them to hinder your success.”
“You want to play house, you got to have a job. You want to play very nice house, very sweet house, then you got to have a job you don't like. Great. This is the way ninety-eight-point-nine per cent of the people work things out, so believe me, buddy, you've got nothing to apologize for.”
“I do not want beings to suffer, I want all to live happy healthy lives while ending up with peaceful deaths.”
“O heart, do not lose your kindness for kindness is your greatness.”
“When a broken heart heals, it becomes stronger than anything in the world.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“I go to seek a Great Perhaps.”
“All I am is literature, and I am not able or willing to be anything else.”
“Dear Daughter, Look for what you can do and do it well. Allow excellence to be your emblem.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“For one day there will be nothing left, yet we will have something. -me- I tried to wait for my life to begin. Something has to happen. Like an amazing boy. I know he's out there. I just have to find him.”
“Writing does not make me rich, but I am enriched every day I write.”
“Awaken from the slumber of despair, as the heart repairs and memories dance to the song called time.”
“I learned that ruling poor men's hands is nothing. Ruling men's money's a wedge in the world. But after I'd split it open a crack I looked in and saw the trick inside it, the filthy nothing, the fooled and rotten faces of rich and successful men.”
“The most irrelevant thing in your life is the opinion of your haters.”
“If you had asked me to stop breathing, I would have complied without complaining. But not loving you is not an option.”
“being born a princess is all right, but behaving like one can be dangerous.”
“Perhaps the most "spiritual" thing any of us can do is simply to look through our own eyes, see with eyes of wholeness, and act with integrity and kindness.”
“Those who don't jump will never fly.”
“One time I saw a tiny Joshua tree sapling growing not too far from the old tree. I wanted to dig it up and replant it near our house. I told Mom that I would protect it from the wind and water it every day so that it could grow nice and tall and straight. Mom frowned at me. "You'd be destroying what makes it special," she said. "It's the Joshua tree's struggle that gives it its beauty.”
“Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you CHOSE your life, you didn’t SETTLE for it.”
“One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!”
“Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.”
“You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy; happiness is no longer the point. It's all about survival; it's all about whether you pull the knife out and bleed to death or keep it in ”
“Live a life of gratitude and forgive even those who have a negative attitude towards you. When you have no room for grudges and follow the path of forgiveness, great things will gravitate towards you.”
“On this road there are no godspoke men. They are gone and I am left and they have taken with them the world.”
“one is good but ten is better. together is a powerful, beautiful, and peaceful.”
“Sometimes the bright sun rises behind the high mountains, sometimes the luminous full moon rises, sometimes black storm clouds appear! Such are the days of life, sometimes hope and sometimes despair emerge from the horizon!”
“Unanswered questions leave more room for possibilities. -Maybe/Maybe Not Dying Girl”
“Mission is purpose magnified, Purpose is potential focused, Potential is protoplasm evolving, Protoplasm is a pocket universe.”
“The reality of a situation may be completely different from what you are assuming.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“Money will be of no use to you if you still cannot turn it into great deeds.”
“Paper is more patient than man.”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely. Think once!”
“You will never forget that painful past if you do not forgive in your heart.”
“When I was young, I forgot how to laugh in the cave of Trophonius; when I was older, I opened my eyes and beheld reality, at which I began to laugh, and since then, I have not stopped laughing. I saw that the meaning of life was to secure a livelihood, and that its goal was to attain a high position; that love’s rich dream was marriage with an heiress; that friendship’s blessing was help in financial difficulties; that wisdom was what the majority assumed it to be; that enthusiasm consisted in making a speech; that it was courage to risk the loss of ten dollars; that kindness consisted in saying, “You are welcome,” at the dinner table; that piety consisted in going to communion once a year. This I saw, and I laughed.”
“Asking for a reason for your existence It is like questioning someone in silence. I felt rusted in this world full of gold, that even if I made myself brand new, everyone already knew.”
“There is no such thing as 'normal.' Normal is just a setting on the dryer." - Ariana's Grandma”
“But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of.”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow…”
“A man could be a lover and defender of the wilderness without ever in his lifetime leaving the boundaries of asphalt, powerlines, and right-angled surfaces. We need wilderness whether or not we ever set foot in it. We need a refuge even though we may never need to set foot in it. We need the possibility of escape as surely as we need hope; without it the life of the cities would drive all men into crime or drugs or psychoanalysis.”
“Spring passes and one remembers one's innocence. Summer passes and one remembers one's exuberance. Autumn passes and one remembers one's reverence. Winter passes and one remembers one's perseverance.”
“Dear Daughter, There is only one version of you worldwide. That is how unique you are. So, know who you are and live your life with a sense of pride.”
“In my time, I've written some books & essays, and I've loved, and I love still.”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved”
“Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.”
“I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.”
“Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.”
“Life will defend itself no matter how small it is.”
“Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That’s part of what it means to be alive.”
“Laugh, even when you feel too sick or too worn out or tired. Smile, even when you're trying not to cry and the tears are blurring your vision. Sing, even when people stare at you and tell you your voice is crappy. Trust, even when your heart begs you not to. Twirl, even when your mind makes no sense of what you see. Frolick, even when you are made fun of. Kiss, even when others are watching. Sleep, even when you're afraid of what the dreams might bring. Run, even when it feels like you can't run any more. And, always, remember, even when the memories pinch your heart. Because the pain of all your experience is what makes you the person you are now. And without your experience---you are an empty page, a blank notebook, a missing lyric. What makes you brave is your willingness to live through your terrible life and hold your head up high the next day. So don't live life in fear. Because you are stronger now, after all the crap has happened, than you ever were back before it started.”
“You are greatly blessed. You do not have to walk around holding onto a grudge. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“I was giving up. I would have given up - if a voice hadn't made itself heard in my heart. The voice said "I will not die. I refuse it. I will make it through this nightmare. I will beat the odds, as great as they are. I have survived so far, miraculously. Now I will turn miracle into routine. The amazing will be seen everyday. I will put in all the hard work necessary. Yes, so long as God is with me, I will not die. Amen.”
“I exist when we exist.”
“Dwelling among shipwrecked dreams and losing oneself in wishful thinking cannot be a solution to tribulations. Identifying cracks and apprehending the defaults in one's life is essential to find a way to get out of a ghetto and to start a search for a new haven. ("The world was somewhere else" )”
“Be in charge of your inner peace. Take a step towards forgiveness and you will win.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you, and that you will work with these stories  water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom.”
“Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently. Some people say there are true things to be found, some people say all kinds of things can be proved. I don't believe them. The only thing for certain is how complicated it all is, like string full of knots. It's all there but hard to find the beginning and impossible to fathom the end. The best you can do is admire the cat's cradle, and maybe knot it up a bit more.”
“Dear Leader, Sometimes people will say demeaning things to you and about you as the leader. Do not diminish yourself by deviating from the goal. Focus on the right direction until you get to the desired destination.”
“Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.”
“You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.”
“Keep your mind strong with knowledge; keep your heart strong with faith.”
“That’s the duty of the old, to be anxious on behalf of the young. And the duty of the young is to scorn the anxiety of the old.”
“You've a good heart. Sometimes that's enough to see you safe wherever you go. But mostly, it's not.”
“Forgiveness does not mean you embrace foolishness. It is a means to prevent any bitterness from taking up space in your life.”
“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.”
“Anything that necessitates human interpretation is susceptible to errors.”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“Mostly, I could tell, I made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't understand me, and he was sort of holding it against me. I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idea out of laziness.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs. There is no such thing as a linear life. But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“Life is apple rings fried in bacon, followed by a walk on the beach, raging winds driving the rain sideways. Life is frosty nights and blue-sky days”
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.”
“It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.”
“He who has the vision of the soul attains immortality and lives in the ecstasy of divine consciousness.”
“Earth's crammed with heaven  But only he who sees, takes off his shoes.”
“If you need peace of mind, never mind what people do to you. Mind what you need to do for yourself. Forgive them and do good for your own sake.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is always about making the best decisions, even when people think you are wrong. In the end, they will realise that you were right.”
“Always be fearless. Walk like lion, talk like pigeons, live like elephants and love like an infant child.”
“Find a reason to forgive for the sake of your inner peace.”
“Why be shy, have no fear of the response, even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out.”
“Fortune crowns the bold before the worthy”
“If Jesus could forgive those who crucified Him on the cross, then let the cross be a reminder of how possible it is to forgive.”
“Men are like roses. You have to watch out for the pricks.”
“That I shall love always, I argue thee that love is life, and life hath immortality”
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”
“Life is more fun if you play games.”
“You should always do what you can to make life sweeter.”
“Wise people choose silence. Kind people choose to answer.”
“Timendi causa est nescire - Ignorance is the cause of fear.”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth  This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.”
“If you see the dragon fly, best you drink the flagon dry.” —Zarost”
“Can I tell you one thing?” Melonhead says. I swallow. “Sure.” “One day isn’t your whole life, Murph.” He waits until I look at him. “A day is just a day.” I scoff and slouch in the chair. “So what are you saying? That people shouldn’t judge me on one mistake? Tell that to Judge Ororos.” He leans in against the table. “No, kid. I’m saying you shouldn’t judge yourself for it.”
“Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction.”
“Fear is like the sea. If we let ourselves sink in it, we will drown. No one knows how long they have or the hardships to come. All we can do is spend our days treasuring each moment.”
“There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.”
“When going through hard times, hold on tight until you overcome. With perseverance and God on your side, things will get better. Never give up on yourself, no matter how hard life becomes. One day, you will be fine.”
“Some people, they can't just move on, you know, mourn and cry and be done with it. Or at least seem to be. But for me  I don't know. I didn't want to fix it, to forget. It wasn't something that was broken. It's just something that happened. And like that hole, I'm just finding ways, every day, of working around it. Respecting and remembering and getting on at the same time. ”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience, Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“It's like this old patchwork quilt my momma used to have Each piece on that quilt meant something. And some of those pieces were the damn ugliest things you've ever seen But some of the pieces were so beautiful they almost hurt my eyes to look at when I was a kid That's the best you can hope for, Danny. That your life turns out like that patchwork quilt. That you can add some bright, sparkling pieces to the dirty, stained ones you have so far. That in the end, the bright patches might take up more space on your quilt than the dark ones.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure: the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Romantics. This book does contain some romantic ideas, and romantic situations that are of the heart, nothing that is in anyway X rated, not even R. But definitely a bit of romance.”
“Same world, but different time zones. Therefore, past, present and future are one. Three in one.”
“How many times have you tried to talk to someone about something that matters to you, tried to get them to see it the way you do? And how many of those times have ended with you feeling bitter, resenting them for making you feel like your pain doesn't have any substance after all? Like when you've split up with someone, and you try to communicate the way you feel, because you need to say the words, need to feel that somebody understands just how pissed off and frightened you feel. The problem is, they never do. "Plenty more fish in the sea," they'll say, or "You're better off without them," or "Do you want some of these potato chips?" They never really understand, because they haven't been there, every day, every hour. They don't know the way things have been, the way that it's made you, the way it has structured your world. They'll never realise that someone who makes you feel bad may be the person you need most in the world. They don't understand the history, the background, don't know the pillars of memory that hold you up. Ultimately, they don't know you well enough, and they never can. Everyone's alone in their world, because everybody's life is different. You can send people letters, and show them photos, but they can never come to visit where you live. Unless you love them. And then they can burn it down.”
“Forgive yourself even if you feel you do not deserve it. Remember that if you do not forgive yourself, no one will do it for you.”
“We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.”
“The rook is my favorite piece.’ she said. ‘It’s the one you think you don’t have to watch out for. It is straightforward. You keep your eyes on the queen, and the knight and the bishop, because they are the sneaky ones. But is the rook that often gets you. The straightforward is never quite what it seems.”
“You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense.”
“I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.”
“Some details in life may look insignificant but appear to be vital leitmotifs in a person's life. They may have the value of "Rosebuds" of Citizen Kane or "Madeleine cookies" of Marcel Proust or "Strawberry fields" of the Beatles. People regularly walk down the memory lane of their early youth. The paper boats of their childhood are recurrently floating on the waves of their mind and bring back the mood and the spirit of the early days. They enable us to retreat from the trivial, daily worries and can generate delightful bliss and true joy in a sometimes frantic and chaotic life. ("Paper boats forever" )”
“Many things are not as they seem: The worst things in life never are.”
“About once or twice every month I engage in public debates with those whose pressing need it is to woo and to win the approval of supernatural beings. Very often, when I give my view that there is no supernatural dimension, and certainly not one that is only or especially available to the faithful, and that the natural world is wonderful enough—and even miraculous enough if you insist—I attract pitying looks and anxious questions. How, in that case, I am asked, do I find meaning and purpose in life? How does a mere and gross materialist, with no expectation of a life to come, decide what, if anything, is worth caring about? Depending on my mood, I sometimes but not always refrain from pointing out what a breathtakingly insulting and patronizing question this is. (It is on a par with the equally subtle inquiry: Since you don't believe in our god, what stops you from stealing and lying and raping and killing to your heart's content?) Just as the answer to the latter question is: self-respect and the desire for the respect of others—while in the meantime it is precisely those who think they have divine permission who are truly capable of any atrocity—so the answer to the first question falls into two parts. A life that partakes even a little of friendship, love, irony, humor, parenthood, literature, and music, and the chance to take part in battles for the liberation of others cannot be called 'meaningless' except if the person living it is also an existentialist and elects to call it so. It could be that all existence is a pointless joke, but it is not in fact possible to live one's everyday life as if this were so. Whereas if one sought to define meaninglessness and futility, the idea that a human life should be expended in the guilty, fearful, self-obsessed propitiation of supernatural nonentities… but there, there. Enough.”
“What makes people tick? Life can be a trap of ennui, but imagery may be a redemptive escape from dullness. The iconic power and exuberance of images generate an inexorable addiction that needs to be gratified without respite. Here and now! ("Give me more images")”
“One of the liabilities of being a deep thinker, Wyatt mused, was that it left him vulnerable to existential crises.”
“Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“If we are not apt to steer our life and engineer our individuality, we become preys of the pecking order or panting cardboard characters turning into walking dead. ("Terra incognita" )”
“Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.”
“Leaders who lack a vision will never know where they are going.”
“When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!”
“Do not let your difficulties fill you with anxiety, after all it is only in the darkest nights that stars shine more brightly.”
“I really don't see anything romantic in proposing. It is very romantic to be in love. But there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal. Why, one may be accepted. One usually is, I believe. Then the excitement is all over. The very essence of romance is uncertainty. If ever I get married, I'll certainly try to forget the fact.”
“Life leads us into its spaces slowly. We’re not sure what awaits us next. We set out to explore it, moving circumspectly, with a sense of anticipation then suddenly it opens up and teases us with its transparency.”
“Transformational leaders do not focus on chasing after an income; they pay more attention to the genuine transformation of their followers.”
“Learning was a by-product of her search for pleasure”
“There is no end To what a living world Will demand of you.”
“Effective leaders take crucial steps to find solutions. They examine the problem, the reasons why it exists and how they can solve it or live with it.”
“Letting go of painful memories warms up the body, mind, and spirit”
“You can't just plan a moment when things get back on track, just as you can't plan the moment you lose your way in the first place.”
“That’s how stories happen — with a turning point, an unexpected twist. There’s only one kind of happiness, but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes. It’s like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
“I am not the same having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.”
“So go out and live real good and I promise you'll get beat up real bad. But, in a little while after you're dead, you'll be rotted away anyway. It's not gonna matter if you have a few scars. It will matter if you didn't live.”
“Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others.”
“Live the moment. Cherish the present. Anticipate the future. Frame the yesteryear”
“People need to know they are trusted, guided and supported by their leaders in order to excel. Exceptional leaders are always keen to do that.”
“We, unaccustomed to courage exiles from delight live coiled in shells of loneliness until love leaves its high holy temple and comes into our sight to liberate us into life. Love arrives and in its train come ecstasies old memories of pleasure ancient histories of pain. Yet if we are bold, love strikes away the chains of fear from our souls. We are weaned from our timidity In the flush of love's light we dare be brave And suddenly we see that love costs all we are and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free.”
“Life is not a competition. Be content with what you have, and do not contend with anyone who seeks to compete with you.”
“We cannot be always successful, but we can be always true.”
“We are not strangers in this journey of life…We are connected to each other through this mysterious field of love.”
“Dear Leader, Be a "fit-for-purpose" kind of leader who makes a great impact on society.”
“Life’s greatest gift is the freedom it leaves you to step out of it whenever you choose.”
“I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart”
“It feels worse to stay silent when thoughts in your head scream loud.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain it to pretend like nothing happen.”
“Our survival instincts give us a true sense of strength.”
“I DON'T CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. "I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!" "You do care," said Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his office. His expression was calm, almost detached. "You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.”
“If you can't take your eyes off other lives, then your own life turns into a pale ghost!”
“Maybe the truth was, it shouldn't be so easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder--if not impossible--to lose.”
“Dear Daughter, Just to give you a heads-up, keep your head up. You are enough.”
“Ten seconds, that's all it takes for life to throw you a curveball.”
“First find out what you are capable of, then decide who you are.”
“Leadership is not for the selfish. It is for those who are selfless enough to hold others by the hand and help them get up.”
“After all, tomorrow is another day!”
“i hope that whoever you are wherever you are and no matter how you are feeling you will always have something to smile about.”
“The core of leadership is serving in humility, for humility is the aroma that inspires people to follow and be motivated to make a difference in excellence.”
“May you live every day of your life.”
“[L]ife isn't run by principles but by adjustments.”
“It's rare to have such people in life who understand the scars you carry in your heart.”
“The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.”
“Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.”
“Despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it's time for them to be hurt.”
“Chasing a person doesn’t give you value or build values in you. You earn your value by chasing morality and practicing dignity.”
“Forgiveness is possible when you understand that everything happens for a reason. Even though some of those reasons may not be justifiable, when you choose to forgive, you usher yourself into a new season.”
“Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back.”
“ Ithaka As you set out for Ithaka hope the voyage is a long one, full of adventure, full of discovery. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, angry Poseidon—don’t be afraid of them: you’ll never find things like that on your way as long as you keep your thoughts raised high, as long as a rare excitement stirs your spirit and your body. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, wild Poseidon—you won’t encounter them unless you bring them along inside your soul, unless your soul sets them up in front of you. Hope the voyage is a long one. May there be many a summer morning when, with what pleasure, what joy, you come into harbors seen for the first time; may you stop at Phoenician trading stations to buy fine things, mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony, sensual perfume of every kind— as many sensual perfumes as you can; and may you visit many Egyptian cities to gather stores of knowledge from their scholars. Keep Ithaka always in your mind. Arriving there is what you are destined for. But do not hurry the journey at all. Better if it lasts for years, so you are old by the time you reach the island, wealthy with all you have gained on the way, not expecting Ithaka to make you rich. Ithaka gave you the marvelous journey. Without her you would not have set out. She has nothing left to give you now. And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you. Wise as you will have become, so full of experience, you will have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.”
“The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.”
“Love thy neighbor yes, but love thyself first.”
“You can either be ungrateful for what you don't have or be grateful for what you have got.”
“Human beings are a useful servant living with a dangerous Master Technology”
“Inside of all of us there is the need and the desire to be heard, to have our innermost thoughts, feelings and desires expressed for others to hear, to see and to understand. We all want to matter to someone, to leave a mark. Writers just take those thoughts, feelings and desires and express them in such a way that the reader not only reads them but feels them as well.”
“Stuff your eyes with wonder," he said, "live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. Ask no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping its life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.”
“Life is painful and messed up. It gets complicated at the worst of times, and sometimes you have no idea where to go or what to do. Lots of times people just let themselves get lost, dropping into a wide open, huge abyss. But that's why we have to keep trying. We have to push through all that hurts us, work past all our memories that are haunting us. Sometimes the things that hurt us are the things that make us strongest. A life without experience, in my opinion, is no life at all. And that's why I tell everyone that, even when it hurts, never stop yourself from living.”
“Forgive them so you can forget what they put you through.”
“Let all of life be an unfettered howl.”
“I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.”
“Dear Daughter, Some great doors may not have keys to their locks. So as you knock – invite God. He alone knows how to unlock any door.”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“Things can be cleaned and replaced. Great moments cannot afford to be lost.”
“Even if you admire someone else’s life, do not desire it, for you do not know what they have gone through.”
“After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.”
“Atticus had said it was the polite thing to talk to people about what they were interested in, not about what you were interested in.”
“I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next. Delicious Ambiguity.”
“Life sucks, then you die. Then it sucks again. ”
“The person who hurt you--who raped you or killed your family--is also here. If you are still angry at that person, if you haven't been able to forgive, you are chained to him. Everyone could feel the emotional truth of that: When someone offends you and you haven't let go, every time you see him, you grow breathless or your heart skips a beat. If the trauma was really severe, you dream of revenge. Above you, is the Mountain of Peace and Prosperity where we all want to go. But when you try to climb that hill, the person you haven't forgiven weighs you down. It's a personal choice whether or not to let go. No one can tell you how long to mourn a death or rage over a rape. But you can't move forward until you break that chain.”
“When the path you’re on is so unclear And your feet move stone by stone Just trust your faith will calm your fear And help your soul to find its home”
“There is something incredibly nostalgic and significant about the annual cascade of autumn leaves.”
“Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.”
“A person can learn a lot from a dog, even a loopy one like ours. Marley taught me about living each day with unbridled exuberance and joy, about seizing the moment and following your heart. He taught me to appreciate the simple things-a walk in the woods, a fresh snowfall, a nap in a shaft of winter sunlight. And as he grew old and achy, he taught me about optimism in the face of adversity. Mostly, he taught me about friendship and selflessness and, above all else, unwavering loyalty.”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“Beware of the small things. A small leak can sink a great ship.”
“Do not walk around carrying other people’s baggage. Forgive!”
“God defines you, not this world.”
“True love is like a tower house; this one requires strong pillars and foundation to withstand windstorms. And the mains of these pillars are patience and sacrifice!”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“Sometimes you must put down the map, give up the way you thought it was going and, like Lewis and Clarke, make a new map after you’ve blazed a new trail.”
“He was unheeded, happy, and near to the wild heart of life. He was alone and young and wilful and wildhearted, alone amid a waste of wild air and brackish waters and the seaharvest of shells and tangle and veiled grey sunlight.”
“Stop caring much about someone who wouldn't think twice before hurting you.”
“When you're lost in those woods, it sometimes takes you a while to realize that you are lost. For the longest time, you can convince yourself that you've just wandered off the path, that you'll find your way back to the trailhead any moment now. Then night falls again and again, and you still have no idea where you are, and it's time to admit that you have bewildered yourself so far off the path that you don't even know from which direction the sun rises anymore.”
“It's in the morning, for most of us. It's that time, those few seconds when we're coming out of sleep but we're not really awake yet. For those few seconds we're something more primitive than what we are about to become. We have just slept the sleep of our most distant ancestors, and something of them and their world still clings to us. For those few moments we are unformed, uncivilized. We are not the people we know as ourselves, but creatures more in tune with a tree than a keyboard. We are untitled, unnamed, natural, suspended between was and will be, the tadpole before the frog, the worm before the butterfly. We are for a few brief moments, anything and everything we could be. And then and then -- ah -- we open our eyes and the day is before us and   we become ourselves.”
“People are not lazy, they simply have impotent goals..that is..goals that do not inspire them.”
“For the death of others is it’s life.”
“How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.”
“Ignorance is bliss, Knowledge is pain. To know is to grow, To grow is inconvenient.”
“But while my inner voice was clearly telling me I was at my core an entrepreneur, it's inconvenient to decide at twenty-three that you can't really work for other people.”
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.”
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
“Because . . . most of us think that the point is something to do with work, or kids, or family, or whatever. But you don't have any of that. There's nothing between you and despair, and you don't seem a very desperate person.' 'Too stupid.' 'You're not stupid. So why don't you ever put your head in the oven?' 'I don't know. There's always a new Nirvana album to look forward to, or something happening in NYPD Blue to make you want to watch the next episode.' 'Exactly.' 'That's the point? NYPD Blue? Jesus.' It was worse than he thought. 'No, no. The point is you keep going. You want to. So all the things that make you want to are the point. I don't know if you even realize it, but on the quiet you don't think life's too bad. You love things. Telly. Music. Food.”
“People make stories about you when they can't face you.”
“Leadership is not an easy task. Yet, leaders are expected to make the lives of those they lead much easier.”
“If nothing changes then nothing changes.”
“Do your best and give it all to God  Remember that your best can always improve.”
“Stalked by wolves, eaten by witches, and trapped in a tower for over a decade. No one's life is a fairytale, or at least I would hope not!”
“Faith is about recognizing that your life is in God’s hands and that in His hands there is greatness.”
“The day I died was just like any other idle Thursday.”
“I asked my heart, the meaning of Happiness. I found my Soul, walking along its route long before my Mind had known. Because Happiness simply tastes like Love in a bottle of galloping Moments, nimbly fleeting yet wonderfully etched in Time's bosom of Never-ending Smile.”
“Some things you hear with your ears. Others, you hear with your heart.”
“By forgetting everything you have learned, that is the moment you start educating.”
“In their quest for wisdom, wise leaders surround themselves with wise advisors and they listen to wise counsel.”
“When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, “My life has just begun.”
“Give me some sunshine, Give me some rain! Why the hell am I asking you, When I'm the steward of my own reign!”
“Here's what I think, Mr. Wind-Up Bird," said May Kasahara. "Everybody's born with some different thing at the core of their existence. And that thing, whatever it is, becomes like a heat source that runs each person from the inside. I have one too, of course. Like everybody else. But sometimes it gets out of hand. It swells or shrinks inside me, and it shakes me up. What I'd really like to do is find a way to communicate that feeling to another person. But I can't seem to do it. They just don't get it. Of course, the problem could be that I'm not explaining it very well, but I think it's because they're not listening very well. They pretend to be listening, but they're not, really. So I get worked up sometimes, and I do some crazy things.”
“It might be possible that the world itself is without meaning.”
“Believing in is a good thing but questioning your beliefs gets you closer to the truth.”
“Inspiration is the most cherished attribute of every generation.”
“My grandpa always said asking a question is embarrass for a moment but not asking a question is embarrasing for a life time”
“Effective leaders are often moved by the needs of their followers and the need to accomplish a collective vision. That is why they are able to make the right moves and win big.”
“You can't blame her,' said Amit. 'After a life so full of tragedy anyone would become hard.' 'What tragedy?' asked Mrs. Chatterji. 'Well, when she was four,' said Amit, 'her mother slapped her--it was quite traumatic--and then things went on in that vein. When she was twelve she came in second in an exam It hardens you.”
“A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.”
“Some prefer isolation. Some prefer crowd.”
“Effective leaders create efficiencies and eliminate deficiencies.”
“Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. If you do not, the sun will soon set, and you with it.”
“Men often find themselves caught between the stress of work and home life, and it can be frustrating when people assume their life is perfect based on social media posts. Men may feel pressure to hide their stress and sadness because they don't want to burden their loved ones with their problems. Instead, they feel the need to put on a brave face and hide their true emotions to keep others from feeling sad too. Unfortunately, this can lead to a cycle of suppressing emotions and ignoring one's own needs for the sake of others. It's important to remember that not all men are the same, and some may struggle with depression or anxiety. It's essential to seek help when needed, even if it means having difficult conversations with loved ones. Ultimately, it's crucial to prioritize mental health and self-care, even if it means taking a step back from responsibilities or seeking professional help. It's okay to not always be okay, and it's important to have support systems in place that can provide a safe space for men to open up about their emotions and feelings.”
“In the symphony of life, knowing when to heed the wisdom of experts and when to lend an ear to the collective voices of people is the art of harmony.”
“I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”
“Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“The basis on which I live and breath is clearly not my making or written by me. I live because the firmament and the bodies that control the existence of man found me worthy. I'm here occupying space, tilling/ harvesting. Gradually, I fade into the stars ⭐. And in the end , I'm only but a sojourner who wouldn't stay till the end of time" @agboportia”
“But I’m not guilty,” said K. “there’s been a mistake. How is it even possible for someone to be guilty? We’re all human beings here, one like the other.” “That is true” said the priest “but that is how the guilty speak”
“That was when I first observed a phenomenon I now call the "New York Slide": you offer your words to try to communicate and connect with someone, but your words just hit a brick wall the person has erected to ward off human contact- the words slide down it and roll away.”
“The world is a show and the show is a performance of the wealthy, the beautiful and the fortunate. The invulnerable, the matchless and the exclusive live a life like dazzling fish in a scintillating seascape behind glass. Everybody may admire them, but nobody can touch them. ( “Keeping up with the Joneses” )”
“If you want to be a grocer, or a general, or a politician, or a judge, you will invariably become it; that is your punishment. If you never know what you want to be, if you live what some might call the dynamic life but what I will call the artistic life, if each day you are unsure of who you are and what you know you will never become anything, and that is your reward.”
“I find myself thinking back to something I saw on the local news about a year ago. A teen football player had died in a car accident. The cameras showed all his friends after the funeral—these big hulking guys, all in tears, saying, “I loved him. We all loved him so much.” I started crying, too, and I wondered if these guys had told the football player they loved him while he was alive, or whether it was only with death that this strange word, love, could be used. I vowed then and there that I would never hesitate to speak up to the people I loved. They deserved to know they gave meaning to my life. They deserved to know I thought the world of them.”
“When you forgive, you transmit a signal to your brain which tells the heart to be happy.”
“The Creator gave nature all known and unknown powers. Mother Nature, always benevolent and sometimes ruthless, nourishes us on a daily basis.”
“Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has no significance or hope.”
“The Impact of God without evidence is likened to Life without the Breath of God; for there is no impact without evidence.”
“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
“Life is hard when you are surrounded by people who think they are always right and never notice when you are right.”
“Normally, in anything I do, I'm fairly miserable. I do it, and I get grumpy because there is a huge, vast gulf, this aching disparity, between the platonic ideal of the project that was living in my head, and the small, sad, wizened, shaking, squeaking thing that I actually produce.”
“If you want to Entertain, the Mockery of human rights, double standard and selfishness UN is the Best Show, with great actors”
“Noble leaders do not seek marbles for their own houses; they desire a better life for those they lead. In the eyes of noble leaders, leadership is not about what one acquires. It is about making an impact.”
“To live is to war with trolls.”
“It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“Beauty is a fleeting gift; take care not to invest your entire self-worth in it.”
“You have to live your life and not count on things being there tomorrow or the next day.”
“Dare I say I miss him? I do. I miss him. I still see him in my dreams. They are nightmares mostly, but nightmares tinged with love. I still cannot understand how he could abandon me so unceremoniously, without any sort of goodbye, without looking back even once. That pain is like an axe that chops at my heart.”
“What happens when people open their hearts? - They get better.”
“Lyra learns to her great cost that fantasy isn’t enough. She has been lying all her life, telling stories to people, making up fantasies, and suddenly she comes to a point where that’s not enough. All she can do is tell the truth. She tells the truth about her childhood, about the experiences she had in Oxford, and that is what saves her. True experience, not fantasy - reality, not lies - is what saves us in the end.”
“Life is all about enjoying the good times while they're here and knowing they won't last. And when the bad times come, we know they won't last either.”
“Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.”
“When I close my eyes, I see more. And in my silence, I hear myself more. Well, it’s all right, as I understand more.”
“Life without God means choosing to bear your burdens and pains alone.”
“Einmal ist keinmal, says Tomas to himself. What happens but once, says the German adage, might as well not have happened at all. If we have only one life to live, we might as well not have lived at all.”
“If you do not mingle with the right people, your status will never rise. If you mingle with cheap people, you will appear cheap, and if you mingle with rich people, you will appear rich even if you are poor.”
“If children were brought into the world by an act of pure reason alone, would the human race continue to exist? Would not a man rather have so much sympathy with the coming generation as to spare it the burden of existence, or at any rate not take it upon himself to impose that burden upon it in cold blood?”
“My silence inspires me to find my own voice.”
“Life is always sweet in Christ Jesus, all depends only on your faith in Him.”
“Life  is like a grapefruit. Well, it's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half a one for breakfast.”
“And that's that as you get older, you lose things, things you don't necessarily want to lose.”
“At the time we were all convinced that we had to speak, write,and publish as quickly as possible and as much as possible and that this was necessary for the good of mankind. Thousands of us published and wrote in an effort to teach others, all the while disclaiming and abusing one another. Without taking note of the fact that we knew nothing, that we did not know the answer to the simplest question of life, the question of what is right and what is wrong, we all went on talking without listening to one another.”
“Those who have sight go blind at night and constantly need the moon or artificial light to guide them.”
“Life is an experience that the majority of us miss and regret at a later stage, so never miss an opportunity to smile, live a moment, cherish, and make someone smile. That is what life is all about.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.”
“You don't have to disrespect and insult others simply to hold your own ground. If you do, that shows how shaky your own position is.”
“When there is a problem, a smart leader does not ignore it and hopes it goes away. He tackles it head-on, because he knows that until it is solved, it will continue to exist.”
“A person who knows all the troubles of life does not look for big things to find peace, little things are more than enough to make him happy!”
“You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.”
“Never lie to yourself that you didn't hurt others.”
“Whether you exist or not, brave or weak, life goes on.”
“You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.”
“I might be a fool once but not in a life time”
“If you know someone who’s depressed, please resolve never to ask them why. Depression isn’t a straightforward response to a bad situation; depression just is, like the weather. Try to understand the blackness, lethargy, hopelessness, and loneliness they’re going through. Be there for them when they come through the other side. It’s hard to be a friend to someone who’s depressed, but it is one of the kindest, noblest, and best things you will ever do.”
“I was forty years old when I stood up for myself for the first time. I should’ve stood up earlier.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.”
“Some people's lives seem to flow in a narrative; mine had many stops and starts. That's what trauma does. It interrupts the plot. You can't process it because it doesn't fit with what came before or what comes afterward. A friend of mine, a soldier, put it this way. In most of our lives, most of the time, you have a sense of what is to come. There is a steady narrative, a feeling of "lights, camera, action" when big events are imminent. But trauma isn't like that. It just happens, and then life goes on. No one prepares you for it.”
“A man of self-knowledge transcends life and death and lives in the ecstasy of divine consciousness.”
“Life is so good when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Don’t be afraid of criticism; the tallest trees are always confronted by the strongest winds.”
“Awaking Overnight to Compete Dreams is First Steps towards Achievements.”
“You can't go far in life if you are too far away from life.”
“Son, are you happy? I don't mean to pry, but do you dream of Heaven? Have you ever wanted to die?”
“But in that moment I understood what they say about nostalgia, that no matter if you're thinking of something good or bad, it always leaves you a little emptier afterward.”
“They know that tragedy is not glamorous. They know it doesn't play out in life as it does on a stage or between the pages of a book. It is neither a punishment meted out nor a lesson conferred. Its horrors are not attributable to one single person. Tragedy is ugly and tangled, stupid and confusing.”
“Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.”
“This is the strangest life I have ever known.”
“Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you.”
“Stand for nothing, and you’re free. No You, is Love. Choiceless unconditional, a limitless life, as it is.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?”
“INK Everything we know The things that haunt us in our sleep The scars, The joy, The sweat, The tears Is just a bit of ink.”
“Some people are determined to misunderstand you. Let them. Because once God reveals the Truth, it’s going to be SO Sweet for You.. and most likely very sour for them..”
“Just been poisoned by my gran. Nothing says Christmas better than familicide and anaphylactic shock.”
“Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life.”
“Leadership is not about titles and self-enhancements. It is an agreement to serve those entitled to the service.”
“You are on the edge of the escarpment, confused whether to dive into a new chapter of life or immerse in the story of your past.”
“I once had a dreams of becoming a beautiful poet, but upon an unfortunate series of events some of those dreams dashed and divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over and over again, sparkling and broken. But I didn't really mind, because I knew that it takes getting everything you ever wanted, and then losing it to know what true freedom is.”
“Forgiveness is like taking a bath. You feel refreshed afterwards. When you forgive someone, you cleanse your heart and revitalize your soul.”
“Live today. Tomorrow is never assured.”
“Just because you don’t like peanut butter doesn’t necessarily mean you can’t like . . . peanuts.”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“He lies still in the dark, hungry, listening to the birds discuss life in a thousand ancient dialects: bickering, turf war, recollection, praise, joy.”
“The fear of appearances is the first symptom of impotence.”
“Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.”
“Never judge what you have not experienced. Every moment is a new experience.”
“The more we observe nature, the more there is the possibility of seeing things we've never seen before.”
“Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people. It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life, and it is the main obstacle between you and a shitty first draft. I think perfectionism is based on the obsessive belief that if you run carefully enough, hitting each stepping-stone just right, you won't have to die. The truth is that you will die anyway and that a lot of people who aren't even looking at their feet are going to do a whole lot better than you, and have a lot more fun while they're doing it.”
“Friends can be the best place for support. They can also be insightful and delightful to you.”
“I regret apologizing to the people I should have told to leave.”
“When the storm in your life deafens the voice of God, lean in closer; that's when He's whispering.”
“Friends can be the family you never had.”
“Don't make a mess of relationships. It will mess up your life.”
“It's sad to live in this world and miss Heaven. But it's so sad, for God to miss us in His Kingdom despite having proven His love and having provided everything so that we couldn't miss it.”
“The most important place in life is the corners! Why is that? Because you can't see behind corners and you don't know what will come out of there! Flowers might rain on you or a hammer might hit your head!”
“We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things; because the shadow always follows. Choose a place where you won't do harm - yes, choose a place where you won't do very much harm, and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine.”
“Sometimes the right thing feels all wrong until it is over and done with.”
“When the brain becomes too tired, the mind stops decrypting the perceptions in our mental world and surrenders willingly to the unguarded moments of life. For some time, the safeguards of our thinking pattern weaken and discontinue the decoding of the chips of daily reality. The mind picks the instants which are above suspicion, pure and innocent. ("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )”
“Every limiting belief becomes the growth mindset tool by adding just this small word "YET".”
“Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.”
“He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.”
“Life is a great mystery that unfolds day by day. Be grateful for every step of the way.”
“You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”
“True business is that which give hapiness to both giver and taker..”
“The one who carries the fire of true love in his heart, melts the hearts of others.. Like the winter sun melts the snow.”
“ In books there's always somebody standing by ready to say hey, the world's in danger, evil's on the rise, but if you're really quick and take this ring and put it in that volcano over there everything will be fine. "But in real life that guy never turns up. He's never there. He's busy handing out advice in the next universe over. In our world no one ever knows what to do, and everyone's just as clueless and full of crap as everyone else, and you have to figure it all out by yourself. And even after you've figured it out and done it, you'll never know whether you were right or wrong. You'll never know if you put the ring in the right volcano, or if things might have gone better if you hadn't. There's no answers in the back of the book.”
“How much of your life had been happenstance? How much of your life had been a roll of the big polyhedral die in the sky? But then, weren’t all lives that way? Who could say, in the end, that they had chosen any of it?”
“It is not the shells of the past that leaders should focus on, but the state of the future. When leaders have a brighter future in mind, they will be inspired to do better in life.”
“You can walk on the shady side of a mountain or on the sunny side! The choice is yours! And the same choice applies in life!”
“Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.”
“Forgiveness rids you of the pain and powerlessness caused by the offender and the offence.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times, and carving new paths.”
“Souls cross ages like clouds cross skies, an' tho' a cloud's shape nor hue nor size don't stay the same, it's still a cloud an' so is a soul. Who can say where the cloud's blowed from or who the soul'll be 'morrow? Only Sonmi the east an' the west an' the compass an' the atlas, yay, only the atlas o' clouds.”
“Sell what others can't! Always remember  UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light. You have no idea how many people are waiting on you to show them how it is done.”
“If you are waiting for approval to live your life, I am sorry none is forthcoming”
“Our eyes tell us what we want to believe, but our heart tells us only the simple truth”
“We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.”
“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat--that's the only moral they know.”
“I still don't know if Darwin, with his theory of natural selection, would have made an excellent lawyer or judge in court.”
“Our sweetest songs are those of saddest thought.”
“If we react to disruptions fearfully or habitually, or even non-strategically, then it’s almost impossible to achieve holistic wealth.”
“The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.”
“Even if the odds are against you, with God on your side, you can be assured of an extraordinary life.”
“Perspective ignites passion.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing.”
“If you're afraid of everyone leaving you, what do you do?" Make them stay." And if you can't do that, or don't know how to?" Ellie shrugged. "I don't know." Yes, you do. In fact, you've done it. You leave first," Coop said, "so you don't have to watch them walk away.”
“We think that the things we are going to regret are the things that we didn't attain; but that's not what we're going to regret. We're going to regret the things we didn't give, the love we didn't show, the time we didn't spend on someone who mattered  what we didn't GIVE. That's what we're going to regret!”
“There are two ways to lighten the burden of life, one to reduce it physically and the other to reduce it psychologically! Since the first is often difficult, most people choose the second way!”
“People say, that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But they are wrong. What doesn't kill you, doesn't kill you.”
“Every spine holds a backbone, But peer pressure turns it into jello. Every body holds a conscientious being, But society conditions it to be callow.”
“One of the things I love about books is being able to define and condense certain portions of a character's life into chapters. It's intriguing, because you can't do this with real life. You can't just end a chapter, then skip the things you don't want to live through, only to open it up to a chapter that better suits your mood. Life can't be divided into chapters  only minutes. The events of your life are all crammed together one minute right after the other without any time lapses or blank pages or chapter breaks because no matter what happens life just keeps going and moving forward and words keep flowing and truths keep spewing whether you like it or not and life never lets you pause and just catch your fucking breath. I need one of those chapter breaks. I just want to catch my breath, but I have no idea how.”
“Sometimes problems don’t require a solution to solve them; instead they require maturity to outgrow them.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“That's most interesting. But I was no more a mind-reader then than today. I was weeping for an altogether different reason. When I watched you dancing that day, I saw something else. I saw a new world coming rapidly. More scientific, efficient, yes. More cures for the old sicknesses. Very good. But a harsh, cruel world. And I saw a little girl, her eyes tightly closed, holding to her breast the old kind world, one that she knew in her heart could not remain, and she was holding it and pleading, never to let her go. That is what I saw. It wasn't really you, what you were doing, I know that. But I saw you and it broke my heart. And I've never forgotten.”
“Stand on your feet and stand up for yourself. Forgive!”
“Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.”
“Why can’t the world hear? I ask myself. Within a few moments I ask it many times. Because it doesn’t care, I finally answer, and I know I’m right. It’s like I’ve been chosen. But chosen for what? I ask.”
“I knew Dad was concerned about my past associations. I was from the Trash Alley. It was my community. I hung out with thugs from the Frog Bottom, the Burns Bottoms, the Red Line, the S-Curve, the Sandfield, the Morning Side, and a bunch of other places that shall remain nameless. I knew all of the “Legends of the Hood”: Sin Man, Swap, Boo Boo, Emp-Man, Cookie Man, Shank, Polar Bear, Bae Willy, Bae Bruh, Skullhead Ned, Pimp, Crunch, and Goat Turd (just to name a few). I thought maybe Dad had summoned me as a “show and tell” for the kids in his neighborhood—the hardliner to scare those wayward suburban brats back into reality.”
“Life is like a novel. It's filled with suspense. You have no idea what is going to happen until you turn the page.”
“Dear Daughter, Your light will always shine bright and inspire those who are pro-light.”
“Doubt not only kills an idea, but destroys the whole foundation of thought within you.”
“As long as the world is turning and spinning, we're gonna be dizzy and we're gonna make mistakes.”
“Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.”
“If only you would realize some day, how much have you hurt me, If only your heart ever, craves for me or my presence… If only you feel that love again someday for me, If only you are affected someday by my absence… Only you can end all my suffering and this unbearable pain, If only you would know what you could never procure… If only you go through the memories of past once again, Since the day you left my heart has bled, no one has its cure… If only you would bring that love, those showers and that rain… If only you would come back and see what damage you create, I’ve been waiting for your return since forever more… If only you would see the woman that you have made, You said we cannot sail through, how were you so sure? If only you can feel the old things that can never fade, You may have moved on, but a piece of my heart is still with you… I know how I’ve come so far alone; I know how I’m able to wade, People say that I’m insane and you won’t ever come back again… Maybe you would have never made your separate way, Maybe you would have stayed with me and proved everyone wrong… If only you would know the pain of dying every day, If only you would feel the burden of smiling and being strong…”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“I would not have you descend into your own dream. I would have you be a conscious citizen of this terrible and beautiful world.”
“His mission is not to wait until the world ends, but to find a way to the other side before it does. To prop open the door before it can be locked. To tie a suture before the fatal wound is made. To let in the moonlight before the sun is allowed to rise.”
“If you see a person who is completely devoid of worries about life, check if he is human!”
“The truth is that one must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.”
“There's a 100% chance you'll retire so you'd better prepare/save for it.”
“Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?' Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.”
“Without trust, the life of a relationship is short.”
“Leaders are like lecturers. They can either stand in front and teach, be at the centre and facilitate, or even be at the back and invigilate. Their task is to ensure what needs to be done gets done at the right time.”
“I must die. Must I then die lamenting? I must be put in chains. Must I then also lament? I must go into exile. Does any man then hinder me from going with smiles and cheerfulness and contentment?”
“It was ironic, really - you want to die because you can't be bothered to go on living - but then you're expected to get all energetic and move furniture and stand on chairs and hoist ropes and do complicated knots and attach things to other things and kick stools from under you and mess around with hot baths and razor blades and extension cords and electrical appliances and weedkiller. Suicide was a complicated, demanding business, often involving visits to hardware shops. And if you've managed to drag yourself from the bed and go down the road to the garden center or the drug store, by then the worst is over. At that point you might as well just go to work.”
“Singing in the rain. I'm singing in the rain. And it's such a fucking glorious feeling. An unexpected downpour and I am just giving myself into it. Because what the fuck else can you do? Run for cover? Shriek and curse? No--when the rain falls you just let it fall and you grin like a madman and you dance with it because if you can make yourself happy in the rain, then you're doing pretty alright in life.”
“Acknowledge that there's no point in holding onto something that you can't change or that's in the past”
“And, just as it only takes a moment to die, it only takes a moment to live. You just close your eyes and let every futile fear slip away. And then, in this new state, free from fear, you ask yourself: who am I? If I could live without doubt what would I do? If I could be kind without the fear of being fucked over? If I could love without fear of being hurt? If I could taste the sweetness of today without thinking of how I will miss that taste tomorrow? If I could not fear the passing of time and the people it will steal? Yes. What would I do? Who would I care for? What battle would I fight? Which paths would I step down? What joys would I allow myself? What internal mysteries would I solve? How, in short, would I live?”
“Our life is like seasons, sometimes there is sunshine and sometimes there is rain. But there is always going to be the night to calm it down and eventually a bright new day.”
“If they are not loyal to you in your absence, then they are not loyal to you at all.”
“Life is given to each one of us. In most cases, we choose how we want to navigate our individual paths.”
“Do not keep your heart in an unclean space; forgive and let go of every bitterness.”
“Rise to the occassion which is life!”
“Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.”
“Life is a split second away from death. While you still have yours, live it to the fullest.”
“Sometimes, people may not be aware that they have caused you pain. So, if you do not forgive them, you will walk around carrying a grudge against those who think they are innocent.”
“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”
“They say that Rome wasn't built in one day. And nothing is built in one day. Even if an action happens in one day, the planning took place in the mind days, months, or even years before.”
“It was an old enough feeling, that of realizing that whatever you touched changed to something else under your hand, but so is cancer an old disease, and yet people still die of it. Earth changed, it grew and shed grass, filled up old gullies and cut new ones; rivers changed, a flood in one season, low water in the next. Old people died; young people lived and got old. You tied to a tree, and it grew and broke the tie-rope; to a house, and it rotted and fell down; to a woman, and she got frightened of what her own body could do to her and went away.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“COMMUNITIEs' are the only problem of all living creatures on this 'Planet Earth'. & human's suffering because of multiple communities - made/maintained/created by them, in the name of so many Human languages only. But blamed in the name of GOD/CREATOR: Mono/Poly-theistic creations.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“Without fear, we become unstoppable in our endeavours.”
“When you understand God’s grace, you will understand forgiveness, because you will realize that others need grace in the same way you do.”
“Create Opportunities for yourself as well as others.”
“You should know when to hold on, and when to move on.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Forgiveness is about stopping the enemy from keeping you in the prison called hatred.”
“Leaders who oppress their followers are not leaders, but mere dictators who want to tell people what to do without showing them how to do it.”
“Love is too much for our generation - that's why it dies in our hands but blooms at our feet.”
“Destruction is necessary to recreate something or return it to its original form. Even the greatest creators, including God, must destroy while making something beautiful. Life is always followed by death.”
“Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.”
“Life is quite short; do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“There's nothing more embarrassing than to have earned the disfavor of a perceptive animal.”
“The secret to your purpose is to find what you feel is important, and not pursue what others would think is important. When you think highly of yourself, me thinking highly of you will never be enough!”
“Every country, every state, every person has a different standard of beauty. But the only one you have to live up to is your own.”
“Life's a freaking mess. In fact, I'm going to tell Sarah we need to start a new philosophical movement: messessentialism instead of existentialism: For those who revel in the essential mess that is life. Because Gram's right, there's not one truth ever, just a bunch of stories, all going on at once, in our heads, in our hearts, all getting in the way of each other. It's all a beautiful calamitous mess. It's like the day Mr. James took us into the woods and cried triumphantly, "That's it! That's it!" to the dizzying cacophony of soloing instruments trying to make music together. That is it.”
“Sometimes life doesn’t make sense. Sometimes there is no good reason for the events that take place. But most times, you’ll realize it will all make sense for a much better reason, if you’re patient enough to wait.”
“The only thing we have inside us is hope, hope that pulls us from our miseries, hopes that keep us going and enable us to carry on; a hope that one day someone will hear our voices and help spread our message to the world.”
“There are times when a feeling of expectancy comes to me, as if something is there, beneath the surface of my understanding, waiting for me to grasp it. It is the same tantalizing sensation when you almost remember a name, but don't quite reach it. I can feel it when I think of human beings, of the hints of evolution suggested by the removal of wisdom teeth, the narrowing of the jaw no longer needed to chew such roughage as it was accustomed to; the gradual disappearance of hair from the human body; the adjustment of the human eye to the fine print, the swift, colored motion of the twentieth century. The feeling comes, vague and nebulous, when I consider the prolonged adolesence of our species; the rites of birth, marriage and death; all the primitive, barbaric ceremonies streamlined to modern times. Almost, I think, the unreasoning, bestial purity was best. Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.”
“Anyone can build a masjid, because we all have hearts, turn your heart in to a beautiful place of Ibadah .. Build that masjid for Allah.”
“Strange, how the best moments of our lives we scarcely notice except in looking back.”
“Conscious leaders choose to be honest, even when everyone else suspects them of being dishonest.”
“Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.”
“Love should make you humble and happy, not insecure and depressed.”
“Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.”
“Love someone because their soul inspires you, not because you’re interested in the relief from loneliness and companionship they can provide. Anybody can do that. Not just anybody can show you to yourself.”
“Love doesn't die alone - we kill it.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous possessive love that grabs at what it can.”
“Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.”
“Life is a set of thousands of dots of miracles; Connect them to create a beautiful picture”
“See every good-bye as a thank you.”
“They won't stop hurting you until you tell them to stop hurting you.”
“You are irreplaceable only till they don't replace you.”
“If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit.”
“Unless you become a big picture thinker, you will always stay where you are. ~ Ahmed Omaar”
“What looks like garbage from one angle might be art from another. Maybe it did take a crisis to get to know yourself; maybe you needed to get whacked hard by life before you understood what you wanted out of it.”
“Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.”
“Your current circumstances are part of your redemption story He is writing.”
“Maybe sometimes in life you just miss your chance”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“ The Rainy Day The day is cold, and dark, and dreary; It rains, and the wind is never weary; The vine still clings to the mouldering wall, But at every gust the dead leaves fall, And the day is dark and dreary. My life is cold, and dark, and dreary; It rains, and the wind is never weary; My thoughts still cling to the mouldering Past, But the hopes of youth fall thick in the blast, And the days are dark and dreary. Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining; Thy fate is the common fate of all, Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and dreary.”
“Properly practiced, knitting soothes the troubled spirit, and it doesn't hurt the untroubled spirit either.”
“Unbecome everything that's not helping you become your best self”
“I think computer viruses should count as life   I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.”
“Jamie: You know what I figured out today? Landon: What? Jamie: Maybe God has a bigger plan for me than I had for myself. Like this journey never ends. Like you were sent to me because I'm sick. To help me through all this. You're my angel.”
“The question is banal but one of the real troubles with living is that living is so banal.”
“Dear Daughter, Opt to only dine with people who want to see you shine. Then you will shine if you are diligent enough.”
“We are born in one day. We die in one day. We can change in one day. And we can fall in love in one day. Anything can happen in just one day.”
“When you forgive, it does not mean you have to go to the people who hurt you. It simply means you acknowledge the offence and do not want to live the rest of your life in the pain of unforgiveness.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.”
“It is true that we are nothing without Jesus, but many forget that it is also true that, with Him, we become a marvel. Let the world marvel, it’s a calling!”
“The way to a great life is to let go of grudges and forgive.”
“Mental unrest is a result of unforgiveness. If you want some rest, you need to forgive first.”
“Stay in illusion or accept reality. The choice is yours, don't blame others.”
“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action  While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words ”
“The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realize, the less I know.”
“If life is a prison, then some people are prisoners who have too much freedom.”
“Under certain circumstances the fateful decisions in life, sometimes even in matters of life and death, are made with an almost indifferent ease. While the little things-for instance, the way people hang on to what is over-seem so important.”
“To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead.”
“The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.”
“That’s not a difference. That’s an opportunity to share new things with each other.”
“Our lives are so important to us that we tend to think the story of them begins with our birth. First there was nothing, then I was born Yet that is not so. Human lives are not pieces of string that can be separated out from a knot of others and laid out straight. Families are webs. Impossible to touch one part of it without setting the rest vibrating. Impossible to understand one part without having a sense of the whole. - Vida Winter”
“The sound of silence was beginning to get louder, and familiar. And I was deeply in love with it. Not only does it not involve religious practices, it makes you shed all religious affiliations for ten days. What you are left with is your bare breath. That becomes the only thing you focus on – your personal rosary. There are no pictures of gurus, or even of the Buddha himself. There are no personalised gods or its dubious derivates – dogmas, or godmen – to prostrate before. No hugs, kisses, threads, amulets, satins or holy ash. No holy ‘trap’ of devices designed for an instant osmosis of blessings. No grand trickery that makes life here a hell in promise of a heaven there. It shows us the same arduous path that some of the enlightened men have walked. Men who can only show the path and are not the destination; where they communed with their truth, or, for lack of a better word, their God, in silence. The choice is left to us, to walk, stroll, stray, or squat on that path. [Many men; Ab to Za, all those alphabets and all the other men in between… Same grand truth, revealed in parts… Same path, seemingly different… Same destination…. No single path.] But Vipassana does not offer us the easier path of pleading, coaxing, extorting or seducing such men for easy blessings. It nudges you to start walking. To be your own blessing. To create your own miracles.”
“One thing about life is that some will lose while some will win but if you focus too much on the negative side of life you will end up a loser.”
“So, what is my story? I don't know. It's long and twisted and not quite finished yet.”
“I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.”
“Forgive and let go of any pain caused by others. Fill your heart with love and live a fulfilling life.”
“Everybody has their style and way of seeing things, but dance is that home where all unite as one humanity.”
“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.”
“If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.”
“Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.”
“The reason why the universe is eternal is that it does not live for itself; it gives life to others as it transforms.”
“What can a soldier do when mercy is treason, and he is alone in it?”
“There are beautiful doors to which your curiosity could lead you. Use your instincts when choosing which one to open.”
“So he tasted the deep pain that is reserved only for the strong, just as he had tasted for a little while the deep happiness.”
“You may think your achievements, Are the crown of your life. But it's your failures, That make you shine bright.”
“But I always liked side-paths, little dark back-alleys behind the main road- there one finds adventures and surprises, and precious metal in the dirt.”
“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
“Destiny, she’d learned, was written in the heavens; a person couldn’t take what the universe didn’t wish to give.”
“When life gives you lemons, forget the lemonade. Make a lemon chicken and a rich lemon cheesecake. Blame life for the extra pounds.”
“Free yourself from any hurt. Forgive and never look back!”
“Everything that happens before Death is what counts.”
“Leaders should be comfortable with being led as well. It is the only way they can gain wisdom.”
“Walking alone may not make you happy, but it will make you stronger.”
“Good times ended, and bad times will end too.”
“Parents were the only ones obligated to love you; from the rest of the world you had to earn it.”
“Leadership is not determined by age or background. Age does not define how effective a leader can be. Certainly, a place of birth cannot limit one from being a great leader.”
“When nothing is sure, everything is possible.”
“Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.”
“Decide what you want to be . Pay the Price   And be what you want to be.”
“There are some people in life who say things you inwardly agree with in ways you outwardly don't.”
“If you have the capacity to change the path you walk at every stage of your life, then you have the skill and courage to stay safe in every moment of your life because if the path you walk suddenly turns messy, you can take a completely different path!”
“The life of every individual, viewed as a whole and in general, and when only its most significant features are emphasized, is really a tragedy; but gone through in detail it has the character of a comedy.”
“In the life of everyone there is a limited number of experiences which are not written upon the memory, but stamped there with a die; and in the long years after, they can be called up in detail, and every emotion that was stirred by them can be lived through anew; these are the tragedies of life.”
“Few of us ever live in the present. We are forever anticipating what is to come or remembering what has gone.”
“Embracing pain, chaos and failure is hard, Empowering the weak is a process, Evolving from your own past is a journey! Let's celebrate the path of endurance with patience, focus and smile!”
“The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“The children seek to resolve the issue amongst themselves, and mete out punishment to restore balance and keep the game going.”
“Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.”
“Despair is the price one pays for self-awareness. Look deeply into life, and you'll always find despair.”
“Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“Dear Daughter, Strive for mastery and fulfil your destiny.”
“Life is a constant adventure in the making, in which you are not only the actor but also the writer and the director.”
“Getting paid before you get paid is not a good financial policy.”
“Then, one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life you give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore.”
“Imagine how great life would be if we knew how to forgive ourselves for the hurt, we put ourselves through.”
“MOTHER IS WATER I wish I could Shower your head with flowers And anoint your feet with my tears, For I know I have caused you So much heartache, frustration and despair – Throughout my youthful years. I wish I could give you The remainder of my life To add to yours, Or simply erase The lines on your face, And mend all that has been torn. For next to God, You are the fire That has given light To the flame in each of my eyes. You are the fountain That nourished my growth, And from your chalice – Gave me life. Without the wetness of your love, The fragrance of your water, Or the trickling sounds of Your voice, I shall always feel thirsty.”
“Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.”
“You need to be buried deep in the dirt before you can find your bloom.”
“Leadership is about influencing followers to follow in the right direction.”
“Cherish those Who Sincerely Love You, and never let loneliness become your constant companion”
“You see, doing one thing differently is very often the same as doing everything differently.”
“Life without God is like an aircraft without a captain. It is bound to crash at any time.”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be…”
“With the passing of someone whom you loved and have lived with for many years, time will not heal the grief; it shall only alleviate the pain. And the fortunate, may learn to imitate the existence of a normal life.”
“Whatever some people might say, it seems to me that a world in which I can fly, bend space and time, and meet with people who have been dead for years, deserves more consideration than it gets. If I weigh the waking world on one side of the scale and the dream world on the other, which one is more substantial? Doesn’t a world of endless possibilities seem more likely to contain the whole of our lives than the fraction of the world that we call real?”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“If you strip a man of all his material possessions, what he has left shows you his true riches.”
“There is a certain right by which we many deprive a man of life, but none by which we may deprive him of death; this is mere cruelty.”
“I don't understand a thing about this world: about people, and why they do the things they do. The more I find out, the more I uncover, the more I know, the less I understand.”
“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”
“You will make less mistakes if you learn to learn from the mistakes of others.”
“Life is not like water. Things in life don't necessarily flow over the shortest possible route.”
“Listen to the people who love you. Believe that they are worth living for even when you don't believe it. Seek out the memories depression takes away and project them into the future. Be brave; be strong; take your pills. Exercise because it's good for you even if every step weighs a thousand pounds. Eat when food itself disgusts you. Reason with yourself when you have lost your reason.”
“No matter where you are, you're always a bit on your own, always an outsider.”
“Put no faith in the frailty of men; God is the only one who will never disappoint. ”
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
“Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.”
“You can be anything you want in the world; just don't become a prisoner of hatred.”
“Life is grace. Sleep is forgiveness. The night absolves. Darkness wipes the slate clean, not spotless to be sure, but clean enough for another day's chalking.”
“Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”
“Your reading style will reveal your inner nature. The hesitant always turn the page to see what they missed on first reading, while the confident and focused minds have no time to waste.”
“ sometimes what you go looking for isn't as important as what you leave behind.”
“Feel the Vibe ?”
“Allow yourself to ache. In it, there is healing.”
“Life is a seed and seeds must be buried to grow.”
“Do you know what is an important part of the sport for me? It is giving an opportunity to myself to play it, what is your?”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“If you take away different religions or opinions, then the world will become a boring place. People have to keep arguing to make life worth living.”
“Seek fulfilment. Not acceptance.”
“Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.”
“Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.”
“You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.”
“Always live your life with your biography in mind.”
“Everything you want in life is a relationship away.”
“At times I feel as if I had lived all this before and that I have already written these very words, but I know it was not I: it was another woman, who kept her notebooks so that one day I could use them. I write, she wrote, that memory is fragile and the space of a single life is brief, passing so quickly that we never get a chance to see the relationship between events; we cannot gauge the consequences of our acts, and we believe in the fiction of past, present, and future, but it may also be true that everything happens simultaneously.   That's why my Grandmother Clara wrote in her notebooks, in order to see things in their true dimension and to defy her own poor memory.”
“Don't believe what someone says, believe what someone does.”
“Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.”
“The more focused you were on the activity, the less focused you were on everything else. You kind of stopped being you and become the thing you were doing.”
“Of course, I couldn’t explain this vector calculus concept and so, slightly embarrassed in front of Rahul and the other Bengali students, I told Sanjit just that; he had cornered me, and honesty emerged as my only option. Simultaneous to my humiliating disclosure of the truth, Sanjit gradually inched toward where I was sitting. After hearing my reply, he slowly returned to his teacher stool and whiteboard, his back turned away from the class, the suspense building and his words impending, before turning around and breaking into speech, “Don’t trust your interior monologue. If you are asked something and you know it, then express or demonstrate it. Don’t just nod or say yes because then you are lying to yourself. Any ass can say yes, but not all asses can express it.” I modified my first impression: Sanjit was full of explicit aphorisms. Humbled, those words encouragingly rang between my ears for quite some time.”
“Dear Daughter, Ensure that your choice or action does not derail you from doing what is right. Make your mark.”
“Fictional characters also evolve, the way human being do in real life.”
“The problem, of course, was that [he] saw the world in black and white. And he got to decide what was black and what was white. You can't love a person who lives that way without fearing him too. Maybe even hating him a little.”
“A man is like a novel: until the very last page you don't know how it will end. Otherwise it wouldn't even be worth reading.”
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”
“If your words are kind but your actions are cruel, then you are just a manipulator.”
“The person you became with her is worth being.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much; Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it; Who has left the world better than he found it, Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; Whose life was an inspiration; Whose memory a benediction.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“There would be no cloud-nine days without rock-bottom moments left below.”
“Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“Pray not because you are enabled by material wealth, but through pure spiritual inspiration.”
“The world will give you that once in awhile, a brief timeout; the boxing bell rings and you go to your corner, where somebody dabs mercy on your beat-up life.”
“Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and looking around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“How often do we tell our own life story? How often do we adjust, embellish, make sly cuts? And the longer life goes on, the fewer are those around to challenge our account, to remind us that our life is not our life, merely the story we have told about our life. Told to others, but—mainly—to ourselves.”
“We all give up great expectations along the way.”
“Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within”
“Forgiveness should be an everyday exercise. You need to forgive yourself for what you did to others and forgive others for what they did to you.”
“You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.”
“People who don’t value your love label your love as too much.”
“Know what you are worth and what is not worth your peace of mind. Forgive!”
“I am almost a hundred years old; waiting for the end, and thinking about the beginning. There are things I need to tell you, but would you listen if I told you how quickly time passes? I know you are unable to imagine this. Nevertheless, I can tell you that you will awake someday to find that your life has rushed by at a speed at once impossible and cruel. The most intense moments will seem to have occurred only yesterday and nothing will have erased the pain and pleasure, the impossible intensity of love and its dog-leaping happiness, the bleak blackness of passions unrequited, or unexpressed, or unresolved.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.”
“My story will be over soon. But it’s not something to be sad about. Remembering those who went ahead. Remembering those who will follow after. And someday, we will meet all those people again, out beyond the horizon”
“Forgiveness is winning a mental battle that keeps taking away what would make you feel better.”
“We're all in the same boat here, trying to survive.”
“People have been on earth in our present form for only about 100,000 years, and in so many ways we’re still ironing out our kinks. These turtles we’ve been traveling with, they outrank us in longevity, having earned three more zeros than we. They’ve got one hundred million years of success on their resume, and they’ve learned something about how to survive in the world. And this, I think, is part of it: they have settled upon peaceful career paths, with a stable rhythm. If humans could survive another one hundred million years, I expect we would no longer find ourselves riding bulls. It’s not so much that I think animals have rights; it’s more that I believe humans have hearts and minds- though I’ve yet to see consistent, convincing proof of either. Turtles may seem to lack sense, but they don’t do senseless things. They’re not terribly energetic, yet they do not waste energy… turtles cannot consider what might happen yet nothing turtles do threatens anyone’s future. Turtles don’t think about the next generation, but they risk and provide all they can to ensure that there will be one. Meanwhile, we profess to love our own offspring above all else, yet above all else it is they from whom we daily steal. We cannot learn to be more like turtles, but from turtles we could learn to be more human. That is the wisdom carried within one hundred million years of survival. What turtles could learn from us, I can’t quite imagine.”
“Forgiveness is about rebuilding a better relationship between your mind, body and soul.”
“Detachment is necessary to get peace..”
“Complex question can only be solved by patience.”
“When all are eager for the sun to rise, I grab the night and conjure up dawn. Leave no corner of mindland unharvested, Struggle isn't over till gloom turns to morn.”
“It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.”
“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”
“You know what I think?" she says. "That people's memories are maybe the fuel they burn to stay alive. Whether those memories have any actual importance or not, it doesn't matter as far as the maintenance of life is concerned. They're all just fuel. Advertising fillers in the newspaper, philosophy books, dirty pictures in a magazine, a bundle of ten-thousand-yen bills: when you feed 'em to the fire, they're all just paper. The fire isn't thinking 'Oh, this is Kant,' or 'Oh, this is the Yomiuri evening edition,' or 'Nice tits,' while it burns. To the fire, they're nothing but scraps of paper. It's the exact same thing. Important memories, not-so-important memories, totally useless memories: there's no distinction--they're all just fuel.”
“I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”
“It is not the years in your life that count, it is the life in your years.”
“It is not surprising to forget a human being for one who forget his Creator and his Lord.”
“To be spiritual, one does not have to renounce the world, but to elevate oneself above worldly desires to a higher level of consciousness.”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“If you are not traveling, you are living in a deep well, and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but you also don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“Don't be too harsh on those who are soft for no one but only you.”
“I am reduced to a thing that wants Virginia. I composed a beautiful letter to you in the sleepless nightmare hours of the night, and it has all gone: I just miss you, in a quite simple desperate human way. You, with all your un-dumb letters, would never write so elementary a phrase as that; perhaps you wouldn’t even feel it. And yet I believe you’ll be sensible of a little gap. But you’d clothe it in so exquisite a phrase that it would lose a little of its reality. Whereas with me it is quite stark: I miss you even more than I could have believed; and I was prepared to miss you a good deal. So this letter is just really a squeal of pain. It is incredible how essential to me you have become. I suppose you are accustomed to people saying these things. Damn you, spoilt creature; I shan’t make you love me any the more by giving myself away like this —But oh my dear, I can’t be clever and stand-offish with you: I love you too much for that. Too truly. You have no idea how stand-offish I can be with people I don’t love. I have brought it to a fine art. But you have broken down my defences. And I don’t really resent it.”
“Don't hate someone just because they don't think like you.”
“I think, well, I've had a shit of a life, all things considered. It wasn't fair. Everyone I've ever loved is dead, and my leg hurts all the bloody time  But I think, any God that can do sunsets like that, a different one every night  'Strewth, well, you've got to respect the old bastard, haven't you?”
“Life is not about vicinity, it is all about cherishing the divinity.”
“There is an emptiness that comes from a lack of forgiveness. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“Dear Daughter, You need discernment in order to recognize the right doors. When you finally discover those doors, walk through them fearlessly.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“He knew Alec enough by now to know the conflicting impulses that warred in him. He was conscientious, the kind of person who believed that the others around him were so much more important than he was, who already believed he was letting everybody down. And he was honest, the kind of person that was naturally open about all he felt and wanted. Alec's virtues had made a trap for him; these two good qualities had collided painfully. He felt he could not be honest without disappointing everyone he loved. It was a hideous conundrum for him. It was as if the world had been designed to make him unhappy.”
“I have to live if I want to be remembered.”
“When you come to the end of your life, you return to the only real agenda you should have had from the beginning of your life: Your real lifelong agenda is not to live your short life well, but to seek a way with extraordinary effort to extend that short life!”
“The essence of leadership lies in the empowerment of those who are powerless.”
“You just can't go back and expect your mind to be blown by the same thing every time. Life doesn't work that way.”
“Kitty's face was not there. In place of it, where it used to be, was something dreadful both in it's strained look and in the sound that came from it.”
“Forgive those who have hurt you and don't let them bring you down any longer. Think about all of the good things you have in your life right now and focus on them instead.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“I kept every letter - only to be remembered of the wrong one's words can cause (to the heart).”
“Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.”
“Don't allow to take you for granted. Not even someone you love.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running - there is life in communication, but death in talking - there is life in awareness, but death in judgement - so, be the life my friend, without the judgement, without the talking, without the running - simply be the life, full with sparkling communications, revelatory awareness and heart-warming walks.”
“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
“May your life be filled, as mine has been, with love and laughter; and remember, when things are rough all you need is   Chocolate.”
“We're not making mistakes. We're making experiences.”
“He could only consider me as the living corpse of a would-be suicide, a person dead to shame, an idiot ghost.”
“You’re not in this life for things to go well. You’re in this life to be your deepest heart in all that goes well and in all that doesn’t.”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“I'm afraid to get involved with the outside world. I'm afraid to meet new people and feel new feelings.”
“Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.”
“Imagine life is a game in which you are juggling five balls. The balls are called work, family, health, friends, and integrity. And you're keeping all of them in the air. But one day you finally come to understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.”
“I hadn't been out to the hives before, so to start off she gave me a lesson in what she called 'bee yard etiquette'. She reminded me that the world was really one bee yard, and the same rules work fine in both places. Don't be afraid, as no life-loving bee wants to sting you. Still, don't be an idiot; wear long sleeves and pants. Don't swat. Don't even think about swatting. If you feel angry, whistle. Anger agitates while whistling melts a bee's temper. Act like you know what you're doing, even if you don't. Above all, send the bees love. Every little thing wants to be loved.”
“When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.”
“Become a legacy by building your own empire but don’t forget to thank everyone who was part of your success!”
“Oh, God of Dust and Rainbows, Help us to see That without the dust the rainbow Would not be.”
“The people who are riding with you doesn't mean they are with you, when you go down in your life only then you will find who is real to you. The souls which get sold to Status , Money , Position will side themselves when you are down . This should be enough to know and motivate you to become self-sufficient in your life!”
“Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.”
“Clean leadership requires one not to be afraid of handling dirt.”
“Forgiveness can mess up the enemy's plans. Remember that the enemy’s plan is to entrap you in bitterness. When you choose forgiveness, you break free and walk towards the betterment of yourself.”
“A woman's happiness is in throwing everything away to live for love.”
“In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.”
“It is in vain to try and stop a star from rising, even with a ladder.”
“My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.”
“Humble yourself and forgive your enemies. Then watch God elevate you to humble your enemies.”
“Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.”
“Powerful leaders do not demand respect from their followers, they earn it.”
“The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.”
“It's everybody, I mean. Everything everybody does is so — I don't know — not wrong, or even mean, or even stupid necessarily. But just so tiny and meaningless and — sad-making. And the worst part is, if you go bohemian or something crazy like that, you're conforming just as much only in a different way.”
“Neither Every Friend is your Classmates nor Every Classmate is your Friend.”
“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“Be a true Heart, not a follower.”
“Sometimes, living means forgetting a little bit of life”
“I don’t need no more human friends.”
“Each new day is a blank page in the diary of your life. The secret of success is in turning that diary into the best story you possibly can.”
“There was beauty in the idea of freedom, but it was an illusion. Every human heart was chained by love.”
“Life owes you nothing. It is a gift given without promises.”
“All life's training is just exactly what is needed for the true Life-work, still out of view but far away from none of us. Don't grudge me the learning of a new lesson.”
“The path to success is to take massive, determined action.”
“Life has a way of dragging you along even if you didn't want to move.”
“Romance novels are birthday cake and life is often peanut butter and jelly. I think everyone should have lots of delicious romance novels lying around for those times when the peanut butter of life gets stuck to the roof of your mouth.”
“Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.”
“The best way to live a better life is to do your best while you still have breath.”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“Leaders need to embrace correction if they want to avoid making the same mistakes.”
“The best thing, though, in that museum was that everything always stayed right where it was. Nobody'd move. You could go there a hundred thousand times, and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish, the birds would still be on their way south, the deers would still be drinking out of that water hole, with their pretty antlers and they're pretty, skinny legs, and that squaw with the naked bosom would still be weaving that same blanket. Nobody's be different. The only thing that would be different would be you. Not that you'd be so much older or anything. It wouldn't be that, exactly. You'd just be different, that's all. You'd have an overcoat this time. Or the kid that was your partner in line the last time had got scarlet fever and you'd have a new partner. Or you'd have a substitute taking the class, instead of Miss Aigletinger. Or you'd heard your mother and father having a terrific fight in the bathroom. Or you'd just passed by one of those puddles in the street with gasoline rainbows in them. I mean you'd be different in some way—I can't explain what I mean. And even if I could, I'm not sure I'd feel like it.”
“Hope is not a feeling of certainty that everything ends well. Hope is just a feeling that life and work have a meaning.”
“The Son of a vacuum Among the tall trees he sat lost, broken, alone again, among a number of illegal immigrants, he raised his head to him without fear, as nothing in this world is worth attention. -He said: I am not a hero; I am nothing but a child looking for Eid. The Turkmen of Iraq, are the descendants of Turkish immigrants to Mesopotamia through successive eras of history. Before and after the establishment of the Ottoman Empire, countries crossed from here, and empires that were born and disappeared, and still, preserve their Turkish identity. Although, after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the division of the Arab world, they now live in one of its countries. Kirkuk, one of the heavens of God on earth, is one of the northern governorates of Iraq in which they live. The Kurdish race is shared with them, a race out of many in Iraq. Two children of two different ethnicities, playing in a village square in Kirkuk province when the news came from Baghdad, of a new military coup. Without delay, Saddam Hussein took over the reins of power, and faster than that, Iraq was plunged into successive wars that began in 1980 with its neighbor Iran, a war that lasted eight years. Iraq barely rested for two years, and in the third, a new war in Kuwait, which did not end in the best condition as the leader had hoped, as he was expelled from it after the establishment of an international coalition to liberate it, led by the United States of America. Iraq entered a new phase of suffering, a siege that lasted more than ten years, and ended up with the removal of Saddam Hussein from his power followed by the US occupation of it in 2003. As the father goes, he returns from this road, there is no way back but from it. As the date approaches, the son stands on the back of that hill waiting for him to return. From far away he waved a longing, with a bag of dreams in his hands, a bag of candy in his pocket, and a poem of longing by a Turkmen poet who absorb Arabic, whose words danced on his lips, in his heart. -When will you come back, dad? -On the Eid, wait for me on the hill, you will see me coming from the road, waving, carrying your gifts. The father bid his son farewell to the Arab Shiite city of Basra, on the border with Iran, after the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war, as the homeland is calling its men, or perhaps the leader is calling his subjects. In Iraq, as in many countries of the Arab world, the homeland is the leader, and the leader is the homeland. Months passed, the child eagerly anticipating the coming of the feast, but the father hurried to return without an appointment, loaded on the shoulders, the passion reached its extent in the martyr’s chest, with a sheet of paper in his pocket on which he wrote: Every morning takes me nostalgic for you, to the jasmine flower, oh, melody in the heart, oh balm I sip every while, To you, I extend a hand and a fire that ignites in the soul a buried love, night shakes me with tears in my eyes, my longing for you has shaped me into dreams, stretching footsteps to the left and to the right, gleam, calling out for me, you scream, waking me up to the glimpse of the light of life in your face, a thousand sparkles, in your eyes, a meaning of survival, a smile, and a glace, Eid comes to you as a companion, without, life yet has no trace, for roses, necklaces of love, so that you amaze. -Where is Ruslan? On the morning of the feast day, at the door of his house, the kids asked his mother, -with tears in her eyes: He went to meet his father. A moment of silence fell over the children, -Raman, with a little gut: Aunt, do you mean he went to the cemetery? -Mother: He went to meet him at those hills.”
“If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.”
“Being true to yourself is the only means of realizing God.”
“You gain much more from your enemies than friends.”
“Sometimes you don't want things to get better. You want them to get worse before you can finally get ride off them.”
“Love is your true light, so see the world with your light.”
“ I realize that lessons are meant to be learned, honored even, or else you can spend your life running so far from them that you erect a false existence around the very thing you should be embracing.”
“If you want to be free, forgive!”
“Neha’s walk across the river felt excruciatingly long. Like a rubber band stretched to its limits. It is peculiar how moments of happiness and euphoria seem to pass over like greased lightning when compared to the ones filled with pain or anxiety. I often ask myself if happiness is genuinely fleeting or if we are hardwired to believe that human beings are born to suffer, and for that very reason tend to sadistically amplify and stretch our anxieties? Could our age old conditioning be in cahoots with Loki? Maybe, maybe not. I am still debating this, internally ”
“Nothing takes me closer to the world than a cup of tea. Every cup is a bridge.”
“If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for to the creator there is no poverty and no poor indifferent place.”
“You are never too insignificant to make a difference.”
“If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.”
“We do not rise by making other people fall.”
“The term naysayers is how I refer to the people and social forces who tap into negative thinking and undermine your belief in your own ability to create holistic wealth.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Whether you are too strong or too weak, everyone in this universe seeks a safe port; the only difference between people is to take shelter in different ports!”
“Has the sun set? Don't be sad, the moon has risen! When the moon has set, don't be sad, the stars have appeared! Have the stars disappeared too, but don't worry, light a candle, now there is a candle in front of you! We can only hold on to life with this philosophy!”
“An ordinary teacher instructs and leaves his disciple, but a great teacher strives to make his disciple see reason by pushing him to his limits”
“Leaders who are committed to the right vision do not have time to fuel divisions in the organisation.”
“Everything seems impossible until it has happened.”
“I am not my body. My body is nothing without me.”
“Explain your actions to only those who don’t question your intentions.”
“I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.”
“In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.”
“One of the most important things for a person to understand in life is this: What is very important to you may be so unimportant to someone else! Or something that is very important to someone else may be something very insignificant to you! Don't waste your time on reasons for this, that's how it is!”
“You can hide the moon & sun with the palm of your hand, when they are fully visible in the eyesight, just don’t forget the true reality of life. -MillYentei D.Y.”
“Love with all your heart and show kindness in all your actions.”
“Great leaders think beyond yesterday. They deal with the issues of today and focus on addressing the problems of tomorrow.”
“Life can be boring if you do nothing exciting with your time.”
“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”
“Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Our almosts are God's way of letting us know there is something more to our life— and it's about to surpass what you've asked for, even greater than what you've desired before. Have faith.”
“If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.”
“in a woman's womb. another chance. to make the world better.”
“some men never die and some men never live but we're all alive tonight.”
“If you constantly look stupid somewhere, you might be a genius but in the wrong place. Average minds fit in anywhere, It’s intelligence that doesn’t fit.”
“At a basic level, your personal mission has to be rooted in the story of you, the sum of your life experiences, and what you want to achieve in the future. It is like a blueprint for your life that is filled with action verbs and themes that you associate with achieving a sense of abundance, and which extends beyond material resources.”
“But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that wil carry him into places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.”
“Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.”
“Only God can take our failures and turn them into victories.”
“Thermodynamic miracles  events with odds against so astronomical they're effectively impossible, like oxygen spontaneously becoming gold. I long to observe such a thing. And yet, in each human coupling, a thousand million sperm vie for a single egg. Multiply those odds by countless generations, against the odds of your ancestors being alive; meeting; siring this precise son; that exact daughter  Until your mother loves a man she has every reason to hate, and of that union, of the thousand million children competing for fertilization, it was you, only you, that emerged. To distill so specific a form from that chaos of improbability, like turning air to gold  that is the crowning unlikelihood. The thermodynamic miracle. But if me, my birth, if that's a thermodynamic miracle  I mean, you could say that about anybody in the world!. Yes. Anybody in the world. ..But the world is so full of people, so crowded with these miracles that they become commonplace and we forget  I forget. We gaze continually at the world and it grows dull in our perceptions. Yet seen from the another's vantage point. As if new, it may still take our breath away. Come dry your eyes. For you are life, rarer than a quark and unpredictable beyond the dreams of Heisenberg; the clay in which the forces that shape all things leave their fingerprints most clearly. Dry your eyes  and let's go home.”
“Maybe everyone is just waiting for someone else to save them.”
“I feel that life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. That's the two categories. The horrible are like, I don't know, terminal cases, you know, and blind people, crippled. I don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me. And the miserable is everyone else. So you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's very lucky, to be miserable.”
“Until we can receive with an open heart, we are never really giving with an open heart.”
“And there in the dark, he asks if it was really worth it. Were the instants of joy worth the stretches of sorrow? Were the moments of beauty worth the year of pain? And she turns her head, and looks at him, and says 'Always.”
“The existence of stars can be seen in the dark; Sometimes you may experience darkness in your life, consider it a blessing to prove your existence.”
“Just do without any thought, and there will be no competition for your simplicity, truth, and perseverance.”
“Dear Daughter, Search for the gift that lies dormant within. When you find it, do not ignore it; use it to glorify the One who gave you that gift.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them." ~Charles Bukowski”
“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”
“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
“Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.”
“Faith is a loose translation of "God has done it before. I know He can do it again.”
“You’ll be fine. You’re 25. Feeling [unsure] and lost is part of your path. Don’t avoid it. See what those feelings are showing you and use it. Take a breath. You’ll be okay. Even if you don’t feel okay all the time.”
“It is only the poorly educated people who seek corruption as a means of survival in the state.”
“The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.”
“Where there is a leader, there will always be problems that need solutions. A great leader does not sit around and not solve problems. He faces them head-on.”
“CLEMENTINE: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon. JOEL: I know. CLEMENTINE: What do we do? JOEL: Enjoy it.”
“The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.”
“For anyone who wishes to see something in real time, alive, that is completely unique and mysterious. Something that can not and will never be duplicated or completely understood nor defined, look in a mirror.”
“Understanding is not enough, the training of mental power is still necessary. I am not looking for peace in life, but for freedom. Simply, because freedom is sweeter than peace.”
“At this point, when you start discussing books with friends, You start Growing towards Maturity.”
“Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs; he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.”
“Women are the cradles of life. What sort of man tries to break a cradle (Marc)”
“Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!”
“If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life.”
“I messed up my life by trusting you.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“There was no private ownership of land. "You could own a knife, or you could own a horse, but you couldn't own ground any more than you could own the sun or the wind. The Earth was their mother and part of the Cosmos given to all creatures by the Great Spirit.”
“He walked out in the gray light and stood and he saw for a brief moment the absolute truth of the world. The cold relentless circling of the intestate earth. Darkness implacable. The blind dogs of the sun in their running. The crushing black vacuum of the universe. And somewhere two hunted animals trembling like ground-foxes in their cover. Borrowed time and borrowed world and borrowed eyes with which to sorrow it.”
“Disappointment came to me, and booted me, and bruised and hurt me, but that's how people grow up.”
“If I had learned anything in my life about love, it was that they were tenous things that could end at any moment. Caution was essential-but not at the cost of risking your life”
“Denial. It’s the only thing that keeps most of us from losing our sanity.”
“No one can take the shot for you.”
“Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not. ”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“The best way to know yourself is to learn to be yourself.”
“Life is a pleasant voyage until it runs into a typhoon .”
“Different desires in humans will also produce different purposes in life.”
“A dead end is not an end. It is an indicator of taking a U-turn and choosing a different path.”
“All that is transitory is but a metaphor.”
“This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.”
“Truth is the parallel of life, a light, which shines beyond pitiful self-denial and meandering pride.”
“Your circumstances, your past choices, who you were back then, and even how people wish you to be now need not define you.”
“While on a left-turning road, stop your vehicle, get out of the vehicle, start walking to the right! Surprise life, because life is sure that you will turn left! And when you surprise life, life sees something different in you! What is that different thing? It is the power and ability to change the direction of your life in an instant without fear, and life appreciates those who can do it!”
“One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.”
“She looked back as well as she could; but it was all confusion. She had taken up the idea, she supposed and made everything bend to it.”
“Today is passing by and Tomorrow is laughing at him. Tomorrow does not know that he himself will soon become Yesterday. Make of this what you will, but your gain will be great if it helps guide your behavior and relationship to seniors and, especially, older people.”
“Life is constantly teaching us lessons. The question is are we listening, learning and applying them?”
“You are the light you seek at the end of the tunnel.”
“The Word " EMPATHY " isn't use only just about your pain.”
“Sometimes, we do not forgive people because we feel entitled to hold on to a grudge. Yet we forget that we owe ourselves a happy life.”
“We are not subjected to Death, Murder, Killing, Tragedy, Agony nor Miseries of Hells", not Bone folded Fools". We fold , Unfold and Stretches .”
“If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.”
“He who becomes the slave of habit, who follows the same routes every day, who never changes pace, who does not risk and change the color of his clothes, who does not speak and does not experience, dies slowly. He or she who shuns passion, who prefers black on white, dotting ones "it’s" rather than a bundle of emotions, the kind that make your eyes glimmer, that turn a yawn into a smile, that make the heart pound in the face of mistakes and feelings, dies slowly. He or she who does not turn things topsy-turvy, who is unhappy at work, who does not risk certainty for uncertainty, to thus follow a dream, those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives, die slowly. He who does not travel, who does not read, who does not listen to music, who does not find grace in himself, she who does not find grace in herself, dies slowly. He who slowly destroys his own self-esteem, who does not allow himself to be helped, who spends days on end complaining about his own bad luck, about the rain that never stops, dies slowly. He or she who abandon a project before starting it, who fail to ask questions on subjects he doesn't know, he or she who don't reply when they are asked something they do know, die slowly. Let's try and avoid death in small doses, reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing. Only a burning patience will lead to the attainment of a splendid happiness.”
“Not being excited is to have missed the whole point of life.”
“A stumble may prevent a fall.”
“Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.”
“Never waste your life by living it on the terms and conditions of others.”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“I really think I write about everyday life. I don't think I'm quite as odd as others say I am. Life is intrinsically, well, boring and dangerous at the same time. At any given moment the floor may open up. Of course, it almost never does; that's what makes it so boring.”
“To many of you, I may appear young. But my soul knows no bounds; both in the past, the present and the future.”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“Keep your friends close but your enemies closer.”
“No one can ever forgive anyone on your behalf; you must do so on your own.”
“Self-acceptance is your truth, and in matters of someone else's opinion of you will only be their belief of you, and that opinion will only survive in your life if you accept it to be true.”
“There are no secrets to life. Life is a secret.”
“Not knowing is not a problem, not wondering is.”
“When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.”
“Silence may be a sign of patience, but it doesn't solve anything. Silence works for those who don't care about relationships in life.”
“Our great ancestors were also not sure about their future, hence do not worry, live your life.”
“In order to achieve something you’ve never achieved before, you have to become someone you’ve never been before.”
“Every night I used to pray that I’d find my people, and finally I did on the open road. We had nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore, except to make our lives into a work of art.”
“Your entire sense of self-worth is predicated upon your belief that you matter, that you matter to the universe. But you don't. Because we are the ants.”
“We should be humble in our approach. But should not grumble towards life”
“Every leader must take responsibility to serve those who put them in power.”
“The breath of our soul dancing into the dust of the Earth and shaping it with our soul’s artistry We are moving poetry”
“To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Dear Daughter, When you are in the spotlight, there will be those who aim to dull your shine. Be cautious at all times and aim to shine no matter what.”
“The scars of the past can sometimes come in the way of the happiness you can get from your life right now.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Your thought patterns can be a wellspring of abundance to live life on your terms. But negative talk and self-doubt are a drain on your inner resources.”
“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“For many have but one resource to sustain them in their misery, and that is to think, “Circumstances have been against me, I was worthy to be something much better than I have been. I admit I have never had a great love or a great friendship; but that is because I never met a man or a woman who were worthy of it; if I have not written any very good books, it is because I had not the leisure to do so; or, if I have had no children to whom I could devote myself it is because I did not find the man I could have lived with. So there remains within me a wide range of abilities, inclinations and potentialities, unused but perfectly viable, which endow me with a worthiness that could never be inferred from the mere history of my actions.” But in reality and for the existentialist, there is no love apart from the deeds of love; no potentiality of love other than that which is manifested in loving; there is no genius other than that which is expressed in works of art.”
“Life is the slow change from who we used to be into who we are now.”
“Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.”
“When the situation is good, there will be a lot of crowd around, without being successful even stories do not come to the fore.”
“You know nothing about my intentions because you are full of assumptions.”
“That's one of the things we learn as we grow older -- how to forgive. It comes easier at forty than it did at twenty.”
“You will receive everything you need when you stop asking for what you do not need”
“Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.”
“When things go wrong, don't go with them.”
“Books can truly change our lives: the lives of those who read them, the lives of those who write them. Readers and writers alike discover things they never knew about the world and about themselves.”
“The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.”
“It isn’t a sadness, but a joy, that we don’t do the same things for the length of our lives.”
“Reality is based solely upon desires that are brought to life by imagination and then given credibility by belief.”
“Empathy begins with understanding life from another person’s perspective. Nobody has an objective experience of reality. It’s all through our own individual prisms.”
“Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.”
“There is nothing special or terrifying about devil worshipers. They are just individuals drunk with the love of life.”
“Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.”
“Instructions for freedom": 1. Life's metaphors are God's instructions. 2. You have just climbed up and above the roof, there is nothing between you and the Infinite; now, let go. 3. The day is ending, it's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, let go. 4. Your wish for resolution was a prayer. You are being here is God's response, let go and watch the stars came out, in the inside and in the outside. 5. With all your heart ask for Grace and let go. 6. With all your heart forgive him, forgive yourself and let him go. 7. Let your intention be freedom from useless suffering then, let go. 8. Watch the heat of day pass into the cold night, let go. 9. When the Karma of a relationship is done, only Love remains. It's safe, let go. 10. When the past has past from you at last, let go.. then, climb down and begin the rest of your life with great joy.”
“How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.”
“True luxury isn’t material, it’s about people”
“Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.”
“It is not easy to excel in leadership, but it is possible where there is willingness and commitment.”
“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
“Transformational leadership is like medicine for society. It mends whatever is broken.”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.”
“Often it feels like I am breathing today only because a few years back I had no idea which nerve to cut ”
“you get nailed, when become straight.. But if you crooked, then will put in garbage bin..”
“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”
“Everyone makes mistake.. Type of mistake gives the perspective of Seriousness.”
“From the most insignificant of actions can come the most serious of consequences.”
“Still I want to feast in the ritual of living. To feel the day breathe me in until I become weightless. To cling to my faith like dew cleaves to daylight. I want to be charmed by life's hope-to let the heaviness of this world drift as lost ships in undisturbed seas-I want to saunter purposefully, until I find that soft thing that defines me." "The Silence in us”
“If you want to live a good life, make forgiveness a great deal in your life.”
“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”
“When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.”
“I scream for everything that has gone wrong. I scream for everything broken in our lives.”
“Just because the boat rocks doesn't mean it's time to jump overboard.”
“Allah is CLOSER to you than your jugular vein, He knows your DEEPEST thoughts; he feels your pain. Any problems, RAISE your hands to Allah and complain, The most compassionate, the one who LOVES you greatly. Allah is more MERCIFUL than a mother is to her baby, HOLD on to the QUR’AN and the SUNNAH tightly. A guiding LIGHT, shining brightly ”
“Our lamps and torches produce artificial lights, but we don't dare to call them so because they have been proved to be useful in our daily basis.”
“Love and friendship. They are what make us who we are, and what can change us, if we let them.”
“We all face challenges and disappointments in life, but it’s how we use these experiences to our advantage that matters! Instead of letting them bring us down, let’s take a moment to reflect on what went wrong, learn from our mistakes, and build resilience to help us move forward.”
“Oh, you hate your job? Why didn't you say so? There's a support group for that. It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar.”
“I'm not saying nothing, excepting to say it were done because it were needed to be done. There were lives needed saving. And there's an end to it. Lie isn't about medals. Now off you go, and leave me be. I got my lighthouse to look after.' And he just turned and walked away.”
“The thing that irks me most is this shattered prison, after all. I’m tired of being enclosed here. I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.”
“Get used to it. Life doesn't give, it takes. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.”
“And when your illusion of fear towards death decays- your life starts to ripen.”
“We all need love and support from others”
“Distance yourself for a bit. You'll realize a lot.”
“What a pity that life robs the rich of its beauty, and what’s worse, entices them with its ugliness.”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“Life is not notable for its overabundance of certainty.”
“No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.”
“If you learn to use the tools of body, mind, emotions, and energy by choice, you will naturally become a very impactful human being.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud ”
“Nor is there wanting in the press Some spirit to stand simply forth, Heroic in it nakedness, Against the uttermost of earth. The tale of earth's unhonored things Sounds nobler there than 'neath the sun; And the mind whirls and the heart sings, And a shout greets the daring one.”
“CALVIN: This whole Santa Claus thing just doesn't make sense. Why all the secrecy? Why all the mystery? If the guy exists why doesn't he ever show himself and prove it? And if he doesn't exist what's the meaning of all this? HOBBES: I dunno. Isn't this a religious holiday? CALVIN: Yeah, but actually, I've got the same questions about God.”
“Transformational leaders may look simple and their approaches may be simple, but they always find ways to handle complicated problems.”
“Do not go back to re-live the pain. Release yourself from that pain. Forgive!”
“As I get out of my bed, I feel better than yesterday”
“Each book is a mind alive, a life revealed, a world awaiting exploration, but living people are all those things, as well—and more, because their stories haven’t yet been completely told.”
“We could do it, you know." "What?" "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it.”
“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“Fill your own cup with happiness, Pour a little in others as well, And say cheers to life!”
“God created us all free from the very beginning, and placed Liberty in our hearts so that no one can take it away from us. If you touch heart of human to take away his Liberty, he will die. His Liberty and Life are united in one place: in his heart.”
“Dear Daughter, You will sometimes face seasons in your life that do not reflect triumph, but when you focus on making your mark, you will become a woman of impact.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“There's two kinds of women--those you write poems about and those you don't.”
“Those guys who want to have the Mohawk which, to me, is the new business casual.”
“Excellence/Perfection is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.”
“To perceive is to suffer.”
“I woke up rich this morning. Not because my bank account was full, but because my lungs were.”
“Some choose to influence change, and some choose to be influenced by change. You choose which one are you.”
“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
“A hug does more than a talk”
“We are always looking for supernatural beings in the universe, forgetting that we are part of these supernatural phenomena. We are the inner souls and not the corporeal beings.”
“I know everything gets better with time. But I don't know how to deal with the pain today.”
“The lack of forgiveness can make matters worse. Learn to forgive while you can.”
“..because never in my life have I ever been picked when there was another alternative.”
“Walk away without opening a door behind which you know there is something wonderful to make you happy! That's what it's called controlling emotions! And if you can control your emotions, you will gain a significant advantage over what life has to offer you, life can no longer guide you, you become the decision maker!”
“You create your own happiness by creating your own moments and cherishing them to the core. In life, we rarely project ourselves and reflect which is where we miss ourselves. There is no other moment than now to hold tight to yourself otherwise time keeps on moving and you lose yourself to the world. Life isn’t a destination but a journey you decide for yourself through a deeper visualization and planning. Time is an ultimate currency that should be traded wisely with the deserving and no matter what and no matter how much you try to control things, meeting people’s expectations somewhere somehow you will be written wrong. Life is a precious gift from god! Celebrate yourself!”
“Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Everything is hard, but your dreams are not impossible. If you have seen it with your mind’s eye, it is indeed quite achievable.”
“If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.”
“if you didn't trust yourself, who else will do”
“When your heart is broken you plant seeds in the cracks and you pray for rain. And you teach your sons and daughters there are sharks in the water but the only way to survive is to breathe deep and dive.”
“I should feel the air move against me, and feel the things I touched, instead of having only to look at them. I'm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visual - we can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we can only see. I'm sure that is entirely wrong.”
“Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.”
“Sometimes life takes hold of one, carries the body along, accomplishes one's history, and yet is not real, but leaves oneself as it were slurred over.”
“Not engaging in gossip and office politics is world-class behavior.”
“You have the right to maintain distance from anyone who doesn't let you be happy.”
“You wanted to feel alive, right? It doesn't matter if you're monster or human. Living hurts.”
“why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“Dear Daughter, Revolutionize your life. Rise and quit looking down on yourself. You have what it takes to dream big and manifest those dreams. Do it. Do it now. Do not wait for tomorrow. The clock is ticking.”
“Embrace nothing: If you meet the Buddha, kill the Buddha. If you meet your father, kill your father. Only live your life as it is, Not bound to anything.”
“The thorny question remains, who wrote it? The thorny question remains, who wrote it? All I remember was my decision to write something, my hand, my fingers, and even my mind, were just tools of writing and expression, like the computer I used. As for the writer, it was something or someone I did not know, sitting inside my body fighting me to get out of its prison, forcing me to bargain it for a few words that express it. I was like a lost visual artist whose empty painting was in front of him and his brush was in his hand but his thoughts were scattered, he did not know how to connect them or how to begin, but his senses began to weave the fabric of the thoughts of that deep thing inside, as they translate them, to create the most meaningful paintings. Every line I wrote I knew nothing of what was to come. I was even surprised by some of the chapters and reacted to them, just as you would react. They were as new to me as they are to you, and sometimes I was standing astonished to realize what I had written, or to understand the connection I had just discovered between the characters. This novel, inevitably, was already accomplished in me, as it was written in one go. It already existed. As for transcribing it on paper, it took me some time. It is a novel that expresses a part of an exception that I think I have had in my life. I cannot confirm or deny its events, even though they may have happened, in every detail, what is certain is the perspective of your understanding of the truth, they may be completely true, and from another perspective, they may be just delusions or dreamy fantasies, this depends on what truth means to you, or what it will be… I appreciate your valuable time. Believe me, I am the best to know. That is why I was careful that this was not just a classic, casual novel for fun while you are drinking your morning cup of coffee. Perhaps by it, I want to stir up that madness within you, who you have always been told, would be the cause of your ostracism, and your expulsion, out of the herd.”
“Do not feed your mind with any negativity. Teach your heart the art of forgiveness.”
“Then all events will become for you, a past that has passed and ended, and their occurrence is inevitable unless you intervene to change them, and manipulate them, but first, you need to know what their new shape will look like, and most importantly, where and how powerful will be the needed change to bring about the required change, in order to reset the scene, rearrange the occurrence of events, and the consequences of changing the hierarchy of their intersection. If you kill a butterfly, it will not flap its wings in the next hour, and what may result from this negligible change, may be the end of all humanity, or the occurrence of a horrific massacre, in which millions of people are killed without sin, except that they are religious, or farmers, or those with longer noses, just like holistically. He is on a date with the answer as the Alpha headquarters have proof of this.”
“I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway  let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.”
“One of life’s greatest obstacles to fulfilment is the habit of getting so caught up in the illusion of how others are doing while taking the reality of how well you are running your own race for granted.”
“Who can separate race from religion and religion from race, considering that any religion must inherit the culture and traditions of its founder?”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.”
“Sinful living is like driving in a car with clouded headlights: you can see the road in front of you, but the darker it gets, the less light you'll have to guide you.”
“The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.”
“If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there”
“If there were such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood.”
“Life is a mystery. Today you face the highest mountain; tomorrow you are beneath a rock somewhere in the valley. That is why you need to treat others with respect, for you never know where you will end up.”
“Comes the tipping point in life, when we decide to a ‘stop and search’ and our emotional police bring us to a standstill. This allows us to scan all the little details in the spectrum of our being; scour all fuzzy or cryptic elements that are floating around in our mind and restore the fault lines in the cluttered tale of our life. ("The world was somewhere else")”
“Home wasn't a set house, or a single town on a map. It was wherever the people who loved you were, whenever you were together. Not a place, but a moment, and then another, building on each other like bricks to create a solid shelter that you take with you for your entire life, wherever you may go.”
“I wonder if that's how darkness wins, by convincing us to trap it inside ourselves, instead of emptying it out. I don't want it to win.”
“There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.”
“Rule your mind or it will rule you.”
“Pray for a forgiving heart. Forgiving people helps you experience the fullness of life.”
“There is nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (209) - "Effort is Everything" by Bud Selig”
“Just don't kill yourself with consumption, kid.”
“Life doesn't require ideals. It requires standards of action.”
“ he asked, "Where are you today, right now?" Eagerly, I started talking about myself. However, I noticed that I was still being sidetracked from getting answers to my questions. Still, I told him about my distant and recent past and about my inexplicable depressions. He listened patiently and intently, as if he had all the time in the world, until I finished several hours later. "Very well," he said. "But you still have not answered my question about where you are." "Yes I did, remember? I told you how I got to where I am today: by hard work." "Where are you?" "What do you mean, where am I?" "Where Are you?" he repeated softly. "I'm here." "Where is here?" "In this office, in this gas station!" I was getting impatient with this game. "Where is this gas station?" "In Berkeley?" "Where is Berkeley?" "In California?" "Where is California?" "In the United States?" "On a landmass, one of the continents in the Western Hemisphere. Socrates, I " "Where are the continents? I sighed. "On the earth. Are we done yet?" "Where is the earth?" "In the solar system, third planet from the sun. The sun is a small star in the Milky Way galaxy, all right?" "Where is the Milky Way?" "Oh, brother, " I sighed impatiently, rolling my eyes. "In the universe." I sat back and crossed my arms with finality. "And where," Socrates smiled, "is the universe?" "The universe is well, there are theories about how it's shaped " "That's not what I asked. Where is it?" "I don't know - how can I answer that?" "That is the point. You cannot answer it, and you never will. There is no knowing about it. You are ignorant of where the universe is, and thus, where you are. In fact, you have no knowledge of where anything is or of What anything is or how is came to be. Life is a mystery. "My ignorance is based on this understanding. Your understanding is based on ignorance. This is why I am a humorous fool, and you are a serious jackass.”
“Moral wounds have this peculiarity - they may be hidden, but they never close; always painful, always ready to bleed when touched, they remain fresh and open in the heart.”
“Spring and summer are the ones that want winter to come the most because spring and summer owe their beauty to winter! Don't be sad when winter comes to your life, those winters will make your spring and summer more beautiful!”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.”
“How quick come the reasons for approving what we like.”
“Peace is the direct result of forgiveness.”
“The night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off.”
“How terribly sad it was that people are made in such a way that they get used to something as extraordinary as living.”
“Dear Daughter, Appreciate those who run towards you, even when things are not working out for you.”
“Leadership is about putting more effort into addressing the problems at hand.”
“Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!”
“Worry is the darkroom in which negatives can develop.”
“The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.”
“People are going to say what they want to say and think what they want to think, and I can't change their minds.”
“Droll thing life is -- that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose. The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself -- that comes too late -- a crop of inextinguishable regrets.”
“Effective leaders are able to account for what they have done and what they still need to do because they understand the power of looking back and reflecting, as well as looking ahead and planning.”
“Cowards shrink from challenges, weaklings flee from them, but warriors wink at them.”
“Dear Daughter, Remember to forget that which adds no value to your life.”
“Dear Leader! Learn from the people you lead; being a leader does not mean you know everything. Learn as much as you can. It will help you gain wisdom.”
“Flow, I must remind you here is a being-systemic process. Depression is a being-systemic deregulation that affects the neurophysiological.”
“The most important questions in life can never be answered by anyone except oneself.”
“The best time of my life is when I have no concept of it.”
“Transformational leadership is when those in power do what they can to empower those who are powerless.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life…”
“You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity. At some time, every creature which lives must do so. It is the ultimate shadow, the defeat of creation; this is the curse at work, the curse that feeds on all life. Everywhere in the universe.”
“Dear Leader, Examine your ways so that they cannot undermine your position as a leader.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to experience open doors in your lifetime, declare war against things that waste your time.”
“I have a theory about marriage, Monsieur Boustouler. And it's that nearly always you will know within two weeks if it's going to work. It's astonishing how many people remain shackled for years, decades even, in a protracted and mutual state of self-delusion and false hope when in fact they had their answer in those first two weeks.”
“Our lives are not as limited as we think they are; the world is a wonderfully weird place; consensual reality is significantly flawed; no institution can be trusted, but love does work; all things are possible; and we all could be happy and fulfilled if we only had the guts to be truly free and the wisdom to shrink our egos and quit taking ourselves so damn seriously.”
“What's up with you? How come you're being like this?' Because it's the truth. This is the world we live in.”
“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
“What about the pain? How did you got rid of it? Darling, in this world, there's no salvation from pain.”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me ”
“Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.”
“Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing.”
“Forgiveness happens when you choose to be obedient to the needs of your heart while you become disobedient to the negative instructions of your mind.”
“When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh.”
“I will never deny that life isn't fair. It seems as though when a woman leaves a man she is strong and independent, but when a man leaves a woman he is a pig and a jerk.”
“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself ”
“It's not the story of Adam and Eve that matters most. The key to knowing the mystery of life is to know and understand the true meaning of love.”
“It is not the intensity of the problem that makes leaders succeed. It is their willingness to solve problems that exist.”
“Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.”
“Why is life hard on some while being soft on others? It would appear as if it feels a monotonous regimen would bore people to death, thereby bringing the creation to an unintended end. So, for the larger good of mankind, it could be constrained to contrive individual inequities to keep alive the general interest in it. Wonder how it prepares the black list for the fate to act upon! As all are dear to it were it not possible that blindfolded, it would go in for random selection with a sinking heart! And once fate gets hold of life’s blacklist, won’t weddings come in handy for it to impart misery in many wrong permutations and provide bliss in a few right combinations!”
“Was it hard?" I ask. Letting go?" Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real.”
“You put it all together. You’re the heart of us, Park, and one day someone else is going to love you for that heart just like we do.”
“The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.”
“The right lesson in the art of living begins with a chapter of death.”
“Unforgiveness strips you of the peace you need. Forgive and enjoy a life of peace.”
“I know that the whole point—the only point—is to find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.”
“People choose unhappiness by loving those who don't love them back.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good, even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“The strength of leadership is seen in its ability to help the underprivileged.”
“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
“There are two ways to live a life either forget everything or, remember nothing.”
“All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.”
“You can count your blessings without having to count the misfortunes of others.”
“The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Given a choice between goose egg and heartache, I would choose heartache.”
“I feel so lonely; and this dark loneliness makes me feel so much pain.”
“In order to move on, you must understand why you felt what you did and why you no longer need to feel it.”
“Powerful leaders empower their followers so that when they are no longer in power, the mission can still be accomplished.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“Faith is a stance you take as you say, "I will trust God for my miracles, even in the face of obstacles.”
“Sometimes you get so used to getting hurt in life that you forget how to enjoy when you finally get happiness.”
“Why are you fighting me, to accept you the way you are ? When you are faking, acting and pretending the way you are to me.”
“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”
“Life has become immeasurably better since I have been forced to stop taking it seriously.”
“Be unadulterated, and no one can mimic you.”
“Dear Daughter, Some doors will only open when you are ready to move from the valley and climb to the mountaintop.”
“Never apologize for how you feel. No one can control how they feel. The sun doesn’t apologize for being the sun. The rain doesn’t say sorry for falling. Feelings just are”
“Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.”
“It’s hard to tell. Who is alive? Who is dead? We all look same here. We all are stung, harshly stung by life. However, we’ve to survive and we’ll survive.”
“A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.”
“True healers don't come to heal. They come to remind others of the healer within.”
“It has always seemed strange to me The things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.”
“Peace is the ultimate achievement to realize in life.”
“No matter how small, every life has a soul.”
“Unforgiveness is like a virus. To survive, it needs a receptor. Forgive and you will not give it a chance.”
“Sex is the real motivation in any relationship.”
“Dear Leader, There will be times when your character or decisions will be questioned. That is the reality of life. When you go through that time, when they question why you acted that way or why you had to make those decisions; face the crowd and give an account. You will be able to gain their trust through your ability to account.”
“No shoes and a ball cap are better than steel toes and a hard hat.”
“So we forgive each other?" The crooked smile climbs up one more time. "Again?" And I look right into his eyes, right into him as far as I can see, because I want him to hear me, I want him to hear me with everything I mean and feel and say. "Always," I say to him. "Every time.”
“You often meet your fate on the road you take to avoid it.”
“When leaders succeed in helping communities, they should be given a chance to transfer those leadership skills to others.”
“Life is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel.”
“Life flirts with me, seduces me. I constantly hear the siren call of life.”
“There's only one me. The closest thing that looks like me is my shadow, and it's still not me.”
“Often, it’s not about becoming a new person, but becoming the person you were meant to be, and already are, but don’t know how to be.”
“Leadership is not for short-sighted people but for those who strive to influence others to achieve great results, even with limited resources and time.”
“Life doesn't always give us the choices we want. All we can do is make the best of things.”
“When you win, you often lose, that's just a fact. There's no currency to straighten a warped spirit, or open a closed heart, a selfish heart ”
“This new day has greeted us with no rules; unconditional opportunity. Do not dilute the power of this new day with the hardship of yesterday. Greet this day the way it has greeted you; with open arms and endless possibility.”
“Life. It’s not just about watching the stars. It’s about shining with them.”
“Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.”
“It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.”
“No one live alone”
“Ten long trips around the sun since I last saw that smile, but only joy and thankfulness that on a tiny world in the vastness, for a couple of moments in the immensity of time, we were one.”
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.”
“Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.”
“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”
“Goals want to realize themselves.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.”
“It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.”
“Well, sometimes I worry that my whole life will be based about what's comfortable and easy. I'll care too much about what makes me feel good to ever really reach for anything. And then I worry that even if I do, I won't succeed.”
“I was in the biggest breakdown of my life when I stopped crying long enough to let the words of my epiphany really sink in. That whore, karma, had finally made her way around, and had just bitch-slapped me right across the face. The realization only made me cry harder.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“All of us are busy but how about doing nothing for a while and listening to everything that has been longing to speak to us.”
“A broken heart is the ultimate lesson in life. The pain we go through is a detox that is necessary not only to overcome the trauma but to refine and re establish our worth our boundaries and our happiness from within.”
“Certain things in life are like crumpled pages. No matter how hard you try, you just can't smooth them out.”
“Defiance is not confidence,' Lili said. 'Bravado is not courage.”
“Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.”
“One of the most important lessons I've come to learn is this: We are all sailing in our own individual ship of life; and no matter how great of a sailer you may be, we all experience seasons the same. The storms will come, and the cold will come, the warmth shall come, and the blossom of spring shall also come.   Winter is not bad for existing, nor is summer any less great for being hot. Each season exists to serve its purpose  And none of us are exempted from enduring the seasons. Understand the seasons and times of life. Take delight in the sun and at the sight of blooming flowers, but remember, the storms and the winter shall also surely come. Learn how to adjust your sails and know when to adjust them, prepare yourself for the cold and the stormy seasons, but remember to always enjoy the sun while it shines ”
“The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.”
“The next time you find yourself throwing mental darts at someone who betrayed you, just remember karma has a better aim.”
“Dear Daughter, Conceive ideas that will lead you to open doors and perceive yourself walking through those doors. Do not be held captive by limiting perspectives. There is a God who can ensure that you experience open doors.”
“Forgiveness does not invalidate the pain. It only validates your need for peace. Forgive and enjoy a life of peace.”
“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
“Whether at age 33, 53 or 73, you are never too old to own your first pair of Nike Airforce one shoes.”
“People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That’s how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be “correct” or “true”? Merely vague concepts… Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?”
“It’s a peculiar feature of human nature that we love to see those close to us, climb up the staircase of success, but, behind us. If they happen to catch up with us, needing to share the space with them, we feel choked, and were they to overtake us, we feel morose, though they might remain friendly. It is because, used as we were to condescend to descend in our affections to them, we lose countenance, not counting our jealousy, that they too might seem patronizing from their altered stations.”
“There are times I wish I were invisible. Which is silly, since I do everything I can to stand out.”
“You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.”
“He thought of her often, and he missed the companionship they'd once shared and the friendship that had been the bedrock of their marriage at its best.”
“The meaning of life for someone is a meaning of someone's life.”
“Life equals running and when we stop running maybe that's how we'll know life is finally finished.”
“Some things need to be left unsaid.”
“Life's full of chances to hurt yourself or someone else [ ] In the next few days, you'll have more chances to hurt yourself than most men get in a lifetime. It's learning things and doing things right that make it worthwhile, make a man easy with himself. When I was young, nobody could tell me anything. I knew it all. It took a lot of mistakes to teach me that I didn't know goose shit from tapioca.”
“Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.”
“Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly.”
“All people have events and accidents in their life, not all people have stories in their life. Those who can overcome accidents and events, their incidents become stories.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark so that no one misrepresents you on this journey of life.”
“People are less quick to applaud you as you grow older. Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there.”
“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”
“Life is all about making decisions, but it's not the decisions we make that shape our lives - it's our habits. Habits are the daily actions that give us direction and eventually decide where we end up. So choose your habits wisely.”
“It is always better to avenge dear ones than to indulge in mourning. For every one of us, living in this world means waiting for our end. Let whoever can win glory before death. When a warrior is gone, that will be his best and only bulwark.”
“One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.”
“How far from God would I wander if I had a life without suffering?”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be here… I wouldn’t be anywhere.”
“Life happened as it has, so we could be what we had to be.”
“Do not take your need for peace for granted. Do not bear grudges. Forgive!”
“Life is like driving on the road. You will sometimes encounter speed limits, speed bumps, speed cops, slippery roads and sharp curves. The road will not always be flat, regardless of the vehicle you drive. What is important is to arrive at the right destination despite the variations as you advance.”
“Life belongs to those who are counted among the living. So, be conscious at all times and make yours count.”
“No make-up in the world can make you pretty, until you apply the foundation of love and wisdom”
“You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across?”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“The most celebrated leaders are not those who make celebrations in honour of themselves, but those who create opportunities for others to celebrate.”
“To understand just one life you have to swallow the world   do you wonder, then, that I was a heavy child?”
“Dear Daughter, Let nothing stop you from responding to a Divine call. Make the right choice and in the end, you will stand tall.”
“Traditional education allows only the stupid to thrive.”
“You don’t have to lie to tell the truth. One lie of what is happening or what happened makes the whole thing unbelievable and questionable.”
“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.”
“I'm sure you think that I don't understand what you're going through, but I do. It's just that sometimes, our future is dictated by what we are, opposed to what we want.”
“Silence gives you a lot of strength, but it also pushes your close people away.”
“The funniest thing about life is when we walk on the uncertain road called life, we act as if the path is certain! Why? Because we are terrified of uncertain paths!”
“It’s either love life or fear it.”
“As the day ends, always think of this: Everything ends! But don't let it make you unhappy knowing that everything will end! On the contrary, let it encourage you to join the ranks of people who want to create a world where things will never end!”
“Observe the behavior of the butterfly, and chase no one, for they will only elude you.”
“What we must ask ourselves and our schools is what is the purpose of school? In their book, The FourthTurning, Strouss & Howe, remind us of the historical fact that we repeat history. That means that for the next generation we live in an entrepreneurial universe. If we, by that I mean, our schools aren't teaching those skills that an entrepreneur requires to succeed what use are they?”
“When life hands you dirt plant seeds.”
“A happy past with someone who isn't a part of your present doesn't let you move toward the future.”
“Love does not only need a taste, but it also needs a present.”
“It is not the number of years in a position that makes one a great leader. It is the number of lives empowered during those years that matters.”
“You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.”
“In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.”
“Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“The ghost is real  if the ghost is a secret from the past, then yes, the ghost as a metaphor could be real. Otherwise, there is no place for the dead and in this rotten world of the living.”
“Envy, after all, comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“Dear Daughter, Guard against the victim mentality. It makes people feel and live as if life owes them an apology.”
“Children are ever so keen to cut their teeth on what their parents do consistently. So, when you treat your parents with loving care today, you are most likely teaching your children how to honour you in the future.”
“Brainstorming cannot be done until and unless an attitude becomes character”
“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
“In life there are two things which are dependable. The pleasures of the flesh and the pleasures of literature.”
“I love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. I love you.”
“As you grow up, always tell the truth, do no harm to others, and don't think you are the most important being on earth. Rich or poor, you then can look anyone in the eye and say, 'I'm probably no better than you, but I'm certainly your equal.”
“Love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. And when it subsides you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion. That is just being in love, which any fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident. Those that truly love have roots that grow towards each other underground, and, when all the pretty blossoms have fallen from their branches, they find that they are one tree and not two.”
“Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them.”
“Atheism, a religion dedicated to its own sense of smug superiority.”
“Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“And when I saw him[my father] lying dead in a pool of his own blood, I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might be not. Either way, we're on our own.”
“The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.”
“Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father. But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. He came to the next land. There, to his astonishment, from every coast he saw islands, and on these islands, strange and troubling creatures whom he dared not name. As he was searching for a boat, a man in full evening dress approached him along the shore. Are those real islands?' asked the young prince. Of course they are real islands,' said the man in evening dress. And those strange and troubling creatures?' They are all genuine and authentic princesses.' Then God must exist!' cried the prince. I am God,' replied the man in full evening dress, with a bow. The young prince returned home as quickly as he could. So you are back,' said the father, the king. I have seen islands, I have seen princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully. The king was unmoved. Neither real islands, nor real princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully. The king was unmoved. Neither real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist.' I saw them!' Tell me how God was dressed.' God was in full evening dress.' Were the sleeves of his coat rolled back?' The prince remembered that they had been. The king smiled. That is the uniform of a magician. You have been deceived.' At this, the prince returned to the next land, and went to the same shore, where once again he came upon the man in full evening dress. My father the king has told me who you are,' said the young prince indignantly. 'You deceived me last time, but not again. Now I know that those are not real islands and real princesses, because you are a magician.' The man on the shore smiled. It is you who are deceived, my boy. In your father's kingdom there are many islands and many princesses. But you are under your father's spell, so you cannot see them.' The prince pensively returned home. When he saw his father, he looked him in the eyes. Father, is it true that you are not a real king, but only a magician?' The king smiled, and rolled back his sleeves. Yes, my son, I am only a magician.' Then the man on the shore was God.' The man on the shore was another magician.' I must know the real truth, the truth beyond magic.' There is no truth beyond magic,' said the king. The prince was full of sadness. He said, 'I will kill myself.' The king by magic caused death to appear. Death stood in the door and beckoned to the prince. The prince shuddered. He remembered the beautiful but unreal islands and the unreal but beautiful princesses. Very well,' he said. 'I can bear it.' You see, my son,' said the king, 'you too now begin to be a magician.”
“These woods are lovely, dark and deep, But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep, And miles to go before I sleep.”
“Ah, Nothing is too late, till the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.”
“Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work and driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for—in order to get to the job you need to pay for the clothes and the car, and the house you leave vacant all day so you can afford to live in it.”
“Dear Daughter, Speak like a queen who occupies a special seat in this world. God created you to reign. So, be proud of who you are and look after your crown.”
“After all, we are the masters of our own happiness. For happiness ceases to exist when we rely on someone else for it.”
“The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.”
“Just because life is hard, and always ends in a bad way, doesn't mean that all stories have to, even if that's what they tell us in school and in the New York Times Review. In fact, it's a good thing that stories are as different as we are, one from another.”
“Life isn't about being silent. It's about knowing when to speak up.”
“Dear Daughter, Love others, be kind to them and pray for them. That is what humanity is all about. In doing that, do not forget yourself; for when you love yourself, you will easily love others.”
“Sleep my little baby-oh Sleep until you waken When you wake you'll see the world If I'm not mistaken  Kiss a lover Dance a measure, Find your name And buried treasure  Face your life Its pain, Its pleasure, Leave no path untaken.”
“So, preferring death to capture, I accomplished the most astonishing deeds, and which, more then once, showed me that the too great care we take of our bodies is the only obstacle to the sucess of those projects which require rapid decision, and vigorous and determined execution. In reality, when you have once devoted your life to your enterprises, you are no longer the equal of other men, or, rather, other men are no longer your equals, and whosoever has taken this resolution, feels his strength and resources doubled.”
“A well-planned day makes you a better focused entrepreneur with a greater vision.”
“Those silent one's are good observers.”
“It is singularity which often makes the worst part of our suffering, as it always does of our conduct.”
“The road is as long and as thrilling as you make it. Go slow, and the ride is short and boring. But go fast, and the trip is expansive and enthralling. Some may say this is life in the fast lane—I think this is life in the best lane. -- Suzanna in Flower Girl A Novel”
“Pay the price required for a peaceful life. Make forgiveness part of your daily life.”
“We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines—we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. I do not say lonely—at least, not all the time—but essentially, and finally, alone. This is what makes your self-respect so important, and I don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness.”
“That's life for you, doesn't always happen the way you want or expect. Actually half the time you get thrown something even better than what you think.”
“Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them, too---even when you're in the dark. Even when you're falling.”
“Sometimes, people do not realize the power of forgiveness. That is why they walk around carrying bitterness, which hurts them in the end.”
“I cannot pretend I am without fear. But my predominant feeling is one of gratitude. I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return; I have read and traveled and thought and written. I have had an intercourse with the world, the special intercourse of writers and readers. Above all, I have been a sentient being, a thinking animal, on this beautiful planet, and that in itself has been an enormous privilege and adventure.”
“But when your situation is hopeless, all you can do is turn the world upside down, transform it according to your wishes, and create anew.”
“Dear Leader, Followers are no longer looking for eloquent leaders. They are sick and tired of too many speeches. Followers are now in dire need of leaders who implement winning strategies.”
“The key to a simple life is to prioritize what matters most.”
“I know there is no straight road No straight road in this world Only a giant labyrinth Of intersecting crossroads”
“Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.”
“Self-talk should be a conversation of priority with oneself. It can be encouraging when having a positive outlook on life with your thoughts, beliefs, and ideas. Be Optimistic with positive thinking, and it can be an effective way to better your wellbeing with excellent outcomes in life. As a result, you will have greater life satisfaction.”
“When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”
“Live each day as if it were your last” is a good idea—once a week.”
“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”
“From my low perch, I watch the world as it passes by on these dirty side streets. There are no westerners in this corner of the city. Just locals going about their business. Weighing out brightly colored spices, walking back from the fish market, stopping at the paan shop, socializing over tea. Old men in lungis and flip-flops walking hand in hand and dirty-faced children who are all bright smiles and wild eyes. I am comfortable here. Sitting on this board, in this tiny chai stall, hidden away from the recognizable world. For the moment, I have disappeared.”
“Don't complain if your're facing hard moments in life. Challenge yourself to face it, challenge yourself to beat it.”
“Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!”
“To live greatly, we must develop the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and triumph with humility.”
“Don't just write a "To Do" list. Write a "To Be" list.”
“Hate is nothing when weighed against survival. (Valentine)”
“At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.”
“Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.”
“I sacrificed my time for the greater good. At this moment, I feel quite ready to serve the world and humanity in general.”
“Guilt results from unused life, from the unlived in us.”
“Nurturing empathy in our relationships is a lifelong endeavor, one that requires continuous practice, reflection, and growth.”
“Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Reality continues to ruin my life.”
“Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“It’s not always the strongest trees that survive the storm. Sometimes it’s the trees that bend with the wind.”
“-Do you know the difference between intellectual telepathy and emotional reincarnation? -Yes, telepathy is reading thoughts, and reading feelings and sensations. -Did it ever occur to you that someone is telepathy to you against your will? -Some people have this talent, or so they claim. Baibars: It is not a talent, but a knowledge. Physiognomy was never a talent, but rather an experience. People who travel a lot, social people, who have an appetite for information, and details, are the owners of physiognomy, who acquire it as a result of their experiences, all of which are stored in their subconscious mind, and the latter gives them results. In the form of emphatic feelings, we call it physiognomy, or talent. And basically, it’s based on data: we do not hear or know about anyone who has insight, who has earned this talent while sitting at home, but who is a frequent traveler. The more data you have, the more precise you are able to telepath with your target, and now telepathy is happening at every moment. With the technical revolution and the development and diversity of the means of all information, in many ways, social networking sites are not the first and will not be the last. With the development of computers, and their ability to process huge amounts of data, in a relatively acceptable time, and with the development of artificial intelligence software, and self-learning software, our privacy has become violated by many parties around the world, not only the intelligence services, but even studies and research centers, and decision-making institutions. They all collect an awful lot of data every day, and everyone in this world has a share of it. These software and computers will stand powerless if you strip them from their database, which must be constantly updated. Telepathy became available, easy, and possible, as never before. Physiognomy became electronic in the literal sense of the word. However, our feelings, and our emotions, remain our impenetrable fortress. If you decide to make your entire electronic life a made-up story, contrary to the reality of what you feel, such as expressing joy when you feel sad, this software will expect you from you other than what you really feel, it will fail. The more you are cunning, and deceitful in reincarnation, the more helpless it stands in knowing the truth of your feelings that no one else knows. All that is required of you is to express the opposite of what you feel. The randomness of humans, their spontaneity, and those they think are their free decisions, have been programmed by a package of factors surrounding them, which were imposed on them, including society, environment, conditions, and education. The challenge is to act neither spontaneously nor randomly, and here lies the meaning of the real free will. Can you imagine that? Your spontaneity is pre-programmed, and your random decisions that you think are absolutely free, are in fact not free, and until you are able to imagine this and believe in it, you will remain a slave to the system. To be free you must first overcome it, you must rebel against what you think is your free self. He was silent for a moment, took a breath from his cigarette, and what he was about to say now almost made him inevitable madness, a few years ago… -But, did it occur to you, Robert, that there is someone who can know the truth about your feelings, no matter how hard you try to fake them! And even knows it before you even feel it! A long moment of silence…”
“The real power lies in being able to focus”
“I can't see that Danish episode as an adventure, or a crisis survived, or a serious quest for anything definable. It was just another happening like today's luncheon, something I got into and got out of. And it reminds me too much of how little life changes: how, without dramatic events or high resolves, without tragedy, without even pathos, a reasonably endowed, reasonably well-intentioned man can walk through the world's great kitchen from end to end and arrive at the back door hungry.”
“Love and be loved. Settle for no less. Ask for no more.”
“You can only rise to your highest possible failure.”
“Like lost children we live our unfinished adventures.”
“No opposition can stop great leaders from assuming their rightful positions, because great leaders know their expectations.”
“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”
“Just because everyone else chooses to live a certain way does not mean you have to. You can be the role model for someone else.”
“When you are surrounded by those who make life easy, you will enjoy it. But in the company of those who complicate things, life will not be easy.”
“To reiterate: not all things need to be finished, and free reading is a prime example of this. Writing – or the composition of words which are intended to be read – just like painting, sculpting, or composing music, is a form of art. Typically, not all art is able to resonate with each and every viewer – or, in this case, reader. If we walk through a museum and see a boring painting, or listen to an album we don’t enjoy, we won’t keep staring at said painting, nor will we listen to the album. So, if we don’t like a book, if we aren’t learning from it, dreaming about it, enjoying its descriptions, pondering its messages, or whatever else may be redeeming about a specific book, why would we waste our time to “just finish it?” Sure, we may add another book to the list of books read, but is more always better?”
“This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.”
“Peace never lacks in a heart that forgives others.”
“You cannot find peace by avoiding life.”
“Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.”
“I'm as cruel as life. As cruel as love.”
“We often delay and sometimes even abandon the commencement of things entirely, primary because of the foreseeable end we have in mind.”
“Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Dear Daughter, Always ensure that your decisions and actions assist you to unlock closed doors. Avoid doing the opposite.”
“Happiness without work is a grave snare to the soul.”
“Death is the glorious passage of life temporal into life eternal”
“Ignorance is a fine line that separates right and wrong.”
“There's no such thing as ready, there's only willing.”
“I always knew, on some level, that I wouldn't live long. It's simply not written in my stars.”
“Humility is perfect quietness of heart. It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me. It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised. It is to have a blessed home in the Lord, where I can go in and shut the door, and kneel to my Father in secret, and am at peace as in a deep sea of calmness, when all around and above is trouble.”
“Exceptional leaders do exceptional things, even when they are not expected to do so.”
“I am a frayed and nibbled survivor in a fallen world, and I am getting along. I am aging and eaten and have done my share of eating too. I am not washed and beautiful, in control of a shining world in which everything fits, but instead am wondering awed about on a splintered wreck I've come to care for, whose gnawed trees breathe a delicate air, whose bloodied and scarred creatures are my dearest companions, and whose beauty bats and shines not in its imperfections but overwhelmingly in spite of them ”
“Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.”
“Through all of living have much joy and laughter, life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.”
“Here’s how I see it. You can break people up into three groups. The pre-midnight crowd, which is your average stiff. Saddled by their spouse, kids, and American idealism, easy to peg and rather uninteresting. Then, there’s the after-midnight crowd which is pretty interesting. They’re the people who can talk about the dark side, but not really go there, maybe they danced with it in college. But they still know how to have some fun. Then there’s the after 4am crowd that really opens your eyes to the world. You want empathy for people? Smoke a joint with two hookers who drive over two hours at 4.30 in the morning just to earn a living. Say what you want about morality, but that’s as real as it gets. All of sudden, 9-to-5 doesn’t seem so bad. Neither does the grumpy neighbor or that a-hole cousin. Plus, it’s quite liberating. You can say whatever you want. It’s all on the table. There’s nothing you can say that’s going to offend the underworld. What can be more extreme than the reality these two girls live?”
“You will never know the power of forgiveness until you forgive.”
“People ignore death but death never ignores people.”
“My mind then wandered. I thought of this: I thought of how every day each of us experiences a few little moments that have just a bit more resonance than other moments—we hear a word that sticks in our mind—or maybe we have a small experience that pulls us out of ourselves, if only briefly—we share a hotel elevator with a bride in her veils, say, or a stranger gives us a piece of bread to feed to the mallard ducks in the lagoon; a small child starts a conversation with us in a Dairy Queen—or we have an episode like the one I had with the M&M cars back at the Husky station. And if we were to collect these small moments in a notebook and save them over a period of months we would see certain trends emerge from our collection—certain voices would emerge that have been trying to speak through us. We would realize that we have been having another life altogether; one we didn’t even know was going on inside us. And maybe this other life is more important than the one we think of as being real—this clunky day-to-day world of furniture and noise and metal. So just maybe it is these small silent moments which are the true story-making events of our lives.”
“ don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”
“Pretending to be happy will make you more sad.”
“Better an unsung HERO than the source of envy.”
“( )best of luck, avoid roasted cabbage, don't eat earwax, and look on the bright side of life!”
“It ends when you're ready for a new beginning.”
“Leadership can only be effective if leaders do not shy away from planning, implementing and evaluating solutions.”
“It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.”
“Single is no longer a lack of options – but a choice. A choice to refuse to let your life be defined by your relationship status but to live every day Happily and let your Ever After work itself out.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“I'm always happy when I'm surrounded by water, I think I'm a Mermaid or I was a mermaid. The ocean makes me feel really small and it makes me put my whole life into perspective… it humbles you and makes you feel almost like you’ve been baptized. I feel born again when I get out of the ocean.”
“Never forget that anticipation is an important part of life. Work's important, family's important, but without excitement, you have nothing. You're cheating yourself if you refuse to enjoy what's coming.”
“After we die money is useless, money can't buy you eternal life.”
“If you know who you are, no one can convince you to be who you are not.”
“To live in a city is to live the life that it was built for, to adapt to its schedule and rhythms, to move within the transit layout made for you during the morning and evening rush, winding through the crowds of fellow commuters. To live in a city is to consume its offerings. To eat at its restaurants. To drink at its bars. To shop at its stores. To pay its sales taxes. To give a dollar to its homeless. To live in a city is to take part in and to propagate its impossible systems. To wake up. To go to work in the morning. It is also to take pleasure in those systems because, otherwise, who could repeat the same routines, year in, year out?”
“Don't hate back the people who hate you. Such people already have a lot of issues to deal with.”
“Keep on fighting like an animal without to lose the romantic and logical nature of a human being, that's Life.”
“You will never know what you are doing until and unless you have done it.”
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”
“The spiritual life does not remove us from the world but leads us deeper into it”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“I am convinced--truly convinced-- that 99% of living is useless. The only--and I mean the ONLY--part of life that is worth anything, is the part where we love a few people in our lives, and to what degree we are able to love them, how much we are able to give, how much of our hearts we are able to put into it. Time moves fast forward; meanwhile, we spend that time on making money, chasing dreams, building names for ourselves, achieving stuff that we want to achieve time moves fast forward and instead of standing in moments with a few people that we love, we run fast forward with it! We forget how to love a few people given to us to love, we forget how to stay, we forget how to feel, we forget, we forget, we forget, so we can run towards death, leaving behind a house perhaps; kids perhaps; a bank account hopefully; a name worth remembering maybe. But did we love? Did you love? Did you stay? Did you love with all of your heart? Did you? Will you?”
“Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps”
“Even bad times are temporary.”
“If you're 'Blind' from your eyes still you can see & feel the pain' & happiness of everything. But if you're Blind from your inner self, though you have the eyes - everything seems a lie, negative to you. "People should have thier inner eye's open by the education and react. Then only, we can be a part of 'Crime free & true human|nature society' someday.”
“It was not difficult for an intelligent physicist to understand what was behind his gazes. The longer we sit, the more he looks at my smallest detail, he keeps looking at my lips, my neck, and my shoulders, with a gaze full of passion. Shy but still a female, who will not fail to feel a man’s desires toward her which is one of her most important strengths that was inherited from her ancestors. She looks away, but still sees her surroundings with a wider panoramic view than a man does. her sensors pick up risks, feelings, and repressed desires, many times as much as he can. It is enough for her to stand in front of the wardrobe and without moving her head or her eyes, she sees all its contents, she finds what she wants in a second, while a man has to move his eyes, head, and probably most of his organs and all of his senses to find what he is looking for, and often fails. Thus, our mind has developed these physical abilities, over thousands of years, as needed. The man’s need was to focus on his arrow and his prey, and his foresight has evolved, it has become more focused, while the woman’s need is to protect the home and children from dangers, her panoramic view has evolved to see her surroundings more broadly than the man’s. So, our mind programmed itself, and in this way, it developed our abilities. What it does not need, it leaves or neglects until this thing withers and dies, but what it thinks is important or needed, it keeps, strengthens it. Necessity is the key to evolution. Even athletes are well aware of this: in the body-building halls, they gradually lift weights, to force their brains to feed and build muscles. And as long as they’re still in pain to lift a weight, their brains realize they need more muscle power, so they can handle that weight without danger, and the brain starts to protein the muscles, thereby strengthening them and increasing their size. If it didn’t find enough protein in the diet, it creates it. As the muscles became stronger, and the weight on the trainee became easier to carry, he increased it, and the brain began to strengthen the muscles more to handle the new weight. If the muscle ceases to gain weight, it freezes at enough force and size to carry the current weight. The principle of negligence and usage; what has a need remains, and what has no need perishes. But Mousa’ need recently while going to the bodybuilding gym is not to stimulate the mind to meet his muscular needs. Rather, his causes are more profound, dangerous, and insane… But whom of us would need this?”
“My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.”
“What difference does a New Year make but for the change of the calendar”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemy's staying alive.”
“Dear Leader, Learn to preserve lives because those lives will protect your power as a leader.”
“One of the hardest and truest things a grown-up learns is that sometimes it's not okay.”
“Self belief is the 'Power' to get success!”
“Dear Leader, Be prepared for a ‘not-so-easy easy life if you are willing to lead right. Leadership is not leisure. It has an excessive amount of pressure. But if you can handle that pressure, you will be a successful leader.”
“Leadership is not only about titles. It is about offering good service to the followers.”
“A universe without purpose should neither depress us nor suggest that our lives are purposeless. Through an awe-inspiring cosmic history we find ourselves on this remote planet in a remote corner of the universe, endowed with intelligence and self-awareness. We should not despair, but should humbly rejoice in making the most of these gifts, and celebrate our brief moment in the sun.”
“Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.”
“Why, what is to live? Not to eat and drink and breathe,—but to feel the life in you down all the fibres of being, passionately and joyfully.”
“False pride can make you believe that you are always right, even if you are always wrong. But it's just a belief.”
“Here, start living moment to moment totally and intensely, joyfully and playfully — and you will see that nothing goes out of control; that your intelligence becomes sharper; that you become younger; that your love becomes deeper. And when you go out into the world, wherever you go, spread life, playfulness, joy, as far away as possible — to every nook and corner of the earth.”
“Tried living in the real world instead of a shell, but I was bored before I even began.”
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
“To find the right person, you must first BE the right person.”
“those storms that you carry in your mind were meant to be conquered”
“Happiness and pain are essentially the same thing.”
“You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.”
“Life is for service.”
“An idle life is a bitter life.”
“It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.”
“Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.”
“With experience, you start responding better to life troubles.”
“Reshaping life! People who can say that have never understood a thing about life—they have never felt its breath, its heartbeat—however much they have seen or done. They look on it as a lump of raw material that needs to be processed by them, to be ennobled by their touch. But life is never a material, a substance to be molded. If you want to know, life is the principle of self-renewal, it is constantly renewing and remaking and changing and transfiguring itself, it is infinitely beyond your or my obtuse theories about it.”
“She was a gypsy, as soon as you unravelled the many layers to her wild spirit she was on her next quest to discover her magic. She was relentless like that, the woman didn't need no body but an open road, a pen and a couple of sunsets.”
“Life is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God).”
“What I'm not sure about, is if our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time.”
“When we fail to reflect on the undercurrents of the circumstances of our life, we may have permanent misgivings about the quality of our interpretations. A lucid reading of our acts and our desires helps us to avoid tumbling into a frustrating gap between what we expect and what others expect. (“Alors, tout a basculé”)”
“There was a time when I used to feel hurt by you. But now I just feel detached with you, your words and even your love. Now you can’t hurt me.”
“Positive vibes radiate with every stride; moments of life become a magical storyline when you take the stance of dance”
“I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot. I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.”
“Hope is never constant. It will come and go. But a hopeful person will figure out a way to be hopeful again.”
“I hope you choose kindness. Even when others are being cruel. When someone asks you to give them your heart all warm and full of trust, and they give you something makeshift and full of barbed wire in return: be kind. Some people need to feel your heart wrap around them more than you know.”
“Sing your life; any fool can think of words that rhyme.”
“Your simplicity is your aura.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“People who keep stiff upper lips find that it's damn hard to smile.”
“I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”
“Real life is messy, inconsistent, and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved. It's taken me a long time to realize that.”
“If you press grapes, wine will pour out; if you crush roses, perfume will pour out; if you afflict the talented, genius will pour out.”
“Man can tame animals, however daring they may be. This is the beauty of intelligence. The only difference between a human being and an animal.”
“Dear Daughter, Every situation presents a free learning opportunity. Do not miss it.”
“The things that stress me out haven't changed. But I don't wanna lose anything. So I thought that at least I would change. I'm lucky that I'm afraid of losing something.”
“There's no solution to life, there's going to be problems no matter what.”
“Leadership is all about the transformation of people’s lives.”
“The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.”
“He was mastered by the sheer surging of life, the tidal wave of being, the perfect joy of each separate muscle, joint, and sinew in that it was everything that was not death, that it was aglow and rampant, expressing itself in movement, flying exultantly under the stars.”
“Remember that you are only alive now. This is the only moment you have. Embrace it.”
“If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you, If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too; If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, Or being lied about, don't deal in lies, Or being hated, don't give way to hating, And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise If you can dream - and not make dreams your master; If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim; If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster And treat those two impostors just the same; If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken, And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools If you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss, And lose, and start again at your beginnings And never breathe a word about your loss; If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew To serve your turn long after they are gone, And so hold on when there is nothing in you Except the will which says to them: 'Hold on!' If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch, If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you, If all men count with you, but none too much; If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds' worth of distance run, Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!”
“karma is given, not to those who ask, but to those who ask of nothing.”
“Life is such a subject that even life will fall short to understand”
“She just smiled, said that she loved books more than anything, and started telling him excitedly what each of the ones in her lap was about. And Ove realised that he wanted to hear her talking about the things she loved for the rest of his life.”
“Forgive, even when it is hard. The more you learn to forgive, the easier it will always be.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light right where you are because you are a daughter of light.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Dig, then dig a little deeper; refusing to stop until things become real.”
“Worry is the only CURRENCY that steals your total dependence on God, it is the transaction that leaves you in a debt called DEFEAT; it is the broken wall that keeps you defenseless against your enemies.”
“Elevate the dance, evolve with its stance, execute it with all that you feel within, each movement as though a synergy with heartbeats.”
“Faith is a decision not to focus on your scars but on the finished works of the Messiah.”
“You will find it possible to forgive when you realize that forgiveness is a remedy for yourself.”
“The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.”
“The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.”
“In the beginning the Poets and Philosophers taught the world to see. Then after that any form of education was no longer free.”
“One of the few good things about modern times: If you die horribly on television, you will not have died in vain. You will have entertained us.”
“As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.”
“She told me that you get to have only one true love, and once you've found it, whether you kept it or lost it, you'd never recover Accepting that was the hardest part.”
“Cultivating holistic wealth helps us to be mentally tough and to have grit to weather the inevitable storms and setbacks that life brings.”
“Great leaders do not create problems; they solve them.”
“Plastic Painting He smiled as he looked at the studio in the outer hall, each of these paintings she painted here, enjoying very much observing them immersed in the colors. Her spiritual intelligence is high, as every other plastic artist, he holds the paint brush, and does things, lines and colors, he does not know what he is doing, or what he wants, he only paints, his hand and mind are just a tool, and something else inside him moves it. At the end, their paintings are sold at the most expensive price. She once told him, the reason for the distinction of fine art is that the painter paints with his soul, not with his hands. And every time she grabbed her brush and started doing things on the canvas, he felt her telling the story of his life, he just always did things, he did not know why and what would result be, but he just wanted to do them. His motto when things come down is, go with the wind, let it take you where it wants to go. He stood before a mediocre painting, a bridge suspended in the sky, punctuated by chaotic colors, a bit of haphazard smoke, and what seemed to be flying leaves. When she painted this painting, she stood in front of it for a whole day, she almost went crazy, the painting was complete but something was missing in it. In the end, it was this deficiency that relieved her of finding it, a red dot in the lower-left corner of the painting! It fell right under what appeared to be a leaf. That is crazy, it was actually completed by it!”
“I have so much to share with the world, please be patient and you will get everything you are currently waiting for.”
“The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.”
“You take people, you put them on a journey, you give them peril, you find out who they really are.”
“But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.”
“Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we're living right now.”
“End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take.”
“Wanting him to come back before anyone notices part of the world has not moved since he left.”
“How do you control your mind? How do you find a middle between truth and delusion? It may interest you that if you go too far on truth, you may get disappointed in God, in your life, in any beliefs, and even in your mother that gave birth to you. But what if you go too far on delusion?" He stopped and made a thoughtful face. Precop continued, "If you go too far on delusion, you will go crazy and find the darkest hell inside of your inner mind, provided by your own mind. I've been there, trust me. It is so dark that till now I am not sure if you're real or I am just talking to myself.”
“Life can be demanding, and it is more demanding when you are the one always helping others, yet no one comes through when you go through hard times.”
“Build yourself a life or a career where you can afford to sleep peaceful at night.”
“Most of the bad things happening started as a joke. Then It was game over. Think about this every time when you are busy laughing at the foolish things , you should be reprimanding, because tomorrow you will be crying about the very same things you are laughing at now.”
“Your eyes met mine; and they made it whole, Without touching your body; I hugged your soul.”
“The road to success is paved with doubters and haters.”
“I think we'll get hurt a lot in this life, but maybe it's worth it because sometimes we will experience really amazing things, too. Maybe not everything will end in hurt. But we'll never know if we don't try.”
“Life is spectacular. Forget the dark things. Take a drink and let time wash them away to where ever time washes away to.”
“In the year 2025, the best men don't run for president, they run for their lives. . . .”
“Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference. Don't allow the phone to interrupt important moments. It's there for your convenience, not the callers. Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river. Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't major in minor things. Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. Don't spread yourself too thin. Learn to say no politely and quickly. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Don't waste time grieving over past mistakes Learn from them and move on. Every person needs to have their moment in the sun, when they raise their arms in victory, knowing that on this day, at his hour, they were at their very best. Get your priorities straight. No one ever said on his death bed, 'Gee, if I'd only spent more time at the office'. Give people a second chance, but not a third. Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying peace, health and love. Learn to listen. Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly. Leave everything a little better than you found it. Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation. Loosen up. Relax. Except for rare life and death matters, nothing is as important as it first seems. Never cut what can be untied. Never overestimate your power to change others. Never underestimate your power to change yourself. Remember that overnight success usually takes about fifteen years. Remember that winners do what losers don't want to do. Seek opportunity, not security. A boat in harbor is safe, but in time its bottom will rot out. Spend less time worrying who's right, more time deciding what's right. Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. The importance of winning is not what we get from it, but what we become because of it. When facing a difficult task, act as though it's impossible to fail.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Don't let life stand in the way of your dreams, your health and wellbeing.”
“Ominous though the night bring fright, Disastrous though the day might strike. Hand on chest, with spine unbent, Reformer walks as ray of right.”
“Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.”
“Forgiveness is about revealing the love, compassion and power of God within.”
“I love you. I hate you. I like you. I hate you. I love you. I think you’re stupid. I think you’re a loser. I think you’re wonderful. I want to be with you. I don’t want to be with you. I would never date you. I hate you. I love you…..I think the madness started the moment we met and you shook my hand. Did you have a disease or something?”
“Sometimes life happens so fast, it feels like a blip on a tv screen. You know something was there, but you don't know what it was.”
“There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.”
“When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.”
“It is beneficial not to harbour grudges in your heart.”
“If you can endure the process and look back with a clear thought process, you will realize that some of life's best lessons came from a place where you were rejected.”
“When people are just drifting along the tides of life and can’t see the shores of reality anymore, they may experience someday the irresistible desire for a liberating burst, emerging deeply from the inner self and disentangling them from their manufactured pattern. That day might be a day of all possibilities and make them ready to hit the ground running. ("A change of vision" )”
“If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.”
“There's a fine line between deserving and just desserts.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Instructions for living a life. Pay attention. Be astonished. Tell about it.”
“What were you before you met me?" "I think I was drowning" "And what are you now?" "Water”
“Everyone wanted to believe that endless love was possible. She'd believed in it once too, back when she was eighteen. But she knew that love was messy, just like life. It took turns that people couldn't foresee or even understand, leaving a long trail of regret in its wake. And almost always, those regrets led to the kinds of what if questions that could never be answered.”
“Life is meant to realize your true Self in the Higher Consciousness of God and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“The purpose of education is to help us dive below the surface to reveal rarely glimpsed roots of wisdom.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”
“A happier, healthier you starts when you decide to forgive.”
“It wasn’t weapons that kept people obedient, despite what Motti, what Krennic, what Tarkin himself believed. Weapons riled people up, reminded them that they could fight. It was bureaucratic mediocrity that made them accept their fate. Show a man a blaster, and he looked for a way to take it for himself and turn it on you. Tell a man he can fight in court, and nine times out of ten he’ll disappear just to avoid the tediousness.”
“I do not love men: I love what devours them.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.”
“When I was a kid I loved wall paper it added a lot of fiber to my paint chips.”
“He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.”
“Spirituality is about being your true self.”
“This was what life was supposed to be, I thought, full of strange, previously unknown thrills, and unfamiliar pleasures. It was supposed to be always new; new and a little dangerous.”
“It's easy to look back and see it, and it's easy to give the advice. But the sad fact is, most people don't look beneath the surface until it's too late.”
“Happiness and success are not the same.”
“It's important to enjoy every summer of our life because we are left with one less summer every year.”
“If someone told me that I could live my life again free of depression provided I was willing to give up the gifts depression has given me--the depth of awareness, the expanded consciousness, the increased sensitivity, the awareness of limitation, the tenderness of love, the meaning of friendship, the apreciation of life, the joy of a passionate heart--I would say, 'This is a Faustian bargain! Give me my depressions. Let the darkness descend. But do not take away the gifts that depression, with the help of some unseen hand, has dredged up from the deep ocean of my soul and strewn along the shores of my life. I can endure darkness if I must; but I cannot lie without these gifts. I cannot live without my soul.' (p. 188)”
“Coz Black is Beautiful!”
“Faith is a decision to put aside what you think you know and pay attention to the God who knows what you do not know.”
“The irony of being a good person is that you understand a bad person very well.”
“You dream of a new world to come, a new world to be birthed, a new dream to be dreamt. In the dream, a flower grows, a lotus from which the creator and the creation will unfold. From which light will begin to shine upon this vast dark sea, unveiling all the magic sleeping within. From this flower, infinite worlds and universes will be born. Each will contain a seed of light. And these seeds will light the heavens for all to guide their journeys by.”
“Beauty is a whore, I like money better.”
“Be like the sun, fuel this dance with warmth. Lock your feet to the beat; step after step, so many steps, excitement spreading beneath, connecting you to a higher entity.”
“Style is the answer to everything. A fresh way to approach a dull or dangerous thing To do a dull thing with style is preferable to doing a dangerous thing without it To do a dangerous thing with style is what I call art Bullfighting can be an art Boxing can be an art Loving can be an art Opening a can of sardines can be an art Not many have style Not many can keep style I have seen dogs with more style than men, although not many dogs have style. Cats have it with abundance. When Hemingway put his brains to the wall with a shotgun, that was style. Or sometimes people give you style Joan of Arc had style John the Baptist Jesus Socrates Caesar García Lorca. I have met men in jail with style. I have met more men in jail with style than men out of jail. Style is the difference, a way of doing, a way of being done. Six herons standing quietly in a pool of water, or you, naked, walking out of the bathroom without seeing me.”
“All paths are present, always  and we can but choose among them.”
“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”
“If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you'll spend your life completely wasting your time. You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don't like doing, which is stupid.”
“Remember never to text and drive, it's bad grammar, even if you have a deadline. You might cross the line and dead may be your destination. Think about it!!”
“Sometimes in life, a sudden situation, a moment in time, alters your whole life, forever changes the road ahead.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.”
“When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do? . . . Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.”
“We all wish a fearless and safe life. And that’s our human right, regardless of where we come from.”
“What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
“Don't let your luggage define your travels, each life unravels differently.”
“The person may have a scar, but it also means they have a story”
“If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.”
“Trees make me believe that we can also renew and reshape our lives, no matter what we face in life.”
“Sometimes the more you do good, the more tragedies you will experience in life, but you can sleep well at night knowing you have done your best to help others.”
“Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.”
“In life, you must always be your own hero so that you will be able to accomplish more than you are .”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“A comedian's life is truly a comedy in itself. The majority cannot take themselves seriously.”
“When you stay too long in a place, you forget just how big and expanse the world is. You get no sense of the length of those longitudes and latitudes”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”
“This world is not for the weak. If you're not strong enough to endure the darkness and blood that awaits, you will crumble bit by bit. You must decide if this world is worth sacrificing everything for.”
“There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.”
“If you base your worth on other people's opinion of you, you will be worth little or nothing by the time you encounter your first critic.”
“She certainly seemed to have a life, not just an existence. She seemed happy. It must be possible, then.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.”
“The mistakes I've made are dead to me. But I can't take back the things I never did.”
“The details that are life's special pattern, like how in handwoven rugs what really makes them unique are the tiny flaws in the stitching, little gaps and jumps and stutters that can never be reproduced. so many things become beautiful when you really look.”
“Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can.”
“You'll forget it when you're dead, and so will I. When I'm dead, I'm going to forget everything–and I advise you to do the same.”
“A man is just not the body where he lives but rather a man is where his thoughts live. We as humans over time start to live within ourselves and our thoughts.”
“Tears are words the heart can't express”
“Excuse me for asking, sir, but are we expecting trouble?" "Always, Captain," Tarkin said, without levity.”
“I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely.”
“Man starts over again everyday, in spite of all he knows, against all he knows.”
“But I have my life, I’m living it. It’s twisted, exhausting, uncertain, and full of guilt, but nonetheless, there’s something there.”
“chaos in her eyes Sitting with Christine, thinking about the chaos in her eyes, his emotional chaos, plotting to lure her out for a weekend of love, he wished in a chaotic, physical logic,” I wish I could count the number of causes and their probabilities that affect your feelings about me and that will determine what kind of answer I get if I ask you out for a date.” -What? What is that you just said? (An internal voice). By knowing the causes and the probabilities of the order in which they occur, you predict emotions Is that possible? Can we treat human emotions like the weather? Are there sensors to measure our emotions across time points in our history from which we can predict our future actions and their impact on us and others? Is there a computer with enormous capacity that can collect, analyze, and predict them? Do human emotions fall within this randomness? Throughout their history, physicists have rejected the idea of a relationship between human emotions and the surrounding world. Emotions are incomprehensible, they cannot be expected, what cannot be expected cannot be measured, what cannot be measured cannot be formulated into equations, and what cannot be formulated into equations, screw it, reject it, get rid of it, it is not part of this world. These ideas were acceptable to physicists in the past before we knew that we can control the effect of randomness to some extent through control sciences, and predict it by collecting a huge amount of data through special sensors and analyzing it. What affects when a plane arrives? Wind speed and direction? Our motors compensate for this unwanted turbulence. A lightning strike could destroy it? Our lightning rods control this disturbance and neutralize its danger. Running out of fuel? We have fuel meter indicators. Engine failure? We have alternative solutions for an emergency landing. All fall under the category of control sciences, But what about the basic building blocks of an airplane model during its flight? Humans themselves! A passenger suddenly felt dizzy, and felt ill, did the pilot decide to change his destination to the nearest airport? Another angry person caused a commotion, did he cause the flight to be canceled? Our emotions are part of this world, affect it, and can be affected by, interact with. Since we can predict chaos if we have the tools to collect, measure, and analyze it, and since we can neutralize its harmful effects through control science, thus, we can certainly do the same to human emotions as we do with weather and everything else that we have been able to predict and neutralize its undesirable effect. But would we get the desired results? nobody knows… -“Not today, not today, Robert”, he spoke to himself. – If you can’t do it today, you can’t do it for a lifetime, all you have to do now is simply to ask her out and let her chaos of feelings take you wherever she wants. Unconsciously, about to make the request, his phone rang, the caller being his mother and the destination being Tel Aviv. Standing next to Sheikh Ruslan at the building door, this wall fascinated him. -The universe worked in some parts of its paint even to the point of entropy, which it broke, so it painted a very beautiful painting, signed by its greatest law, randomness. If Van Gogh was here, he would not have a nicer one. Sheikh Ruslan knocked on the door, they heard the sound of footsteps behind him, someone opened a small window from it, as soon as he saw the Sheikh until he closed it immediately, then there was a rattle in the stillness of the alley, iron locks opening. Here Robert booked a front-row seat for the night with the absurd, illogic and subconscious.”
“The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?”
“To join the others was to care, and to care was to live and to suffer.”
“It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.”
“If you live each day as it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right”
“For a day, just for one day, Talk about that which disturbs no one And bring some peace into your Beautiful eyes.”
“Songs and smells will bring you back to a moment in time more than anything else. It's amazing how much can be conjured with a few notes of a song or a solitary whiff of a room. A song you didn't even pay attention to at the time, a place that you didn't even know had a particular smell. I wonder what will someday bring back Dex and our few months together. Maybe the sound of Dido's voice. Maybe the scent of the Aveda shampoo I've been using all summer.”
“Just promise me you'll stop every once in a while and acknowledge the day, honey. It's the only one you'll have until tomorrow.”
“A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!”
“If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”
“You made me confess the fears that I have. But I will tell you also what I do not fear. I do not fear to be alone or to be spurned for another or to leave whatever I have to leave. And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even a great mistake, a lifelong mistake and perhaps as long as eternity too.”
“Life as I see it resembles much of a game, one that can't be won only played. So play your game, the one only you can play. Be present in every experience and aware of every moment, as it is being recorded in the book of life.”
“The world has enough women who know how to be smart. It needs women who are willing to be simple. The world has enough women who know how to be brilliant. It needs some who will be brave. The world has enough women who are popular. It needs more who are pure. We need women, and men, too, who would rather be morally right than socially correct.”
“Hang on! God will be thy strength in any act of your pursuit.”
“Forgiveness is the bravery you depict to avoid the slavery of hatred.”
“Regrets are about decisions that you know you should have done different.”
“Authentic leadership is an opportunity that allows leaders to contribute effectively to the lives of their followers.”
“A heart assured of its purpose will have the honor to admit when it is wrong, the courage to examine the reason for its faith and the strength to recover from the pain of any wrong it has done. And it will possess the greatest power known to both God and man; the power to forgive “AND” most certainly forget. A heart such as this shall always have the voice to answer life.”
“Leaders can only be entrusted with leading if they earn the trust of their followers.”
“Along the path of life you will see dark shadows, very tempting, very beautiful shadows, but do not be fooled by them, pass by the shadows and keep walking on your path, leave them behind!”
“Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love. I like to work, read, learn, and understand life.”
“Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.”
“Let others lead small lives, but not you.. Let others argue over small things, but not you.. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you.. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.”
“To anyone who has ever set a goal, worked towards it, endured through it, and eventually saw it come to pass; no matter how big or small  I salute you, and congratulations. Whatever you are facing now, remember that you still have it in you to succeed and achieve a new goal again. Just set a goal, focus on One Thing at a Time, commit & work towards it, achieve, and repeat.”
“Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life" won’t last forever.”
“Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?”
“No other person will ever treat you or respect you Better than yourself. The way you carry yourself sets the standard for others to do the same.”
“God will empower you to do great things when you keep trusting in Him.”
“One of the advantages to getting older, though: while you might not change all that much, you at least got to know yourself. The real you, minus the bullshit and wishful thinking.”
“Life is a temporary trip through this world, so do not live as if you are a permanent resident.”
“Life is a bowl of blueberries, sometimes you have to sort out the sour ones.”
“Being genuinely cared for by someone makes you so fearless.”
“A rose, no matter how beautiful, still has to contend with thorns.”
“You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.”
“You were born with potential. You were born with goodness and trust. You were born with ideals and dreams. You were born with greatness. You were born with wings. You are not meant for crawling, so don't. You have wings. Learn to use them and fly.”
“Life is a divine play, it's non-purposive. Just enjoy the stage and its characters.”
“Life is always fair, both to those who are unfair and to those who are fair.”
“Sometimes, you must keep quiet and watch God answer for you. Do not hold a grudge. Be strong enough to forgive others.”
“Uncomplicate it. Don’t make excuses. Some of life’s biggest heartaches come from missed opportunities and lame excuses. Don’t miss out on what could be the best chapter in your life because you’re too busy rereading the last one.”
“Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious.”
“Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.”
“I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.”
“In the jungle some animals are given certain gifts and abilities to survive. As humans we have special gifts and abilities to help us survive in this worldly jungle.”
“For any country to be successful, the leader needs to work on collective success rather than self-enrichment.”
“What's left unsaid may mean more than what's said.”
“Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depths of some devine despair Rise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.”
“I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.”
“You Don't need anyone to live a full life, You just need to find yourself!”
“I don't spend a lot of time asking "WHY?" Instead I focus on what I should do now or how I should react." (p.180)”
“Diamonds are always found in mud, thus if you want to shine like a diamond, you should start brushing off the muds in your life.”
“I live in my own little world. But its ok, they know me here.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Letting him go There is a particular kind of suffering to be experienced when you love something greater than yourself. A tender sacrifice. Like the pained silence felt in the lost song of a mermaid; or the bent and broken feet of a dancing ballerina. It is in every considered step I am taking in the opposite direction of you.”
“Do yourself a favour and forgive!”
“I should have learned this, she thought. I wanted to learn fire, and pain, but I should have learned people.”
“Water is such a lifesaver into which we cannot breathe but without taking it into us we cannot live”
“Money is money, after all. But we don’t see it that way. Depending on how we get it, we treat it differently. Money is not naked; it is wrapped in an emotional shroud.”
“Selling my soul would be a lot easier if I could just find it.”
“… "That at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what´s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That´s the world´s greatest lie." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Respecting requests, rules and privacy is a universal law. You break that basic etiquette 101, you're seriously flawed.”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“That which allows the flow of winds, to its rhythm descends the rain, starts yet lasts beyond melodies play. It is a dance of heartbeats, it is a dance of countless journeys. It is a dance of life's spiritual escape.”
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”
“Sometimes it's like all the problems of life gather in one night and swoop down on you! On that day, you must be stronger than you have ever been in your life; stand firm like a rock! Only a very strong rock can fend off a very strong wave!”
“Those who are made can be unmade.”
“Contrary to what you may assume, I am not a pessimist but an indifferentist- that is, I don't make the mistake of thinking that the  cosmos  gives a damn one way or the other about the especial wants and ultimate welfare of mosquitoes, rats, lice, dogs, men, horses, pterodactyls, trees, fungi, dodos, or other forms of biological energy.”
“Better to be a small man and stay with people you like near the girl you love than a transferred giant, yes?”
“Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart.”
“The place of true healing is a fierce place. It's a giant place. it's a place of monstrous beauty and endless dark and glimmering light.”
“Our lives are blank canvases on which we paint our choices. There is no right or wrong; the colors just change, and if your painting turns out to be excessively dark, don't be discouraged. There are those who are drawn to the darkness.”
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”
“O holy Sunday, let your darkness not come along my way. Let her nurture internal and external world, as I start my personal day.”
“If you have to choose between caring too much and not caring, then choose over caring because that's not bad guilt to have.”
“Forgive yourself. You are not flawless and will sometimes fail, but you are not a failure. Yet, failing to forgive yourself can make you feel like a failure.”
“We were characters out of a movie. We were thoroughly alive. And we were absolutely beautiful.”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“If you are constantly faced with closed and locked doors in life, maybe life wants you to develop a locksmith skill!”
“All crowns come from "once upon a pain".”
“Jealousy says, “Compete with each other.” Envy says, “Destroy each other.” Empathy says, “Help each other.” Love says, “Empower each other.”
“Today is the very busy day of the year as I am working really hard to create some rules for the new year, not for the reason that I follow, just because I love breaking rules!”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved.”
“Leadership is an arduous task. It requires hard work and a high level of commitment from those who lead. Better yet, a transformational leader will always find better ways to simplify things in order to make an impact.”
“Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!”
“People are supposed to care. It's good that people mean something to you, that you miss people when they're gone.”
“Forgiveness is when you refuse to allow your past to be a constant reminder of the pain you once endured.”
“No matter how big you think you are, you are just a little spark.”
“Your mind shines brightest when you enlighten others; your heart, when you encourage others; your soul, when you elevate others; and your life, when you empower others.”
“Life is a delicate dance between holding on and letting go, finding balance in the ever-changing rhythms of existence.”
“I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.”
“Just so you know, love is possible for us too. We've witnessed the pain life left at our doors. It entered unwelcome, decided never to leave. Hope held us together , even when everything fell apart. You knew it was out there waiting to be found. I just want you to know, that love is possible for us too. You will find love in time.”
“Feeling lonely even after being in a relationship is a sign that everything is not going well in the relationship.”
“Fear? What has a man to do with fear? Chance rules our lives, and the future is all unknown. Best live as we may, from day to day.”
“Leaders should not only be interested in initiating new projects to solve old problems. They should look into what was done in the past so they can replicate what works and come up with better solutions for what did not work.”
“I’d spent so much of the past seven years living my life in a blur, trying to cram as much as humanly possible into a day. I’d missed out on so much in the process, like having dear girlfriends. It wasn’t until you knew something was about to end that you realized how fortunate you were to have had it in the first place.”
“But things change, people change, Gaby. Otherwise what would be the point of living?”
“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”
“The bad you see in others is nothing but a reflection of your poor vision.”
“If you are trying to intervene in someone's life, you must leave yours. Your mind can't be present in two bodies.”
“Your hula hoop will continue to spin successfully, when you unconditionally stay true to your emotional, mental and self-care needs first.”
“Some will feel as if they owe you no apology, forgive them nonetheless. Remember, it is not about how they feel; it is about how you feel when you forgive.”
“It’s too bad if a heart lacks fire, and is deprived of the light of a heart ablaze. The day on which you are without passionate love is the most wasted day of your life.”
“As you live your life in this world, some burdens may be too much to bear. Sometimes those you expect to have your back will stab you in the back, but when you trust the God who is just and fair, you will find the courage to rise beyond the moments of despair.”
“Successful leaders do not invest in personal materials. They invest in the lives of their followers, because they understand that when everyone succeeds, it makes their leadership a success.”
“A Change in life will not always be the Best, but a try to take a Chance for a Better life will be never a Loss in our Life.”
“You will never understand someone's pain if you haven't lived their life.”
“The deepest wounds aren't the ones we get from other people hurting us. They are the wounds we give ourselves when we hurt other people.”
“ Inventory: "Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe. Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt. Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne. Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
“This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.”
“There are a million rules for being a girl. There are a million things you have to do to get through each day. High school has things that can trip you up, ruin you, people say one thing and mean another, and you have to know all the rules, you have to know what you can and can't do.”
“That small step of yours, can create a big impact in your life!”
“Life is a game. Fools play, and the wise watch.”
“Nobody wants to be here and nobody wants to leave.”
“Classify your friends into groups. Classify them per their roles in your life. It will save you from investing in the wrong people.”
“Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.”
“I wish you to know that it is you alone who can make yourself seen, heard, respected & loved… No one else! What I am trying to tell you is this: The best way to “make others treat you the way you want to be treated” is to treat & conduct yourself very carefully. Sweetheart, you can’t behave like a jerk or scum all the time, snub others & talk in anger or negative language with people, manipulate them & want them to respect you, love you & admire you. How is it going to happen? Darling listen – I want you to watch your manners, behaviours, words & doings very carefully, keep your promises & prioritise your own health, mental wellbeing & life purposes over everything else. I want you to start dressing well, begin to smile more during every interaction & start showing your competence & capabilities in every engagement. All the successful people & celebrities know this & this is how they live everyday. Let you also begin to bring out your own star qualities for all to admire. I mean identify what you are good at & start giving it breath, time, space & life, more than anything else… Visit my website, if you wish to know more about the blueprint to instruct others how to engage with us. Keep going! I am rooting for your success, your good health, happiness, healing & peace. Stay Incredibly Blessed!”
“Life was not easy, nor was it happy, but she did not expect life to be easy, and, if it was not happy, that was woman's lot. It was a man's world, and she accepted it as such. The man owned the property, and the woman managed it. The man took credit for the management, and the woman praised his cleverness. The man roared like a bull when a splinter was in his finger, and the woman muffled the moans of childbirth, lest she disturb him. Men were rough of speech and often drunk. Women ignored the lapses of speech and put the drunkards to bed without bitter words. Men were rude and outspoken, women were always kind, gracious and forgiving.”
“Everyone feels empty at some point, but we can fill the emptiness in our life. We can always fill up our empty life.”
“It's startling to realize how narrowly we avoid, or miss, living radically different lives.”
“You should base everything on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears and feel with your own heart. Period. Always believe what you KNOW about a person, not what you HEAR.”
“We lead our lives like water flowing down a hill, going more or less in one direction until we splash into something that forces us to find a new course.”
“Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.”
“Forgiveness is not lip service. It is a constant effort to provide good service to your heart by getting rid of toxins caused by grudges.”
“Everyone has a version of what happened. Each of them is true. None of them is complete.”
“The vast majority of your life will be boring and not noteworthy, and that’s okay.”
“Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.”
“The planet is here for our delight, but it is also here for us to change, to make it the best it can be. It's not just about sleeping and fucking and getting the right dress. Let's HOPE not.”
“I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.”
“We live in a world where everything tends to get oversold, then all too often under-delivers. I’d prefer to be known for the opposite.”
“So it is that there is nothing to be taught, but yet there is something to be learned.”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“It doesn't take long for life to screw everything up. Don't be proud.”
“Being interesting isn't important. But being happy is. As well as being a person you're proud of”
“It is part of the human nature always to judge others very severely and,when the wind turns against us,always to find an excuse for our own misdeeds,or to blame someone else for our mistakes.”
“Dear Daughter, In this life, you will only get one shot at things, so make the most of it.”
“Footsteps find a reason to exist as they imitate the winds, moving with the intensity of a hurricane when arrives the blessing of dance.”
“The last time I ever saw Jeff alive, he gave me a gift - an hourglass. And it took over two decades later for the symbolism to finally dawn on me: an hourglass, gifted from a young man with one foot planted in the next world. His time was running out. Even the hourglass he gifted me appeared to have been stolen - I imagine from the desktop of one of the school classrooms he was hired to clean. Not borrowed time but stolen.”
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”
“Life may not seem fair, but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“You haven't been loved well, until you've been loved just for sake of loving. Love is such a generous force. Being friends with opposite sex isn't always easy, but so very necessary for all of us, because at the end of the day we are all just humans in need of affection and care. And we are in need of caring, as much as being cared for. It is so very liberating to be in state of platonic, yet, nonetheless deep and honest love. It is compassion personified. The reason why I even mention opposite sex, is because, as a woman I truly value and enjoy company of great men. And it is often hard to allow men to be men, in sense of - their right to self expression, their right to be affectionate and protective and to embody all of those essential traits that make for a decent human being, without attaching a hidden agenda to their gestures of kindness and goodwill. Men, too, like to be of service. Men, too, like to be generous and kind - and God knows they are not only capable but also darn great at it. That's all there is to it, really. It is regrettable that often women don't feel safe in presence of men. Not so say that all men are the same, but truthfully, not all women are the same, either. I think, when we heal as a collective, this gap will no longer require bridging. I am, certainly, hoping for it. Friendship is the greatest gift we can gift to each others. But first, come acknowledgment and allowing ourselves to express our better nature without romanticizing or vilifying it. Love is meant for us all, no exceptions.”
“Feeling lost, crazy and desperate belongs to a good life as much as optimism, certainty and reason.”
“You can’t really yell at your boyfriend for stealing your seat and your best friend. You also can’t yell at your best friend for stealing your boyfriend. Or you can…but Hi seemed like a much easier way to start the morning.”
“Pleasure often has a way of tempting you with more but always leaves you with less.”
“The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence”
“It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.”
“In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.”
“no, no, it's not all random, if it really was all random, the universe would abandon us completely. and the universe doesn't. it takes care of its most fragile creations in ways we can't see. like with parents who adore you blindly. and a big sister who feels guilty for being human over you. and a little gravelly-voiced kid whose friends have left him over you. and even a pink-haired girl who carries your picture in her wallet. maybe it is a lottery, but the universe makes it all even out in the end. the universe takes care of all its birds.”
“To me, at least in retrospect, the really interesting question is why dullness proves to be such a powerful impediment to attention. Why we recoil from the dull. Maybe it’s because dullness is intrinsically painful; maybe that’s where phrases like ‘deadly dull’ or ‘excruciatingly dull’ come from. But there might be more to it. Maybe dullness is associated with psychic pain because something that’s dull or opaque fails to provide enough stimulation to distract people from some other, deeper type of pain that is always there, if only in an ambient, low-level way, and which most of us spend nearly all our time and energy trying to distract ourselves from feeling, or at least from feeling directly or with our full attention. Admittedly, the whole thing’s pretty confusing, and hard to talk about abstractly…but surely something must lie behind not just Muzak in dull or tedious places any more but now also actual TV in waiting rooms, supermarkets’ checkouts, airport gates, SUVs’ backseats. Walkman, iPods, BlackBerries, cell phones that attach to your head. This terror of silence with nothing diverting to do. I can’t think anyone really believes that today’s so-called ‘information society’ is just about information. Everyone knows it’s about something else, way down.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“The only thing you have to do in this life is die," said Mrs. Pinsky "everything else is a choice.”
“All the natural movements of the soul are controlled by laws analogous to those of physical gravity. Grace is the only exception. Grace fills empty spaces, but it can only enter where there is a void to receive it, and it is grace itself which makes this void. The imagination is continually at work filling up all the fissures through which grace might pass.”
“Find your daily joy!”
“It’s the storms of life that make us strong, and as with all dark nights, sometimes we just have to hang on in there. Doggedly. The dawn will always come. The light will always win. And the fire, in nature, is all powerful.”
“A no from someone is the way to a yes for something better in your life.”
“People are waves. They come and they go. And no two waves are alike.”
“One unfortunate event can change the course of your life forever.”
“Don't be afraid to make mistakes. But if you do, make new ones. Life is too short to make the wrong choice twice.”
“I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art.”
“I want a life that sizzles and pops and makes me laugh out loud. And I don't want to get to the end, or to tomorrow, even, and realize that my life is a collection of meetings and pop cans and errands and receipts and dirty dishes. I want to eat cold tangerines and sing out loud in the car with the windows open and wear pink shoes and stay up all night laughing and paint my walls the exact color of the sky right now. I want to sleep hard on clean white sheets and throw parties and eat ripe tomatoes and read books so good they make me jump up and down, and I want my everyday to make God belly laugh, glad that he gave life to someone who loves the gift.”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“People will bring trash to you if you are an open container”.”
“Unavoidable pain for inevitable gain is supporting the preparation of the soul to love another in completeness of mind, body and heart by acknowledging that its process of transformation will not be unmarked by thorns.”
“Home isn't where your hat lands, but where your heart does.”
“True awareness demands questioning the trends, refusing to conform, and embracing the power of individuality, while also acknowledging that those who choose to conform may often attract attention at times. It is up to you to chose which path your willing to sacrifice for!”
“We are taught from the time we are born about how to behave, how to look and how to act. Comply and do not question! The path is already set for you, as long as you stay on it you will make it.”
“A realist is a man of action, because he does not dwell too much on reason when the results or the end will not satisfy the means. It is the reality that matters most.”
“Focus on building character, not on building a false image.”
“When I bring my lunch from home, I save both money and calories”
“I learned long ago to never be disappointed by people. Especially politicians.”
“Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.”
“A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.”
“You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.”
“Take time daily to reflect on how much you have. It may not be all that you want but remember someone somewhere is dreaming to have what you have.”
“Don’t wait to be comfortable, or else you’ll get comfortable waiting.”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success ”
“You’re frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.”
“You just have to go after what you want and if it doesn't want you back then so be it; it doesn't deserve you anyways.”
“Remember the names of your ancestors in memory. Walk as if every tree you pass through in the mountain is a reliquary of their being, a safekeeping for life.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit”
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you, place them on the floor and use them as stepping stones to where you want to go.”
“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”
“Being in a relationship with someone meant compromise. You gave up things you wanted because your partner needed you to. I’d seen my parents do it for each other for years. What he’d been trying to tell me, and what I saw now, was that there were some things you couldn’t compromise on. The things that were part of you, that made up who you were, had to be appreciated by the people who claimed to love you. Otherwise, they were just trying to make you what they were. That’s not love. That’s colonialism.”
“Dear Daughter, The beauty of the stars is visible in the night. So, when you are in the dark, do not forget to shine.”
“The world changes, we do not, therein lies the irony that kills us.”
“The only way to survive eternity is to be able to appreciate each moment.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“For the actor, everything seems real; whether it is in acting or by carrying out his daily tasks.”
“I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God.”
“Life without God is like the flower that never blooms, the stream that never flows, the sun that never shines, a kiss that never touches, a word that's never spoken, a smile that's never given, a mountain without a peak, the rain without the drops, the wind without the breeze; a life without God is living without life.”
“Health is the foundation of all human judgments, That’s why first thing we ask anyone during meeting is; How are you?”
“Deception  It follows us everywhere, slowly devouring our peace and sanity. It creates a wall between us preventing me from reaching you no matter how much I want to.”
“It frightens me, the awful truth, of how sweet life can be ”
“There's no need to wait for the bad things and bullshit to be over. Change now. Love now. Live now. Don't wait for people to give you permission to live, because they won't.”
“Art is the reason I get up in the morning, but the definition ends there. It doesn't seem fair that I'm living for something I can't even define.”
“Dear Daughter, If you are searching for serenity, think positively.”
“Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.”
“When I accepted rejection, I realized how easy it is to be ok with some people not liking you. It's not a shame.”
“Life has no friend, my friend. Treat it well.”
“The absence of meaning in life is the absence of life.”
“I realized that everything we saw in each other was everything we couldn't see in ourselves. All those good parts. All those loving parts. All those beautiful parts”
“Finding God in our joy is much harder than finding Him in our pain.”
“She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at this age, to tell her he had pitied her for years.”
“For some, life may be a playground to undermine the brainwaves of others or simply a vainglorious game with an armory of theatrics, illustrating only bleak self-deception, haughty narcissism and dim deficiency in empathy. ("Another empty room")”
“Don't own so much clutter that you will be relieved to see your house catch fire.”
“We are on strike, we, the men of the mind. We are on strike against self-immolation. We are on strike against the creed of unearned rewards and unrewarded duties. We are on strike against the dogma that the pursuit of one's happiness is evil. We are on strike against the doctrine that life is guilt.”
“Tristan was silent for a few moments, looking at the leaves before them. "Life isn't about the past and the future. It's about today." He paused. "It's about five minutes from now and two seconds ago. It's moments, you know? Not years. Years aren't what define us.”
“When forever becomes a place when forever ceases to be just a word… when it ceases to be just a measurement of time…but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts  that is a reflection of true love.”
“WHO THE HELL'S AT THE DOOR? When you are young your favourite time for sex are often first thing in the morning or last thing at night,but as you get older your body clock changes.You can't function in the morning until you have had breakfast and at night you are so tired at the end of a long day that you just want to go to sleep.On your agenda,sex comes somewhere below running a marathon or wrestling an alligator.”
“And there it was. He knew it, and I knew it. There was nothing left for me to do. Do you know how hard it is to say nothing ? When every atom of you strains to do the opposite? I just tried to be, tried to absorb the man I loved through osmosis, tried to imprint what I had left of him on myself. I did not speak ”
“Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.”
“You will not learn to truly live until you have died several times”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance all are equals.”
“Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.”
“Once in a while, you have to be self-centred and forgive yourself.”
“Non aver fretta, la vita non scappa via.”
“Happiness is in your heart; you must decide to be dragged into it!”
“Have a serious talk with your mind and teach it to tell the heart to forgive.”
“When someone you TRUST is revealed as your SABOTAGE, you can then understand the purpose of JUDAS ISCARIOT in the company of the 12 and the Kingdom of the Master.”
“There comes a time when something changes you  No matter the impact  Where the world no longer beats in time with you. You no longer feel amongst the fray.. And the feeling of loneliness is a brandished armor you wear the rest of your life.”
“When a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.”
“I asked the master, what is life? He said to me: Sometimes you collect fallen leaves for hours, and then an unexpected strong wind blows and all the leaves fall apart, you go back to the beginning and you start collecting leaves again, that's life!”
“Dear Daughter, Work on your mental strength so you will not be hurt easily.”
“Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed, and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and now.”
“I tried to contain myself  but I escaped!”
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”
“I thought your heart was just mine. Sadly it belongs to somebody else too.”
“This is how the entire course of a life can be changed: by doing nothing.”
“There are no crazy ideas, only those that not ventured.”
“There was quite a lot of competitiveness about it, with everybody wanting to beat not only cancer itself, but also the other people in the room. Like, I realize that this is irrational, but when they tell you that you have, say, a 20 percent chance of living five years, the math kicks in and you figure that’s one in five . . . so you look around and think, as any healthy person would: I gotta outlast four of these bastards.”
“It would destroy the very meaning of a family unit if everyone with their separate ways over fleeting feelings of anger or impatience.”
“Friendship is not supposed to hurt.”
“No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride and if it occasionally gets a little heavier than what you had in mind, well maybe chalk it up to forced consciousness expansion: Tune in, freak out, get beaten.”
“Life lived in the absence of the psychedelic experience that primordial shamanism is based on is life trivialized, life denied, life enslaved to the ego.”
“Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.”
“EARLY BIRD Oh, if you’re a bird, be an early bird And catch the worm for your breakfast plate. If you’re a bird, be an early early bird-- But if you’re a worm, sleep late.”
“Dear Daughter, It is easy to make your mark if you know who you are.”
“Every grain of sands has an intricate role to play in this marvelous masterpiece called life. Nothing is random, respect all happenings.”
“People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.”
“Life will pass right by you,” she says, her eyes focused on the road. “And you end up missing the little things, the moments you don’t think matter—but they do. Moments that make you forget about everything else. Just like with your writing,” she adds out of nowhere. “You don’t write to get to the end. You write because you enjoy doing it. You write and don’t want it to end. Does that make some sense?”
“One day you will be the one called Master (Naruto). You'll be the one to treat others to ramen. We can't stay kids forever." - Shikamaru Nara (Naruto)”
“When you take the right decision, it may not bring you a good fate because life changes so quickly that the right decision you made turns into a wrong decision even minutes later! The secret of a beautiful destiny is not only to make the right decision, but to make new right decisions as soon as the circumstances change!”
“Any leadership that undermines the youth will never enjoy the privilege of bright and vibrant minds.”
“Dear Daughter, When you strive for excellence, people will see how brilliant you are. Therefore, go out there, excel and become the best.”
“Dear Daughter, Show others your benevolence and do so with excellence. When you excel, your light will shine brightly in this world.”
“We are left torpid by the classroom. Stripped of the holy dignity given by the finger of God. Never to rise to the mere potential of greatness as promised in holy writ and seen in the lives of fervent believers. Only because we believe man not God.”
“You can find the desired freedom in what you aspire to become as your life is the result of the accumulated choices you made.”
“The one who opts to forgive will never be bitter but will emerge a victor.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“there's no clarity. there was never meant to be clarity.”
“Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.”
“Plant your dreams and watch them grow each day!”
“I suffer from life and from other people. I can’t look at reality face to face. Even the sun discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten and lost, with no connection to anything real or useful — only then do I find myself and feel comforted.”
“Life doesn’t give you what you want. Life gives you what you fight for.”
“Leaders should lead as if they were born for leadership and nothing else because effective leadership leads to magnificent results.”
“What is the truth, but a disguised lie! His slogan, which he has always worked with; as it has no meaning in this world, rather it does not exist, everything is relative, so what is for me an irrefutable truth may be for others just an illusion. Each sees from his angle and according to the amount of data that his mind receives from the surrounding environment, and the result that the mentality deduced from linking and analyzing these data, is the truth then. What if we have the ability to manipulate the data? Then the truth becomes in our hands as a piece of dough, we shape it as we like, and sometimes, out of the perfection of the lie, when the truth appears, no one believes it. If the truth suits the desires and orientations of the mind, then it becomes your help to its owner, a loyal and obedient soldier in your hands, and whenever you whip it with many details, it decides to ignore them, and under pressure it will fill the gaps with the invented story on his own occurred. Good suspicion, misunderstanding, complicated matter, forgetfulness, trust, are all tools and justifications to bridge these gaps, then it realizes that its salvation from this torment is by believing the generalities of what it sees, and the conclusion, the final, is the truth. But before confronting Satan with its greatest weapon, you must first whip your mind, have it at your command, then you will be able to weave the greatest truth, not subject to criticism, nor denial from the angle that the victim sees.”
“I have lived long enough to understand that life is not about them or I but us. And living is definitely about me.”
“God remains the same, regardless of the circumstances around you. Trust in Him. He is reliable at all times.”
“Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of Liberty.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“I only felt at peace by turning all my dreams into visions. It was then that I faced the realities of the universe.”
“The quiet regrowth of a forest, fertilized only by its own burnt flesh, is what I think of when I think of survival. When we are able to look death in the face and prosper because of it, and not just despite it, we prove that to live is to contradict.”
“When life is bitter, death is sweet.”
“Dear Daughter, Even on the darkest night, the brightest stars continue to shine. Therefore, shine bright wherever you are.”
“Roads Go Ever On Roads go ever ever on, Over rock and under tree, By caves where never sun has shone, By streams that never find the sea; Over snow by winter sown, And through the merry flowers of June, Over grass and over stone, And under mountains in the moon. Roads go ever ever on, Under cloud and under star. Yet feet that wandering have gone Turn at last to home afar. Eyes that fire and sword have seen, And horror in the halls of stone Look at last on meadows green, And trees and hills they long have known. The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way, Where many paths and errands meet. The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with weary feet, Until it joins some larger way, Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say. The Road goes ever on and on Out from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone. Let others follow, if they can! Let them a journey new begin. But I at last with weary feet Will turn towards the lighted inn, My evening-rest and sleep to meet.”
“Believe me. No matter how bad things are today, they’ll be far better tomorrow. — Namiya General Store”
“sometimes the best achievement in life is to be alive”
“My formula for life is very simple: in the morning, wake up; at night, go to sleep. In between I try and occupy myself as best I can.”
“It's the journey that matters, soak it in. Learn lessons out of it. Impact positively so that if you never get to your destination, at least you'd leave a legacy to be remembered.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground. It is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Be your own armor, Be your motivator. Your are the tide of impossible light, You are your carburetor.”
“Figure out how you wanna die, life will take care of itself.”
“Every wish is an unfulfilled desire.”
“May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.”
“You destroy your peace by loving the wrong person.”
“I don't think anyone ever gets over anything in life; they merely get used to it.”
“In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.”
“I thought that if I owned nothing, had nothing, was nothing, I would have nothing left to lose, and I wouldn't be scared anymore. Because my whole life I’ve been so damn scared. Scared to live because I was scared to die. But at the same I was so scared of living, so I wanted to die. Or maybe so scared of dying that I refused to live. You don't have to be afraid to fall, when you're already on the ground. You don't have to be scared to lose someone, when there's no one around to lose.”
“What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys? I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes.”
“That's all the freedom we can hope for - the freedom to choose our prison.”
“Life gives us a flair of awareness in the breeze of our daily journey and offers a free reign to explore what we are, to experience what we are not and to find out what we may become: a free ride until everything melts down into the indistinct and indefinite, while walking up to the ultimate gate of non-existence. ("Living on probation")”
“Get away from these two types of people: the ones who think you can only go as far as the situation you were born into; and the ones who think you can only go as far as the current situation you are in.”
“Arranged marriage is compared to death by some people. Simply because it's always painful to die when you still have unfinished business, just as it is to get married when you have no idea of your significant partner.”
“If you have ever come up against Nothing you have no idea how it can scare you out of your wits. When I was a child I used to be afraid of Something in the dark. I know now that the most fearful thing about the dark is that we may find Nothing in it.”
“Go outside, life in storage fades ”
“Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!”
“It is impossible to rebuild the lost trust without any effort.”
“If you remember only bad and not any good, then the problem is with you.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“When it comes to life, you've two options; Live it or Leave it.”
“Sometimes the weak will last for years, while the strong will suddenly collapse and die.”
“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”
“I don't want to do anything. I don't even want to start this day because then I'll just be expected to finish it.”
“One of the best life lessons I have learned is that our habits have the power to alter mindset for better or for worse. If your daily habits are not helping you grow as a person, they are only hindering you. ”
“Mindfulness benefits our physical and mental health; therefore, we should practice it. Being mindful is living for the moment and making the best of it through awareness of our thoughts, people, and environment. It can bring various physical, psychological, and social benefits to help you on your life journey. Change your focus and gain a grand vision while achieving prosperity one moment at a time.”
“Earth Existence in a 3rd density world: A Veil of Virtual Reality.”
“The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye until we meet again”
“It may takes days to suffer,but it takes only one day to die”
“Forgiveness will enable you to release anything that is hindering you from accessing your blessings.”
“You are not here to suffer in the dreams of others, Embrace your present and value your passion, If not you then who can be the best version of yourself, Stop! Think! Raise! Evolve! and live the way your soul wants to be!”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.”
“Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.”
“Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.”
“I’m speaking of the pursuit of excellence in all things. All things! Presence of mind and devotion to craft. A great artist has these. A great chef. A great master of tea. There’s powerful kung fu in a well-built house or an eloquent letter, but the limit of your imagination is bones breaking and bullets flying.”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“I think one can tell a lot about a person from the way he chooses to let the stub of his cigarette burn out ”
“Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. It is up to you to give [life] a meaning.”
“Isn't it strange that I know you'd risk your life to save mine, but I don't even know what your favorite color is?”
“Early Morning Walks & the first flush of Winter Sunshine. It's incredibly difficult to wake up in the mornings of cold and cozy winter days, but somehow if you manage to get up and ask your mind to take a walk in the woods, the sunshine and warmth that catches your soul is breathtakingly beautiful, beyond beautiful. Each time a cold breeze touches you by while your heart is pulsating from the walk, you feel a Smile of calm widening in each and every breath of your bones, and when you catch a glimpse of the Morning Sun, and let the rays embrace your core, you know it was all worth it, the waking up and the walking on, so much worth it all. And then you Smile knowing, isn't the walk of Life exactly the same? When you wake up each day to walk a little more, to get wrapped in the warmth of Life all while cutting across the cold of Life's dark nights to find your way to the freshness of day, the Morning Sun of Life. And oh boy, it's just so much worth it, so much worth it all. To staying alive through the wilderness of Life. Stay in your Aura! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“There comes a time in your life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it. You surround yourself with people who make you laugh. Forget the bad and focus on the good. Love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who do not. Life is too short to be anything but happy. Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.”
“We just had a near-life experience!”
“Either we live through it, and there is no cause for concern. Or we will die, in which case we will not be alive to be worried or concerned with the state of being dead.”
“A paradigm shift is a long-lasting change in the way we think about our lives. It's a shift in our perception of reality, a change in our beliefs and assumptions, and a new way of looking at the world around us.”
“Nature is subtle and complex.”
“If you haven't lived a hard life, you should get into the life stories of those who have had a hard life! Far beyond gaining wisdom and facing the truth, this is the best way to create the spark and anger in your soul to be able to change those sad truths!”
“Time ticks by; we grow older. Before we know it, too much time has passed and we've missed the chance to have had other people hurt us. To a younger me this sounded like luck; to an older me this sounds like a quiet tragedy.”
“Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.”
“Dancers are the athletes of God.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“Dear Daughter, You are a magnificent work of art. Keep that in mind.”
“We all have such fateful objects — it may be a recurrent landscape in one case, a number in another — carefully chosen by the gods to attract events of specific significance for us: here shall John always stumble; there shall Jane's heart always break.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living in borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living in borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“Alone" doesn't mean "lonely". It means being brave enough to find your own sanity through loneliness and misery.”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“If you love yourself, then you have one of the greatest psychological support for every challenge you face in life!”
“I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.”
“When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".”
“Self-consciousness is the enemy of all art, be it acting, writing, painting, or living itself, which is the greatest art of all.”
“You can try as much as you want. But some people will be in your life only for a while.”
“Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.”
“I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a “politician,” and must be destroyed. ”
“Time is not a ladder one ascends into the future but a ladder one descends into the past”
“A paradigm shift is not a small change. A small change is a minor adjustment in our behaviour or habits, while a paradigm shift is a complete overhaul of our way of thinking and acting.”
“Life isn’t what it is. It’s what it can be.”
“Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.”
“People rarely bring flowers to a suicide.”
“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”
“When leaders work hand in hand, they will be able to stand when challenges occur.”
“it always sound scarier when a hollerer talk soft.”
“Only what is below you tries to pull you down.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“It does not take courage to kill. It takes courage to live.”
“Everyone just keeps demanding what they want from us until we learn to resist and do what we want.”
“somehow respected the wounds given by you. I always kept them in my heart and never treated”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel ”
“Life is a succesion of lessons which must be lived to be understood.”
“When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.”
“Priorities change and so does people”
“Get comfortable with greatness, you have not seen anything yet. The best is yet to come”
“Leadership cannot happen unless someone is willing to lead others in the right direction.”
“Somebody imperfect to the world can be absolutely perfect for you.”
“Life is a winking light in the darkness.”
“Like a running blaze on a plain, like a flash of lightning in the clouds. We live in the flicker.”
“The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.”
“People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.”
“An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”
“If you want to be made whole, forgive and do not hold grudges.”
“Dear Daughter, Get any form of negativity out of the way, if you intend to become great.”
“Nothing going to be wasted, which you do..”
“People say video games are a waste of time, but how is a life spent for worldly success any different? When it’s game over, there is nothing to show but an old high score.”
“Acknowledge the temporary nature of existence.”
“I am an artist, my hair is rarely tamed & sometimes I sleep till noon, My house is messy and I speak to the moon. I care less about the materials that I share with my world and more about the passion inside myself. Im an artist, what more can you expect? i am full of soul, love and all the rest.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“By the way, when Oprah Winfrey is suggesting you may have overextended yourself, you need to examine your fucking life.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“Do not assume immortality.”
“I'm not crying because of you; you're not worth it. I'm crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are.”
“Sometimes life happens.”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“In my world, you don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and be against common-sense gun control — like banning public access to the kind of semiautomatic assault rifle, designed for warfare, that was used recently in a Colorado theater. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and want to shut down the Environmental Protection Agency, which ensures clean air and clean water, prevents childhood asthma, preserves biodiversity and combats climate change that could disrupt every life on the planet. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and oppose programs like Head Start that provide basic education, health and nutrition for the most disadvantaged children The term “pro-life” should be a shorthand for respect for the sanctity of life. But I will not let that label apply to people for whom sanctity for life begins at conception and ends at birth. What about the rest of life? Respect for the sanctity of life, if you believe that it begins at conception, cannot end at birth.”
“To be born means being compelled to choose an era, a place, a life. To exist here, now, means to lost the possibility of being countless other potential selves.. Yet once being born there is no turning back. And I think that's exactly why the fantasy worlds of cartoon movies so strongly represent our hopes and yearnings. They illustrate a world of lost possibilities for us.”
“How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.”
“Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why. So did he. Throughout the whole absurd life I'd lived, a dark wind had been rising toward me from somewhere deep in my future, across years that were still to come, and as it passed, this wind leveled whatever was offered to me at the time, in years no more real than the ones I was living. What did other people's deaths or a mother's love matter to me; what did his God or the lives people choose or the fate they think they elect matter to me when we're all elected by the same fate, me and billions of privileged people like him who also called themselves my brothers? Couldn't he see, couldn't he see that? Everybody was privileged. There were only privileged people. The others would all be condemned one day. And he would be condemned, too.”
“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
“Out of nowhere, one of the twins grabbed my cap while the other delivered a blow to my head. She slapped the taste right out of my mouth. I couldn’t even feel my tongue. I spun around to face my bullies. The twins had become triplets. I couldn’t remember ever trying to drink three glasses of anything and this wouldn’t be the day to try.”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Those who hate you will obviously not speak nice things about you.”
“One man gathers what another man spills”
“It's curling ribbon, but you don't have to curl it. You don't have to do everything the ribbon tells you to do. Don't live your life like that.”
“She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.”
“It is your responsibility to find fault with me, it is mine to hear you out. But don't expect me to change.”
“We’re running out of time, he said. As if time were the kind of thing you could run out of, as if it were measured into bowls that were handed to us at birth and if we ate too much or too fast or right before jumping into the water then our time would be lost, wasted, already spent. But time is beyond our finite comprehension. It’s endless, it exists outside of us; we cannot run out of it or lose track of it or find a way to hold on to it. Time goes on even when we do not.”
“Your dignity can be mocked, abused, compromised, toyed with, lowered and even badmouthed, but it can never be taken from you. You have the power today to reset your boundaries, restore your image, start fresh with renewed values and rebuild what has happened to you in the past.”
“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”
“Whatever books we read, we should always be aware because they may begin to speak to us initially and then read us gradually.”
“God will take you anywhere for a good reason in the end. Do not fear. Do not give up and do not lose focus. Trust in Him and He will make a way for you.”
“Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.”
“Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.”
“Don't lose your identity in trying to save the existence of your relationship.”
“My life will be the best illustration of all my work.”
“Leadership does not begin when one is elected to a leadership role. It begins way before that. It is not an instant event. It requires intense preparation.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Life sucks, and then you die. Yeah, I should be so lucky.”
“Nothing goes away. Not on its own. You deal with it, or it deals with you.”
“The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make. The mold of your life is in your hands to break.”
“Let them do what they want to do. Do what you must. Forgive.”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“Bringing to light what had been hidden in darkness should not overwhelm you, but EDUCATE you.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“God's love isn't given to us to change him; it's given so that we can change through him.”
“The world's a hard place, Danny. It don't care. It don't hate you and me, but it don't love us, either. Terrible things happen in the world, and they're things no one can explain. Good people die in bad, painful ways and leave the folks that love them all alone. Sometimes it seems like it's only the bad people who stay healthy and prosper. The world don't love you, but your momma does and so do I.”
“Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!”
“In a world preponderantly bestrided by inconsiderate ‎and narcissistic personages, a candid creature can be ‎deftly swindled for all intents and purposes by the ‎disingenuous crocodiles. So, always be critical of analysing ‎homo sapiens antecedent to getting acquainted owing to ‎the verity that even poisons have a sweet flavour. ‎”
“Knowledge is not only a source of power but also a tool for growth and success.”
“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“Every ounce of my cynicism is supported by historical precedent.”
“Talent is at least half luck We are lucky in our parents, teachers, experience, circumstances, friends, times, physical and mental endowment, or we are not.”
“But I think we both knew, even then, that what we had was something even more rare, and even more meaningful. I was going to be his friend, and was going to show him possibilities. And he, in turn, would become someone I could trust more than myself.”
“Sometimes, people may insult you because of what they have been through. Forgive them!”
“Some things better left unspoken”
“Leadership is the process of offering a good chance to an individual to represent others in areas where they cannot represent themselves.”
“In every experience, a lesson. In every lesson, Love.”
“Explore, but know your limits.”
“Do not fall in love with people like me. I will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth. I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave you will finally understand, why storms are named after people.”
“Life is like an onion; you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.”
“It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.”
“I should be happy, but instead I feel nothing. I feel a lot of nothing these days. I've cried a few times, but mostly I'm empty, as if whatever makes me feel and hurt and laugh and love has been surgically removed, leaving me hollowed out like a shell.”
“Trends are nothing but an idea or thought of a person or a group which is mentally imposed on your choice and strongly feeds into your brain. and force you to do something that which rules by someone. it doesn't matter if you're happy with it or not but you are following trends because your mind is controlled by others”
“Some fish love to swim upstream. Some people love to overcome challenges.”
“The most embarrassing thing in life is, You have a lot of dreams and you don't try because people say something.”
“Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.”
“At the time, my life just seemed too complete, and maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.”
“Without a purpose in life, happiness will be so difficult to be reached.”
“I wish you to know that you are not ( in fact never will be) going backwards. You cannot undo your good or bad deeds & unlearn all that you took so long to learn. Darling listen – Once you squeeze toothpaste out, you cannot put it back into the tube, whoever you may be. You can’t go back in time to reverse what you have already said or done. Be careful of it! But the good news is that everything, good & bad, even your stupidity, mistakes & failures are a part of your progress (unless it was intentional or planned wrongdoing). If you don’t get the desired success immediately, you will learn & if necessary you will learn the same lesson again. Sweetheart, you are always a product of the lessons that you’ve learned. You are what you are, perhaps more wiser, stronger & full of life today because you went through something terrible & survived a bunch of rainstorms & kept walking with humbleness. I wish & hope that you are going to be more driven than ever & be telling a different story very soon. One of victory over everything, success, healing, health, abundance, love, happiness, peace & great joy. Enjoy your journey & think of the bigger picture. Keep your intentions pure & Keep doing your best every day!”
“Espere" in Spanish, is the one word covering two meanings: "waiting" and "hoping". If life, however, offers no expectation or prospect, waiting represents time "wasted”. Waiting needs a future. If not, time is condemned to be "killed". In the event that we are lost in a gap of boredom and despair, we are driven back in a vacuum of senselessness and deadlocked in a point of nothingness. We are, so therefore, bound to watch the agony of "time". ("Waiting for a place behind the geraniums " )”
“You see," he says to the girl, "you closed your eyes. That was the difference. Sometimes you cannot believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them too - even when you're in the dark. Even when you are falling.”
“At some period of life, they had sacrificed everything for me, nothing wrong in sacrificing anything for them.”
“It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.”
“It is not easy to forgive, but it is also difficult to live with a heavy heart. As difficult as it is to forgive, you need to do it. Choose forgiveness so you can find peace.”
“Dear Daughter, Shower yourself with the best gifts. Roll out the red carpet for yourself first, because you deserve the best treatment.”
“ Every path is the right path. Everything could've been anything else.﻿ And it would have just as much meaning.”
“If your are confused! about the society, community, peoples or locality. Just silently observe how they are treating their stary animals or with other people. Who are weak in financial status or in crysis.”
“Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!”
“Your truth will never matter to those who have already declared you wrong.”
“You're on Earth. There's no cure for that.”
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“Being true to yourself is the only means to attain self-knowledge.”
“Forgiveness is letting go of any bitterness and pain caused by someone, whether or not they apologise for it.”
“Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.”
“Learning that the simple things tend to be the most profoud.”
“Some people are good at pretending that they are innocent.”
“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”
“It is not too late to turn a new page and write a good story of your life. There is more you can do if you do not keep your purpose out of sight.”
“You read and write and sing and experience, thinking that one day these things will build the character you admire to live as. You love and lose and bleed best you can, to the extreme, hoping that one day the world will read you like the poem you want to be.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.”
“Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for”
“You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!”
“Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.”
“I like the scientific spirit—the holding off, the being sure but not too sure, the willingness to surrender ideas when the evidence is against them: this is ultimately fine—it always keeps the way beyond open—always gives life, thought, affection, the whole man, a chance to try over again after a mistake—after a wrong guess.”
“KNOWING OTHERS, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE WORLD YOU ARE IN; KNOWING YOU, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE WORLD IN YOU; KNOWING THE WORLD, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE GOD IN YOU; KNOWING GOD, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE LIFE; LIFE IS MOMENTARILY OWNED BUT ETERNALLY YOURS”
“The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.”
“Faith is a unique weapon that helps you fight even the toughest battles in peace.”
“There are two things one should always question: one's reality and oneself.”
“There are people around the world who would risk their lives, who are currently risking their lives, for a tiny fraction of the opportunity you have obtained simply by virtue of having been born here and not there. You have been given a precious gift. Do not squander it.”
“I have a deeply hidden and inarticulate desire for something beyond the daily life.”
“It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains  If only one could leave this life slowly!”
“Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.”
“It's true if you love someone, You love him just the way he is, Not by changing that person's identity!”
“The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. ”
“I believe you spend your life in some kind of hiding place, and you think you're safe from danger and harm, and one of these days you'll wake up and realize that the thing you're keeping yourself from is fullness.”
“I never could bear the idea of anyone's expecting something from me. It always made me want to do just the opposite.”
“Move on. Don't dwell on it.”
“He wanted to leave the past a few hundred miles down the road, shake it off like dust. But that ws the problem with the past. It kept finding him.”
“Rational leaders make rational decisions. Leaders who are prone to making irrational decisions do injustice to the power vested upon them.”
“Life is tragic simply because the earth turns and the sun inexorably rises and sets, and one day, for each of us, the sun will go down for the last, last time. Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, the only fact we have. It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death--ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible for life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return.”
“As our body journeys through life, and life journeys on our body….life will leave marks on us too. From the creases of our wrinkles to the birthmarks on our bodies to the tattoos we decide to place.”
“Don’t try to silence other people’s genius because you’re too deaf to hear your own.”
“All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me  You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.”
“Nothing ever goes how you planned it.”
“I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“I cannot understand anti-abortion arguments that centre on the sanctity of life. As a species we've fairly comprehensively demonstrated that we don't believe in the sanctity of life. The shrugging acceptance of war, famine, epidemic, pain and life-long poverty shows us that, whatever we tell ourselves, we've made only the most feeble of efforts to really treat human life as sacred.”
“Sometimes, diverse circumstances can shift the perception of a person's reality.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“Money cover your sins.. Poverty covers your morality..”
“It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime ”
“Even in the darkest hour of the night, a star can shine. A great leader is like a star that brings forth light.”
“You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something and you need the right amount of love.”
“You start to live when you commit your life to cause higher than yourself. You must learn to depend on divine power for the fulfillment of a higher calling.”
“Energy and focus do not come with success and wealth. Success and wealth come from having energy and focus.”
“For me, life is too short, or too long, to allow myself the luxury of living it badly.”
“In the universe of atoms, friction is the norm, not the exception. It's this very opposition, this challenge, that ignites the spark of innovation. When the world seems against you, embrace that resistance. It's the sandpaper to your innovation, the very friction that shapes your destiny. Never stop pushing. Never stop dreaming. Here's to the crazy ones who use that friction to sculpt their future.”
“The splendid thing about falling apart silently  is that you can start over as many times as you like.”
“Temple is a hospital for a wounded soul, and prayers are the healing medicine.”
“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”
“We are unreasonable reasonable people. Measured of the excess. We frequent madness and chaos without quite melting into it. A hunger for life always ends up bringing us back to the light.”
“When you master the art of loving yourself and be content with your life, you have discovered your heaven.”
“Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with ”
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
“Life is, in fact, a battle. Evil is insolent and strong; beauty enchanting, but rare; goodness very apt to be weak; folly very apt to be defiant; wickedness to carry the day; imbeciles to be in great places, people of sense in small, and mankind generally unhappy. But the world as it stands is no narrow illusion, no phantasm, no evil dream of the night; we wake up to it, forever and ever; and we can neither forget it nor deny it nor dispense with it.”
“A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.”
“I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera. It's terrible.”
“Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.”
“I might say that we have paid for freedom. But I have had enough melodrama in this life, and would willingly give my five senses if they could ensure us our present peace and security. Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind of course we have on moments of depression; but there are other moments too, when time, unmeasured by the clock, runs on into eternity.”
“Life on the run was filled with dreams, some at night during sleep, real dreams, and some when the mind was awake but drifting. Most were terrifying, the nightmares of the shadows growing bolder and larger. Others were pleasant wishes of a rosy future, free of the past. These were rare, Patrick had learned. Life on the run was life in the past. There was no closure”
“Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.”
“People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!”
“Some say Karma is a bitch. It all comes back to you, eventually. If this world can be boiled down to two truths. It would be the second law of thermodynamics (entropy) and the law of action and reaction (Karma). Well, if Karma really makes up the fabric of this Universe, if it is really a bitch, then prove it in this life itself! Why wait for reincarnation? Do you think I would be me once I die and transition to another body? No! What makes me, me, are my memories.”
“It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right --especially when one is right.”
“Be uninfected, and no one can imitate you.”
“When hope is extinguished, boredom and despair set in. Therefore, it would be wise to guard against these latter attributes.”
“Look at the ocean, it just goes and goes for miles, and the waves keep tumbling in. The rain falls on the surface and doesn’t even affect it. Sure, it gets rocky, but it just keeps moving along.”
“It is not the strongest of the species that survives, not the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change.”
“Do you realize that all great literature — "Moby Dick," "Huckleberry Finn," "A Farewell to Arms," "The Scarlet Letter," "The Red Badge of Courage," "The Iliad and The Odyssey," "Crime and Punishment," the Bible, and "The Charge of the Light Brigade" — are all about what a bummer it is to be a  human being?”
“When I take my eyes off the goal, I can only see the obstacles”
“Everyone gets things wrong. To make progress, we have to acknowledge our mistakes, learn, and march forward to build a more humane world.”
“Forgiveness is the best way to disempower the enemy.”
“A joke is a very serious thing.”
“Do not despise your own place and hour. Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world.”
“I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else. Brian Sibley: Or brains even? Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind. If you're kind that's it.”
“Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.”
“You don't love yourself enough if you love someone who cheats on you.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.”
“I love death because life hates me.”
“You can play it safe, and I wouldn't blame you for it. You can continue as you've been doing, and you'll survive, but is that what you want? Is that enough?”
“You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.”
“In the essence of a human, all it needs is food, water, protected space to develop naturally, and sex to maintain evolution. Most of what the human mind does is poison its food and sewage, limit the protected space through greed, and confuse sexuality with the price of evolution.”
“Man may feel like a feeble and powerless pawn, at some moment in his life. This apprehension can come out of the blue, in the middle of the day, at the center of a public place, like a cerebral attack. Check mated by 'daily routine', he may feel trapped in a smothering set of circumstances and only a deconstruction of all impeding barriers can bring about a vital mental deliverance. ( "Check and mate" )”
“Dead people can be our heroes because they cant disappoint us later; they only improve over time, as we forget more and more about them.”
“The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.”
“I am now 33 years old, and it feels like much time has passed and is passing faster and faster every day. Day to day I have to make all sorts of choices about what is good and important and fun, and then I have to live with the forfeiture of all the other options those choices foreclose. And I'm starting to see how as time gains momentum my choices will narrow and their foreclosures multiply exponentially until I arrive at some point on some branch of all life's sumptuous branching complexity at which I am finally locked in and stuck on one path and time speeds me through stages of stasis and atrophy and decay until I go down for the third time, all struggle for naught, drowned by time. It is dreadful. But since it's my own choices that'll lock me in, it seems unavoidable--if I want to be any kind of grownup, I have to make choices and regret foreclosures and try to live with them.”
“This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too  This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.”
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”
“Knowledge without Learning is like Wisdom without Understanding, Life Without Breath.”
“It is dancing that gives you a reason to cross the divide of sadness towards smiles.”
“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”
“Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken.”
“Pierre was right when he said that one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and I now believe in it. Let the dead bury the dead, but while I'm alive, I must live and be happy.”
“I made new friends and learned new things and began to grow used to the ebb and flow of life, of old things dying and new things being born, of endings and beginnings.”
“It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty.”
“This life is futile, what really counts is to love you show to others and the happiness you share together.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“No matter how many people give me advice, I am going to do what my heart tells me to do”
“Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.”
“Prejudice is hate submerged in ignorance”
“Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.”
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”
“Never underestimate the big importance of small things”
“What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more'   Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.”
“The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”
“Don't talk of Life as if its one big package of miseries - it is the very Essence within that passes through both you, and your enemies and every permissible illusion. Once you're opened to, and are awakened to your TRUE NATURE, fireworks light up your path, irrespective whether it is a "Tariqa", or a pathless one!”
“Never let someone else dictate to you your true worth; only the weak and the small try to dim the light of others.”
“The story of Noah's Ark illustrates that only the few selected animals, as well as human beings, will ever see the gates of paradise.”
“Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.”
“Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!”
“Morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.”
“Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.”
“I choose to write because it's perfect for me. It's an escape, a place I can go to hide. It's a friend, when I feel out casted from everyone else. It's a journal, when the only story I can tell is my own. It's a book, when I need to be somewhere else. It's control, when I feel so out of control. It's healing, when everything seems pretty messed up. And it's fun, when life is just flat-out boring.”
“Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.”
“Awaken and remember who you are.”
“They fuck you up, your mum and dad. They may not mean to, but they do. They fill you with the faults they had And add some extra, just for you. But they were fucked up in their turn By fools in old-style hats and coats, Who half the time were soppy stern And half at one another's throats.”
“We try to be perfect to meet other people's expectations. But making good choices--I think that's on us. We do good because we see value in good.”
“I believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes. If you worry, the bad thing doesn't hit you as hard. You can roll with the punch if you see it coming.”
“Take advantage of it now, while you are young, and suffer all you can, because these things don't last your whole life.”
“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”
“I am sinner, I am saint. I am the beloved and the betrayed. I have no joys that are not yours, no aches which are not yours. I too call myself I.”
“The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.”
“Let go of everything that was meant to destroy you – forgive.”
“These eyes  hypnotize!”
“Treat people as an end, and never as a means to an end”
“Watching my back is the perfect opportunity to stick a knife in it.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Life is to be enjoyed, not endured”
“All I feel are the assaults of apprehension and terror at the thought that I am the only one who is entirely unlike the rest. It is almost impossible for me to converse with other people. What should I talk about, how should I say it? - I don't know.”
“Noble men innovate Common men imitate Ignoble men annihilate”
“Those who rest when they need to work will work when they need to rest. Do your bit when it is most rewarding.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass  get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Powerful leaders do not allow power to corrupt the good in them. They allow power to fuel them to do the correct thing.”
“Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.”
“The Earth is a testing ground for every one of us including the most prominent and of the most eminent ones. A place where we find duality in everything including how we see it and how it actually is in reality. Similarly, the duality concept is in people you see and meet who are either good, bad, or people who have two faces, one that they show and one that they are within. One is the duality of the personalities we veil through ourselves and another is the duality of the soul within. Whether are you a soul having fire within or are you a soul having light within and whichever you feed the most becomes your abode within and hereafter. You are both, your heaven and hell, fire and light, and finally, love or hate within. And our creator wants us to purify ourselves of the fire within and become light by being on the side of truth within and outside, righteousness within and outside, and pious within and outside, and finally sincere within and outside. Creator loves the one who has one tongue, one thing which is in the heart and which is on the tongue. The thing you are within is outside and the thing outside is within so you become successful. Like Rocky has said: “The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It is a very mean and nasty place and it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't how hard you hit; it's about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward." The matter is not that you have truth with you but the question is are you truthful?!. The truth will only set you free when you are truthful within yourself.”
“It's not just about sharing happy moments. It's about surviving the tough times together.”
“It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious.”
“Life is magical, but you will never realize that magic around people who constantly pull you down.”
“Even in this rich-ass neighborhood, I suspect we’re all pretty much fucked.”
“Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done.”
“In contravention of my belief that any life ending in death is essentially pointless, I needed my friends to open up that plastic bag and take one last look at me. Someone had to remember me, if only for a few more minutes in the vast silent waiting room of time.”
“The wisdom of the ancients decays with time.”
“Yes, to heal the pain, We must feel it.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Unfollow your heart if your heart is not following Allah.”
“In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance, you must be absolutely certain that they have replied "I love you back" and not "I love your back" before you continue the conversation.”
“You won't lag behind, because you'll have the speed. You'll pass the whole gang and you'll soon take the lead. Wherever you fly, you'll be best of the best. Wherever you go, you will top all the rest. Except when you don't. Because, sometimes, you won't.”
“Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.”
“Love on today even if it stutters”
“Life is choosing whom and what you love. Everything else follows.”
“Forgiveness does not mean you subscribe to foolishness. It simply means you aspire to live a life of freedom and peacefulness.”
“Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“In Self-improvement, Everyone will have varying degrees of ability for their capabilities, and everyone has a passion for doing something they love in life. You must set your goals and develop a plan to pursue them one step at a time. Positive habits will always bring prosperity, no matter how slow you go.”
“I loved the love and i still love of it, because it's a light break in endless darkness, the lake that awaits you on the desert, the rose that cannot wither, the warm nest of birds. Love, between hello and goodbye we never are alone.”
“It's wrong to take out your anger on others when you are angry with yourself.”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“All knowledge is worth having.”
“Life seems sometimes like nothing more than a series of losses, from beginning to end. That's the given. How you respond to those losses, what you make of what's left, that's the part you have to make up as you go.”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“Listen to the cry of a woman in labor at the hour of giving birth — look at the dying man’s struggle at his last extremity, and then tell me whether something that begins and ends thus could be intended for enjoyment.”
“Forgiveness is taking your inner peace very seriously, to a point where you are ready to let go of what steals your peace.”
“She took my morning with her. My day begins in the afternoon, and it’s always hazy.”
“Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content”
“The stubborn outwit the humility of patience while the gentle outbrings the perfections of wisdom”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your ‘A’ game.”
“Leonard asks me if there's anything I need to know before he dies, I think about it for a minute, turn to him, say what's the meaning of life, Leonard? He laughs, says that's an easy one, my son, it's whatever you want it to be.”
“Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.”
“In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn't creak.”
“What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.”
“End. How could I call it an end when there was no finite point. We were in a place beyond time with endless skies. And well, we fell. Feeling like a flightless bird trying to reach high. Tired, to know how this ended. But we shall start from the beginning. When you saw red after you fell from heaven in a world where people had stopped believing. Mistreated caring. Hungry for power. Flashed with greed. Lost their sense of humanity. The beginning was better than this.”
“Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.”
“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
“A sensible person will choose communication over silence to solve relationship issues.”
“Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.”
“Nostalgia in reverse, the longing for yet another strange land, grew especially strong in spring.”
“1.	In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”
“It's very hurtful too see yourself getting replaced in the life of someone who promised to never replace you.”
“We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything. - Julian Blackthorn”
“The friends you make in college are friends you'll have for life, even if you don't talk for years at a time.”
“Faith is a gauge that measures how much you trust God. It is also a pump that fuels you up to trust Him more.”
“Casting aside other things, hold to the precious few; and besides bear in mind that every man lives only the present, which is an indivisible point, and that all the rest of his life is either past or is uncertain. Brief is man's life and small the nook of the earth where he lives; brief, too, is the longest posthumous fame, buoyed only by a succession of poor human beings who will very soon die and who know little of themselves, much less of someone who died long ago.”
“Life is the farce we are all forced to endure.”
“Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people that they don't like.”
“See, the poor dream all their lives of getting enough to eat and looking like the rich. And what do the rich dream of?? Losing weight and looking like the poor.”
“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“World you won the war against a man but lost the war against his ideology, he is still alive with different names in many faces”
“The mistake of every young person is to think they're the only ones who see darkness and hardship in the world."   "The mistake of every adult, though, is to think darkness and hardship aren't important to young people because we'll grow out of it. Who cares if we will? Life is happening to us now, just like it's happening to you.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you Do your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) - "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”
“The most important day in your life is the day when you come to realize who you really are.”
“Life is for certain an educational, magical, mysterious process- a privilege of our birthright and a gift.”
“Sacrifice is necessary if you want to move forward or improve your life.”
“Always remember that your goals require dedication”
“COMING FORTH INTO THE LIGHT I was born the day I thought: What is? What was? And What if? I was transformed the day My ego shattered, And all the superficial, material Things that mattered To me before, Suddenly ceased To matter. I really came into being The day I no longer cared about What the world thought of me, Only on my thoughts for Changing the world.”
“To stay sane, you need to forgive the same way Christ did.”
“Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.”
“I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.”
“Be busy with your free life.”
“It seemed an important lesson for a young person. It wasn't only the angry people that should make one wary. The jolly ones could be even more dangerous.”
“For me, you walked to edge of death, but chose to live," he said. "You refused to stay in a sad dream, even for a promise of love. When you saved yourself, you saved me.”
“Maybe God created the desert so that man could appreciate the date trees”
“Sometimes distance was easier than acting, or explaining.”
“I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it”
“Whatever experience you go through is necessary for you to know exactly how things are.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about self-enrichment but the enrichment of the lives of your followers.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“We don't have to do everything in order to be everything”
“There are people who hate you based on untrue thoughts they have about you in their minds.”
“Either you love someone totally or you don't. There's no in-between.”
“You aren't becoming wise if you are not learning to understand the people in your life.”
“Even death, faced with the option of death or life, she would choose life.”
“There is no other way to have a happy life than to forgive those who hurt you in the past.”
“Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism.”
“When leaders put more effort into changing lives, they will succeed because successful leadership is all about transformation.”
“The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.”
“-Do you sleep well? -Yes, if I sleep, I do not wake up until after my body needs sleep, but the problem lies in reaching the stage of sleep. As soon as I put my body to bed, bouts of terror and fear begin. -Fear of what? -From losing consciousness, for my senses to stop, and I lose my sense of time, and the world around me, it becomes like I am nothing, the world around me moves, things change, and I do not know anything about them, this idea makes me crazy, to the point of crying, then I fall asleep or faint Perhaps, out of concern. He was silent for a moment, then added: I wish this world were without sleep, but my mind, my body, needs it, but I see no need for it. His last psychological evaluation session was over. The doctor approached him and began removing the polygraph sensors from his body. Now he has to wait for his final result. Until that time, many places on the island of Malta are worth a visit, especially accompanied by a beautiful Ukrainian girl like Katrina. So far from Adana, and back in time on the imaginary timeline. But for Baibars, everything happens in one moment.”
“Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.”
“When we set out on the path, we always have a fairly clear idea of what we hope to find. Women are generally seeking their Soul Mate, and men looking for Power. Neither party is really interested in learning. They simply want to reach the thing they have set as their goal.”
“Some people do respect but don't support you and some people support you but don't respect you." -Aron Micko H.B”
“If you let someone disrespect you, you don't respect yourself.”
“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world  ”
“The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.”
“I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.”
“Forgiveness happens when those who know they have been forgiven by God can easily forgive others.”
“Life is a matter of shared liberty.”
“Blessed are those whose breaths are faithful to the art of dance.”
“The Devils have walked with me across many regions.”
“Never give up. Things that you keep dreaming about will happen one day.”
“True leadership is seen when things are tough because only tough leaders can handle tough times.”
“Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.”
“Real life is only ever just real life. Messy. What it means depends on how you look at it. The only thing you’ve got to do is find a way to live there.”
“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”
“I have learned that when you make big decisions, life says, 'Fuck you. This is what you actually have in store.”
“Like a shepherd and sheep, its principle is simple, redirection towards the obligatory path, and speaking of Ozcan, he is the most proficient in this game. Watch the professionals do it in the reorientation of functional organizations. There is no need to recruit them all, it is enough for them to do what a shepherd does with a flock of sheep; blocking the roads in front of them, putting a dog in one place, standing and waving his stick in another place, to force them to take the path he wants, towards the barn. And if you spoke to one of them, it would swear to you that it is going the way it wants, which it chose with its full will, or chosen for them by their leader at the forefront of the herd, who knows the secrets of the ways, believing that they go the way they want. He decided that he should play the game according to its laws since they are sheep, so do not try to address them or convince them, but rather direct them to where you want. He did not know anything about deterministic algorithms at the time, his decision was based on his innate, something inside him. He succeeded, however, by making a butterfly flutter, far away. Some straying out of the Shepherd’s path, then another artificial flutter associated with the first to accelerate the process, and then a third, and a fourth, then the chaos ensued, and the hurricanes blew up all the inevitable of Alpha Headquarters. A butterfly fluttered where no one was watching, he studied and planned it carefully. Words by a revolutionary Palestinian poet, Mahmoud Darwish, summarized the whole story… Throw a stone into the stagnant water, rivers will break out Ring your bells in the kingdom of silence and sing your anthem And let the wall of fear break into dust like pottery”
“A life isn't measured in hours and minutes. It's the quality, not the length.”
“Traditional education is designed to empower the stupid.”
“Dear Daughter, You are in no way obligated to let anyone define you. Maintain an accurate definition of yourself.”
“I thought of neither the future or the past; I lived only in the present."- Madonna in A Fur Coat”
“Good and evil come from the same thread, from God himself. I guess you believe He's the creator of everything. This means that nothing can be outside of His power or creation.”
“It's hard at times, but it makes a kid strong in ways that most people can't understand. Teaches them that even though people are left behind, new ones will inevitable take their place; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer. It makes a kid grow up fast.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.”
“The path is paved with consistent, conscious mental and spiritual alertness and the gradual growth of goodness in our heart and clarity in our mind. We are awake. If we keep trying to understand, we will understand. If we keep telling ourselves that we are loved by Life and if we keep looking for evidence of that love, we will find it.”
“Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?”
“I wake up, I feel the inescapable oppression of the sunlight pouring through my bedroom window, and I am struck by the fact that I am alone. And that everyone is alone. And that everything I understood seven hours ago has already changed, and that I have to learn everything again.”
“If you're starting to take seriously a mysterious voice inside you that says you have to do something more difficult and more important than your simple life of making money, eating, drinking and being happy, then you are on the right path, my friend!”
“There is no thing as a single-issue struggle because we do not live single-issue lives.”
“I think revenge is the wrong way to make an equal issue, but ignoring and tolerance are the right way to win the full issue .”
“Life is like a maze, a complex syntax and is much more than a sophisticated algorithm.”
“People just read about time management and think about time management but execution is a completely different experience that I can't describe in words”
“To be called wrong without being heard is a victory.”
“If you are good, people will criticize you. If you are bad, people will criticize you. If you are both good and bad, people will still criticize you. Therefore, don’t waste your life trying to please anyone.”
“It is a very funny thing that the sleepier you are, the longer you take about getting to bed.”
“Nobody is so busy that they can't make time for the people they really care about.”
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.”
“The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we’d like to be. And that sucks. But when you’re confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.”
“1. Do what you say you're gonna do 2. Show up! 3. Give genuine praise whenever you can 4. Never say sorry when you don't mean it 5. Never use sarcasm in email (and use the corny ass emoticons)”
“My father taught me well  I'm still learning most of the lessons.”
“Unexpected intrusions of beauty. This is what life is.”
“Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.”
“Robert again faced the sky. “That is a children’s dream, Marian. We are old enough that we must think of realities.” “The reality is that I have no place, excepting I carve out one alone.”
“For the most part, we are the determinate factor for the consequences of our life. The belief others should add importance and statute to our life is infantile and a sign of weakness. The strong create meaning and purpose for themselves.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“We strive for harmony, but it is not always realized.”
“In every way that counted, I was dead. Inside somewhere maybe I was screaming and weeping and howling like an animal, but that was another person deep inside, another person who had no access to the lips and face and mouth and head, so on the surface I just shrugged and smile and kept moving. If I could have physically passed away, just let it all go, like that, without doing anything, stepped out of life as easily as walking through a door I would have done. But I was going to sleep at night and waking in the morning, disappointed to be there and resigned to existence.”
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
“She laughed for her wasted, difficult life that never had to be wasted or difficult in the first place.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave. Or so she'd thought.”
“If it so happens that it rains so badly in life, do not feel ashamed when you get wet. Life is like that. You cannot control everything that happens. There will be moments when you feel completely broken. Hang in there; do not allow the pain to make you feel helpless. One day, you will ride on the wings of greatness.”
“The next time you start regretting something you did, something you said, that life-changing choice you made—please remember that you did the best you could. You made the decision you felt was best for you at the time. And even though the outcome you desired turned into something completely different; maybe you were always meant to be exactly where you are right now. Maybe that relationship was supposed to end, even though you didn’t want it to. Maybe some things fall apart so that something else more beautiful can come together. Maybe even though it doesn’t feel like it right now, this—this small yet giant, mighty yet magic little moment—was always where you were supposed to end up. So don’t wistfully wish for what could have been. You did the best you could, the best way you knew how. You were meant to be here.”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent ”
“Life is a gift. Don't take it for granted.”
“The most important thing in your life is learning how to be your true self.”
“Your life becomes so peaceful when your anger for the people who hurt you turns into sympathy for them.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Autobiography begins with a sense of being alone. It is an orphan form.”
“Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!”
“Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.”
“A good Marriage is always a subtle for a single dime”
“When you live life as a competiton, decisions may be rooted in fear. When you love life as it comes, decisions are based on ethos and the pursuit of happiness.”
“The louder the dogs bark the less a lion feels threatened.”
“Great leaders are ordinary men and women who refuse to settle for mediocrity, because their aim is to lead their followers to greatness.”
“If I had a camera,' I said, 'I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life.”
“The purpose of life is to live; as long as one can.”
“Life is an alliance between light and dark colors, having an attractive force towards the light ones is our purpose in this life because when we reach it we understand why life is beautiful”
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”
“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
“An angel who makes you cry is better than a devil who makes you smile.”
“Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.”
“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”
“You don't dwell on what you've lost, you just move on."-Allison”
“Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.”
“The way you hate me is the motivation for me to strive for my betterment & advancement so that I love you the most in the way that flow as compensatory enthusiasm within my blood.”
“Life is not about the absence of trials. They will somehow show up even if we did not commit any crime. The presence of trials helps us stand the test of time.”
“To have everything one wishes for never satisfies oneself - it is the thought of having just enough of everything that leads to happiness without having anything.”
“Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”
“Accidents don't happen to people who take accidents as a personal insult.”
“Fear's useless. Either something bad happens or it doesn't: If it doesn't, you've wasted time being afraid, and if it does, you've wasted time that you could have spent sharpening your weapons.”
“Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.”
“Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“You become really thirsty ,when there is no water to drink.”
“I began to wonder why i should struggle to stay alive, when i did not want to live. It was getting dark again, and i was alone on the moor.”
“Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.”
“In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.”
“Dear Daughter, The sooner you come to terms with the fact that you are unique, the more content you will be with being yourself.”
“I'm not scared of your bullet because it cannot kill my soul, but you must be scared of my eyes because they have the ability to win both your heart and soul.”
“We’d grown up in the same environment, went to the same schools, and had about the same intelligence, I figured. She’d always been a ruthless, angry, mean person, but at thirteen, she’d started doing stupid crap that led to more stupid crap and more stupid crap and more stupid crap until she was buried under so much crap, she could never find her way out of it. You couldn’t expect anyone to take care of you better than you could take care of you.”
“The man who believes that the secrets of the world are forever hidden lives in mystery and fear. Superstition will drag him down. The rain will erode the deeds of his life. But that man who sets himself the task of singling out the thread of order from the tapestry will by the decision alone have taken charge of the world and it is only by such taking charge that he will effect a way to dictate the terms of his own fate.”
“Relationships is not a game of amateurs is what people say.. But they begin to foster between amateurs and become a reason to make them matured grown-ups!”
“So, what if, instead of thinking about solving you whole life, you just think about adding additional good things. One at a time. Just let your pile of good things grow.”
“There is no wrong answer in the world, it's just a matter of timing.”
“I'm not saying it's going to be easy. Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it. After all, you only have one life, so you should try to make the most of it.”
“The only thing standing between you and a simpler life is the willingness to change.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes the best solution is to be silent, especially when you do not know what to do all by yourself.”
“sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“You can be a shining light for others with your positive attitude. Your passion for something can be contagious and resonate with others and get them fired up to achieve the same results. Consistently demonstrate your confidence with determination, and it will help bring back faith for those who lost it. Sometimes we must lead by example, and that's how people get inspired with hope, and where hope grows, faith is present.”
“Only fiction can lend scope for the full play of life”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“Bright perfection wore on the nerves after a while, and Solanji relaxed into the soothing absence of expectation.”
“He shook his head, just looking at me. - "What?" I asked. - "Nothing" he said. - "Why are you looking at me like that?" Augustus half smiled. "Because you`re beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence." A brief awkward silence ensued. Augustus plowed through: "I mean, particularly given that, as you so deliciously pointed out, all of this will end in oblivion and everything." I kind of scoffed or sighed or exhaled in a way that was vaguely coughy and then said, "I`m not beau-" - "You are like a millennial Natalie Portman. Like V for Vendetta Natalie Portman." - "Never seen it." - "Really?" he asked. "Pixie-haired gorgeous girl dislikes authority and can`t help but fall for a boy she knows is trouble. It`s your autobiography, so far as I can tell." His every syllable flirted. Honestly, he kind of turned me on. I didn`t even know that guys could turn me on - not, like, in real life.”
“After dinner or lunch or whatever it was -- with my crazy 12-hour night I was no longer sure what was what -- I said, "Look, baby, I'm sorry, but don't you realize that this job is driving me crazy? Look, let's give it up. Let's just lay around and make love and take walks and talk a little. Let's go to the zoo. Let's look at animals. Let's drive down and look at the ocean. It's only 45 minutes. Let's play games in the arcades. Let's go to the races, the Art Museum, the boxing matches. Let's have friends. Let's laugh. This kind of life like everybody else's kind of life: it's killing us.”
“You'd think, 'What if I make a mistake today, I'll regret it'. I don’t believe in regret, I feel everything leads us to where we are and we have to just jump forward, mean well, commit and just see what happens.”
“Life goes on. Get over it. You're still young. It'll get better. Blah, Blah, Blah”
“As you go on with your life, always remember the things that are good in you. They're your gifts. As long as you have these things, you'll find happiness, and you'll make the people around you happy.”
“The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.”
“Do not desire to attain God, but desire to be one with Him.”
“The enemy will always use people to push his mandate. Therefore, make it your mandate to forgive them. Some people can hurt you under the influence of the evil one, not because they are necessarily evil. The enemy will attack you sometimes using people you least expect. Hence, you should always be forgiving, because some people are just ignorant messengers of the enemy.”
“The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“In the metaverse, the truth will be essential to our existence.”
“Letting go is better than languishing in sorrow because you are hurt by people who are not even sorry. Forgive them and let them go.”
“That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.”
“How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.”
“The power of God is with you at all times; through the activities of mind, senses, breathing, and emotions; and is constantly doing all the work using you as a mere instrument.”
“there isn't enough of anything as long as we live. But at intervals a sweetness appears and, given a chance prevails.”
“The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.”
“You must see what He sees. Not the view of the mortal, but a glorious world washed clean in magical light and dazzling with colour. You must copy in miniature the world He has drawn. One where everything is carefully chosen, the profusion of nature simplified, men and women incomparably beautiful, everything as precious and perfect as He willed them to be . The artist is closest of all to the Creator.”
“There wasn't a lot of bullshit in my heaven.”
“I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.”
“Where you come from is gone, where you thought you were going to was never there, and where you are is no good unless you can get away from it. Where is there a place for you to be? No place  Nothing outside you can give you any place  In yourself right now is all the place you've got.”
“Get Off The Scale! You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance. Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life. It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!”
“Troubled I tried to gamble It is true that pride is the hardest thing to swallow.”
“I am convinced that most people do not grow up We marry and dare to have children and call that growing up. I think what we do is mostly grow old. We carry accumulation of years in our bodies, and on our faces, but generally our real selves, the children inside, are innocent and shy as magnolias.”
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.”
“You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight.”
“Life is a dream from which we all must wake before we can dream again.”
“Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice." [ Stanford University commencement speech , 2005]”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives; focus on the positives.”
“It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.”
“If you understand that life is a game, it means that you are a skilled player. You know it's time to let go. Loosen your grip, get up, get off the stage, walk away. Life is a stifling, endless, infamous match. And between the pawn and the king, in the final challenge, there's not that much difference”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about building your own empire. It is about building a legacy that can benefit the entire community.”
“Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.”
“Our hope begins to tremble. Our dreams begin to sway. Is it the beginning of the end of mankind’s reign on earth? We don’t know. We really don’t know. We may, as a species, pass on too. The earth keeps finding something new.”
“Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.”
“No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope”
“In the absence of forgiveness, the offended become oppressed.”
“We live in the world of Point-Of-Views, not the truth”
“Learn to recognize good luck when it's waving at you, hoping to get your attention.”
“Effective leaders do not fear commitment, because they are committed to seeing their mission come to fruition.”
“Life is amazing when there is progress. That is why you must strive to take steps that lead to success.”
“But people —the ordinary, the decent and basically honest— couldn’t get through the day without that one indispensable bit of programming, that allowed you to say one thing and mean, feel, even do, another.”
“Darling listen - I want you to wake up now  Oh, no.. you took me otherwise. I am not asking you to wake up early today & do the same thing you did yesterday, I want you to wake up in life  To wake up in life means to become more of yourself, to express yourself, to show the world how you're unique & the best, everyday. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “Things happen to me” to “I make things happen”… It also means to remain happy with what you have while working hard for what you want. To wake up in life means putting a full stop to “watering the WEEDS” & begin “watering the SEEDS”… It also means to stop over-dreaming & under-acting. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “what is missing” to “what you’re grateful for”… & giving your best shot to everything & achieving every single thing you possibly CAN! Good luck & Tons of Good Wishes!”
“How does fear become so powerful? We can’t see it. We can’t touch it, yet it gets its claws in us and begins to control us. Sigh. I hate feeling afraid, and I hate, hate, HATE feeling out of control.”
“The right thing to do is so easy to see when you're seventeen years old and don't have to make any big decisions. When you know that no matter what you do, someone will take care of you and fix everything. But when you're grown up, the world is not that black and white, and the right thing doesn't a tidy little arrow pointing to it.”
“Stop waiting for future and start building your future.”
“Allowances can always be made for your friends to disagree with you. Disagreement, vehement disagreement, is healthy. Debate is impossible without it. Evil does not question itself, only hope questions itself. Even the incorruptible are corruptible if they cannot accept the possibility of being mistaken. Infallibility is a sin in any man. All laws can be broken and are. Often. Like when a bumblebee flies or an ancient regime is toppled.”
“Sometimes life seems like a poorly designed cage within which man has been sentenced to be free.”
“Waste not a second of the day, who knows if this moment will return, count each blessing of time when you dance the dance of life.”
“I regret sharing my secrets with those who didn't deserve to know anything about me.”
“We're teaching the wrong things. And you have to be strong enough to say if the culture doesn't work, don't buy it. Create your own.”
“Beyond thorns are blooming meadows, beyond grief are smiles. Numb is the world, but why must you be? Anchor feet on the shore of melodies, in dance, all stress shall release.”
“Little Moments that bloom in Christmas hue. How beautiful the night shines in the hue of dreams, as if lulling along a distant breeze, wrapped in a cold warmth of a solitary winter's eve! To me, Christmas is always about a bunch of happy moments, simple yet ornate in a colour of joy, something that connects our hearts to all that is pure and pristine, all that is beautifully simple and soulfully happy. And if we look closely, we can find those moments, every day in our regular lives, from sipping on our early morning coffee to munching on our midnight snack, from taking a moment to gaze at the sunset to simply sitting silent listening to our soul, beautiful unfiltered unadulterated moments that often go unnoticed yet remain forever warmed up in the cold embrace of our heart, frozen in a niche of a dream called Life. After all, Life is a beautiful dream. La vie est un beau rêve Stay in Love.”
“Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility.”
“There is endless potential to contribute towards making this life's experiences more joyful and wonderful for everyone including oneself.”
“Never be afraid to travel on a new path.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Dear Daughter, Tomorrow belongs to no one. Today has been given to you and yesterday is gone. So, live life freely with no regrets.”
“Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.”
“You don't need many friends to feel appreciated. One good one is enough. At most times, lean on yourself. You’re your first best friend.”
“Silence is argument carried out by other means.”
“Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.”
“I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.”
“Are you living a very quiet, very pleasant life? Then you definitely need a storm to remember that you live in a chaotic universe and not in a paradise!”
“There's a game called life where it's just YOU v/s YOU”
“I loved you long before you loved me. It's the only thing I have you beat at, and I'll bring it up every chance I get.”
“THE GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in new things; A GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in moments. To enjoy THE GOOD LIFE we have to get ahead; to enjoy A GOOD LIFE we have to make the trip worthwhile. THE GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our pocketbooks; A GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our souls.”
“When leaders take their positions, even where there is opposition, they will not be deterred from being useful in their positions.”
“Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.”
“When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.”
“Vengeance will make you feel like you are in control for some time. Yet, the truth is that it makes someone else control you for as long as you hold on to a grudge. If you want more control and total freedom, choose forgiveness.”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
“In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.”
“Primary function of an answer is to empower the question.”
“Since childhood, we have conditioned ourselves to stay away from the rain. The rain is not the problem. What the rain represents is the problem. All we hear are the voices of our 'loved ones' who brainwashed us with their broken view of life whenever it rains.”
“Rock 'n' roll is not red carpets and MySpace friends, rock'n'roll is dangerous and should piss people off”
“People don't care whether you fall in the dirt or the shit on you. If you get dirty, it's only your fault.”
“A mind can be bound by ignorance and youth, not open to the wisdom it encounters.”
“she can tell by their uniforms. It takes a million people to make life run the way it should run. Everyone has their own part to play in it.”
“Shadows are our reflection but even a light heart has a dark shadow.”
“And finally, due to the flood of needs, desires have drowned and died.”
“Man is born to live, not to prepare for life.”
“When you forgive, you will find a way forward in life.”
“When fiction has become reality, life may turn into a fairy tale or a firestorm. Tina, time has come to pull up one’s socks and start relearning and reassessing living. ("Another empty room")”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“A bend in the road is not the end of the road…Unless you fail to make the turn.”
“Dear Daughter, Who you become depends on how you see yourself now, what you choose now and what you do now. Therefore, do what is right.”
“Powerful leaders use wisdom to empower their followers, because they understand the privilege of being offered an opportunity to lead.”
“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
“Leaders should not always wait to be told what to do. They should always be on the lookout for what needs to be done. Leadership is about giving hope to those being led.”
“somehow people forget that there is God . what more to us we're just individuals,, to forget is part of imperfections..”
“Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.”
“Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.”
“Life is a full circle, widening until it joins the circle motions of the infinite.”
“Dear Leader, You cannot lead people who are bleeding. Stop their bleeding first and then focus on leading.”
“One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“It is a strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and troubles. And yet when King Laugh come, he make them all dance to the tune he play. Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall, all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him. Ah, we men and women are like ropes drawn tight with strain that pull us different ways. Then tears come, and like the rain on the ropes, they brace us up, until perhaps the strain become too great, and we break. But King Laugh he come like the sunshine, and he ease off the strain again, and we bear to go on with our labor, what it may be.”
“Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.”
“Forgiveness is the cleaning process you go through to eliminate bitterness from your heart.”
“What your mama always say? If you not good person, you're nothing. Nothing.”
“Life is amazing, but its amazing wonders are hard to realize when others become atrocious. Wherever you are, choose to be good, do good, and make a difference.”
“If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.”
“To suffer without complaint is the only lesson we have to learn in this life”
“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”
“When luxurious things are accessible at discount, Don’t buy. It will eschew you from repentance.”
“Hate me in such a way that transforms me to someone where it gets proved I delicately longed for a full fledged wrong person.”
“There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you don't care what you lose!”
“Be the art that life is breathing. Be the soul the world is living.”
“The pages of life's book turn swiftly, so let us fill them with stories worth sharing.”
“Being silent about your relationship issues is not a strength. It's just an escape.”
“When you see la vie en rose, la vie gives you roses.”
“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“MY PARENTS HAD GROWN ME TILL MY BIRTH, THE REST OF MY LIFE WAS GROWN BY MY ENEMIES”
“I was dropped at birth and left on the ground. Now I am crawling, and there’s a rainbow beneath me.”
“Life's not black-and-white. Sometimes the ends justifies the means.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Coldness is curse, Warmth is the cure.”
“Life is the tragedy,' she said bitterly. 'You know how they categorize Shakespeare's plays, right? If it ends with a wedding, it's a comedy. And if it ends with a funeral, it's a tragedy. So we're all living tragedies, because we all end the same way, and it isn't with a goddamn wedding.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark wherever you are and you will shine.”
“No matter how painful it may be, learn to move on.”
“Sense this feeling, one of rapture, one of healing, of peace to the mind, of light to the soul, as you dance.”
“Light is easy to love. Show me your darkness.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!”
“Clear misunderstandings before they permanently damage your relationships.”
“Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!”
“What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so.”
“Luck is where fate meets hard work”
“While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“We’re born, we live, we die, we’re dust, what we do in the middle determines our legacy!”
“Meet people's needs, not just by words but by deeds.”
“When leaders decide to be selfless, they effortlessly solve societal problems.”
“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
“When something goes wrong, there is a reason for it and then there is an explanation for it. Stay aware, don't confuse the two.”
“Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.”
“The life so short, the craft so long to learn.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“Could you imagine what a salmon would say if you asked it about its life? We think our lives are miserable? If only a salmon could speak. This fish spends half of its life swimming upstream, only to reach a body of water where either a bear catches it or it lays eggs only to die right afterward. What are we complaining about then? A salmon does what a salmon does. It doesn’t complain.”
“Success is not important. It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.”
“Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.”
“Speed like a leper’s tongue on a virgin tit.”
“To put an end to the desires of the spirit, we must deal with the reality of life.”
“Sometimes, it will not be easy to forgive with your strength or on your own. Ask for divine help.”
“It is hard to define life entirely, but what I know about life is that it will give you a chance to define yourself. So do your level best to put yourself out there.”
“ when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.”
“Life is the greatest gift from God, love it and live it to it's fullest.”
“There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.”
“We all claim that we don't lie. Isn't it? But that's the biggest lie. The truth is we all lie in life. Some people lie to protect their life. Some people lie to protect others. I also lied to protect someone, and what followed was a suffocation of hiding something from someone who meant a lot to me. Trust me, the sooner you learn, the better it is for you that even if your intentions are good, it is still a lie. So be a little selfish, don't think about anyone. Just think about yourself, and you'll never have to make stories to cover your lie.”
“Too late, I found you can't wait to become perfect, you got to go out and fall down and get up with everybody else.”
“You're likely to learn more in tough times, unlike in good times.”
“Dear Daughter, Hard work may not give you instant results, but one day you will look back and be proud.”
“Forgiveness is like a sweet aroma. Once you accept it in your heart, it brings calm to your life.”
“Life is a motion of emotions.”
“You have got to hold on; you have got to carry on; black skies shall clear, tribulations shall become hope, just by dancing to your favorite tune.”
“The times you lived through, the people you shared those times with — nothing brings it all to life like an old mix tape. It does a better job of storing up memories than actual brain tissue can do. Every mix tape tells a story. Put them together, and they can add up to the story of a life.”
“We have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore- except to make our lives into a work of art.”
“The people you are closest to tend to be able to hurt you the most - that is why heartbreak is so hard to deal with, why death is so painful, and why fights can destroy things that matter.”
“We are all fit for better things than we ever do.”
“I want you. I want you so badly I can’t stand it. When you left, it felt like the world got darker. Like I couldn’t truly see anything. Couldn’t feel anything.”
“Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.”
“We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.”
“The question we need to ask ourselves is: what is success to us? More money? That's fine. A healthy family? A happy marriage? Helping others? To be famous? Spiritually sound? To express ourselves? To create art? To leave the world a better place than we found it? What is success to me? Continue to ask yourself that question. How are you prosperous? What is your relevance? Your answer may change over time and that's fine but do yourself this favor – whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that would jeopardize your soul. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be, and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Don't depend on drinking the Kool-Aid – it's popular, tastes sweet today, but it will give you cavities tomorrow. Life is not a popularity contest. Be brave, take the hill. But first answer the question.”
“If you want to win in 2023, sow a good seed, conquer the urge to be seen, work on what is within and grow a thick skin.”
“Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.”
“Faith is reverence for God as the only Author of Life.”
“Because I don’t care what anyone says or how often or winningly they say it: no one will ever, ever be able to persuade me that life is some awesome, rewarding treat. Because, here’s the truth: life is a catastrophe. The basic fact of existence – of walking around trying to feed ourselves and find friends and whatever else we do – is a catastrophe. Forget all this ridiculous ‘Our Town’ nonsense everyone talks: the miracle of a newborn babe, the joy of one simple blossom, Life You Are Too Wonderful To Grasp, &c. For me – and I’ll keep repeating it doggedly till I die, till I fall over on my ungrateful nihilistic face and am too weak to say it: better never born, than born into this cesspool. Sinkhole of hospital beds, coffins, and broken hearts. No release, no appeal, no “do-overs” to employ a favored phrase of Xandra’s, no way forward but age and loss, and no way out but death.”
“Excellent leaders do not forget that excellence is part of the leadership process.”
“Life is an intricate play with actors waiting for an explanation. Each added act confers a new interpretation of the story. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“Forgive those who wronged you, but do not forget the lessons they taught you.”
“the world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places”
“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
“I think when you become a parent you go from being a star in the movie of your own life to the supporting player in the movie of someone else's.”
“Always be careful of how you make others feel, because feelings have power to soothe or break a heart.”
“Totally without hope one cannot live. To live without hope is to cease to live. Hell is hopelessness. It is no accident that above the entrance to Dante's hell is the inscription: "Leave behind all hope, you who enter here.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Our true friends are those who are with us when the good things happen. They cheer us on and are pleased by our triumphs. False friends only appear at difficult times, with their sad, supportive faces, when, in fact, our suffering is serving to console them for their miserable lives.”
“Dear Daughter, It will always be possible to remain standing if you know how to stand for the truth.”
“Worship is unto God as the Word of God is unto man.”
“Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.”
“there are years in me that have not slept”
“Every new chapter in your life requires you to be a different version of yourself.”
“Your positive energy and warm vibes are like sunrays on a cold, winter morning.”
“Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.”
“There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.”
“You can't have living without dying. So you can't call it living, what we got. We just are, we just be, like rocks beside the road.”
“Memory is an imagination particularly low on creativity.”
“Whenever you read a cancer booklet or website or whatever, they always list depression among the side effects of cancer. But, in fact, depression is not a side effect of cancer. Depression is a side effect of dying.”
“You deserve a constant wave of inner peace, but you can only attain it if you forgive.”
“Life would become so boring without the presence of death.”
“Death of pride brings life to forgiveness.”
“Dare to Be When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. Dare to be the best you can – At all times, Dare to be!”
“Under the ties, I understood that I was no longer a carefree child. The real possibility that a person-any person-could leave, hit me for the first time. One day, sooner than I could have imagined, it would be my turn to go. Not like a gentle beach breeze, but like an east wind storm.”
“The laws of God thrive no matter where you are and there are no walls, doors, or rooves that will ever be thick enough to hide your actions from God.”
“The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.”
“Dear Daughter, Be willing to make your mark in life. Start right now.”
“But we can't go back. We can only go forward.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.”
“The content structures of our existence, whether of mind or body, are helpful in our daily activities. Nevertheless, these can also be very manipulative and restrictive concerning conscious awakening. Thoughts and emotions can be excellent students of life. However, they cannot and should never be the teacher or master of this mystery.”
“When you compare the sorrows of real life to the pleasures of the imaginary one, you will never want to live again, only to dream forever.”
“This world needs people who stop, think and make plans from time to time, rather than people running around all the time, because while running around, the action is awake, the thought is asleep! In order to see the solutions to the problems, it is necessary to take a break from the action often and activate the thought!”
“You never know what's around the corner. It could be everything. Or it could be nothing. You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you've climbed a mountain.”
“We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.”
“One 'TRUTH' is always powerful, than thousands of 'LIE's !”
“I was not, I was, I am not, I care not. (Non fui, fui, non sum, non curo)”
“Don't judge people on the days when even they don't know what they are doing in life.”
“When the green-eyed monster strikes, it’s how you use that feeling that will make all the difference. Don’t let it turn into envy—use it to power your fire! Find somebody who has what you desire and study their journey—don't judge them on their success, but learn from it.”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.”
“Start before it's too late.”
“Why is choosing Folly to Understand cries the Boy", Its an old's Man's Gag said the older Brother".”
“In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.”
“There is only one sin. And that is theft When you tell a lie, you steal someone's right to the truth. When you kill a man, you steal a life. You steal his wife's right to a husband, rob his children of a father. When you cheat, you steal the right to fairness.”
“We are all here to fill a purpose”
“To say goodbye is to die a little.”
“It's not that you were not able to understand. It's only that I failed to understand how you preferred to understand. (From Ramesh Sood's Relashuns to Relashines - an amazon book)”
“The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday”
“One may never know the value of what one possesses, unless and until they’re deprived of it.”
“Peace and Jealousy cannot live in the same heart .one of them must leave.”
“The ugliest form of love is when you defend the one you love, even after knowing they have repeatedly wronged you.”
“In moments of pleasure and pain, during a celebration or a state of calm, when love arrives or says goodbye, evolve with a dance.”
“It is better to forgive than not have peace.”
“Life is easy, but sometimes people complicate it by trying to complicate the lives of others.”
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”
“Life is intermittent. Mine at least it is.”
“Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life is a never ending journing. And in every place we land, a new lesson and experience is given to us as our souvenir.”
“Have rest before start a long journey..”
“Let’s not wait until the light fades into irreparable loss, but let’s stay in the loop and pursue the momentous flow of daily little wonders, since life kindly tenders us gorgeous bouquets of sparkling colors, telling signs and rousing episodes. (“Côté cour…Côté jardin”)”
“The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.”
“If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.”
“There's nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (210) - Bud Selig "Effort is Everything”
“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”
“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
“If the path before you is clear, you're probably on someone else's.”
“Words can cause deep wounds; choose them wisely.”
“The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.”
“When you can live forever what do you live for?”
“Stars do not pull each other down to be more visible; they shine brighter.”
“Recognize the impermanence of life.”
“The child is born free of fear. But it is the feelings or actions of the parents, or those around, that instil the spirit of fear in the child.”
“A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.”
“I have given my word that only death will take me from you.”
“Everyone in this world is breathing borrowed air.”
“Life is a journey filled with highs and lows: focus on learning from the lows, and living life to the fullest through the highs.”
“Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?”
“Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time! But He loves you. He loves you, and He needs money! He always needs money! He's all-powerful, all-perfect, all-knowing, and all-wise, somehow just can't handle money!”
“I think it is possible to start again, don't you? Life, I mean. It cannot possibly be intended that we simply acquire experience upon experience like a lot of excess baggage to carry about with us until we stagger into middle age and old age beneath the impossible weight of it all. We must, as we grow older and wiser, be able to allow all the  all the pain to seep out of our bones and souls so that we can start again.”
“It was only high school after all, definitely one of the most bizarre periods in a person’s life. How anyone can come through that time well adjusted on any level is an absolute miracle.”
“Being curious is an indication of being alive.”
“I do not forget any good deed done to me & I do not carry a grudge for a bad one.”
“Solitude is where I place my chaos to rest and awaken my inner peace.”
“She had always thought applying to college would be exciting. Living away from home, meeting so many new people, Learning new things, making a few poor life desicisons .”
“Assuming that the one they love loves them back is the biggest illusion some people have.”
“Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss ." He turned to me. "But every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare.”
“I watch the coffee drip, thinking of not just how fleeting time is but how the truly magical moments in our lives are the simplest, and how we let them pass without a thought. We foolishly believe that somehow they will all last forever, that destiny will not show up at our door unannounced and knock when we least expect it.”
“Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something.”
“It's a great feeling to realize that you are not affected by your past anymore.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Maybe that's what all lives were, though. Maybe even the most seemingly perfectly intense or worthwhile lives ultimately felt the same. Acres of disappointment and monotony and hurts and rivalries but with flashes of wonder and beauty. Maybe that was the only meaning that mattered. To be the world, witnessing itself.”
“You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility for your life.”
“The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.”
“Dear Daughter, Look around you, there is something that will amaze you.”
“Sometimes things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.”
“Save your mind and heart from self-destruction. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“Please, touch me, I pray.”
“The beautiful is always bizarre.”
“Working together as a team helps build a cohesive organization.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“For we've all carried too much - maybe that's why, when we lay down something, it feels like everything is leaving, and yet - too much remains.”
“And there was a murmur of leaves along the whisper of a Twilight sky, in a canopy of stars swiftly walking through the lilac hue of a distant dream. And gently a dream passed by waving a smile, in a fiery glow of a thousand lives to kiss the halo of a soft sunset awaiting its morn.”
“Life is changing every day Whatever time you got now is yours Life might be complicated Live life to the fullest And for all you know, tomorrow might never be!”
“There really is only one ending to any story. Human life ends in death. Until then, it keeps going and gets complicated and there's loss. Everything involves loss; every relationship ends in one way or another.”
“It's okay to wander.”
“Life has a cost of time, that is constantly in motion and passing by at an incredible speed.”
“A kiss may ruin a human life”
“Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.”
“Clocks slay time  time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.”
“Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“Enjoy Life with Love, Happiness, Laughter, and smiles; enjoy your journey and travel it well with acceptance in GOD. Remember, It is all those little steps you take with GOD that make your journey complete. So keep the faith in GOD and always walk by that faith.”
“Strange, what being forced to slow down could do to a person.”
“There are times in our lives when we have to realize our past is precisely what it is, and we cannot change it. But we can change the story we tell ourselves about it, and by doing that, we can change the future.”
“Do not please the enemy. Forgive!”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“To be at peace with others you must be at peace with yourself.”
“Life is life. You choose to live it or you do not.”
“I guess god simply wants me to meet many wrong people before I meet the right one.”
“If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.”
“Faith is a counter effect of fear, doubt and worry. It removes everything that hinders you from achieving great things.”
“Life is neither fair, nor a fair; for a fair ends, life goes on. Stay motivated.”
“I made the choice to be vegan because I will not eat (or wear, or use) anything that could have an emotional response to its death or captivity. I can well imagine what that must feel like for our non-human friends - the fear, the terror, the pain - and I will not cause such suffering to a fellow living being.”
“Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder”
“Sometimes when you look at people, you don't see them clearly, you see them blurred, erased! Life is so short that these faint images of people soon become the truth. If we look at the speed of time and say that they have already disappeared, we would be telling the truth!”
“If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.”
“Loneliness is a horrifying disease that doesn't have a lot of options for its cure.”
“Life is made up of many moments. When you repeatedly botch those moments, eventually there is a price to pay”
“The entire quest is for acceptance. You run from pillar to post for being accepted as you are. This quest ends only when you realize that the most important in life is to accept yourself totally, wholly and completely. Unfortunately, that is a long drawn process and it takes time to reach that level. However, once you reach that stage, you are at entire peace with yourself.”
“Life will offer you a unique experience, so ensure you live each day without fear, doubt, or regret.”
“By ensuring your environment is one of growth rather than surrender you can ensure your life's journey is the most rewarding and pleasing one possible.”
“You surely don’t see the world so simplistically, Señorita. You must know that people are not split into good and evil, black and white. We are all shades of grey, every one of us. What you see as darkness, another would see as light. But if it’s kindness you want, I can do that. Treat me well, and I will do the same for you.”
“Roses do not bloom hurriedly; for beauty, like any masterpiece, takes time to blossom.”
“It's okay. We aren't in the same class. Just don't forget that some of us watch the sunset too.”
“Work should be about finding the daily lesson in one's self as well as providing one's daily bread.”
“When a ship gets wrecked, I have a sense it is going to be able to make it to the shore.”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“What did a happy ending even mean in real life, anyway? In stories you simply said, 'They lived happily ever after,' and that was it. But in real life people had to keep on living, day after day, year after year.”
“It's important in life if you don't give a shit. It can help you a lot.”
“Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.”
“Forgive so that you can be at peace and be set free.”
“Leaders who forget the masses after they are voted into power should not be voted in the next polls.”
“Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.”
“When the aristocracy catches a cold, the working class dies pneumonia.”
“Dear Leader, Do your best. When you do that, you will sleep well at night knowing you did what was right.”
“Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!”
“Every morning brings freshness and new hope; Be like morning”
“There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.”
“Happiness was but the occasional episode in a general drama of pain.”
“Once in a while, shut off your head and listen only to your heart.”
“Every widow wakes one morning, perhaps after years of pure and unwavering grieving, to realize she slept a good night's sleep, and will be able to eat breakfast, and doesn't hear her husband's ghost all the time, but only some of the time. Her grief is replaced with a useful sadness. Every parent who loses a child finds a way to laugh again. The timbre begins to fade. The edge dulls. The hurt lessens. Every love is carved from loss. Mine was. Yours is. Your great-great-great-grandchildren's will be. But we learn to live in that love.”
“They tell you: Follow your dreams. Listen to your spirit. Change the world. Make your mark. Find your inner voice and make it sing. Embrace failure. Dream. Dream and dream big. As a matter of fact, dream and don’t stop dreaming until your dream comes true. I think that’s crap. I think a lot of people dream. And while they are busy dreaming, the really happy people, the really successful people, the really interesting, powerful, engaged people? Are busy doing.”
“Why did this keep happening? Why her? Perhaps there was some pheromone certain people omitted, perceivable only on a wavelength unique to those individuals who preyed on them.”
“Tell me,” she interrupted, “are you quite sure that these friends of yours can be trusted?” “Quite sure. I know them personally, and have worked with them.” ”That is, they are members of the sect to which you belong? Forgive my scepticism, but I am always a little doubtful as to the accuracy of information received from secret societies. It seems to me that the habit⁠—” "Who told you I belonged to a 'sect'?" he interrupted sharply. “No one; I guessed it." "Ah!" He leaned back in his chair and looked at her, frowning. “Do you always guess people's private affairs?” he said after a moment. “Very often. I am rather observant, and have a habit of putting things together. I tell you that so that you may be careful when you don't want me to know a thing.”
“You must learn to forgive a man when he's in love. He's always a nuisance.”
“People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing.”
“Lily. Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed.”
“Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you can Think once!”
“Life is a mystery. No matter how joyful you are, there is still a cost associated with your smiles. No matter how depressed you are, you must still pay a price for each tear, and no matter how many dreams you have, you must still sacrifice them.”
“Forgiveness is the willingness to free yourself from the person who wronged you.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“We leave something of ourselves behind when we leave a place, we stay there, even though we go away. And there are things in us that we can find again only by going back there.”
“The veil of illusion cannot be overcome by mortals.”
“The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.”
“I am should be a statement of wonder.”
“Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!”
“You couldnt erase everything that caused you pain with recollection.Every memory was valuable; even the bad ones”
“We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged”
“Once we are a creation, how much absurdity can there be in our heart without God the Creator.”
“And what went wrong when other alchemists tried to make gold and were unable to do so?" "They were looking only for gold his companion answered. They were seeking the treasure of their personal legend, without wanting actually to live out the personal legend.”
“We all need to be seen, appreciated, encouraged, validated, listened to. And whether or not we've been lucky enough to get that from other people when we needed it, we can be that person for others, which in a way allows us to be that person we needed for ourselves. When we share our time and creativity, our life and story become entwined with the lives and the stories we touch.”
“Life is a temporary journey on earth. Live it with the end in mind. Never leave anything undone until your last day on earth. You cannot suddenly run many miles per hour on your sickbed if you failed to do so while you were fit. Be responsible and purposeful with your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Let your life be a testament to God’s love, grace and mercy. Choose to shine bright without any shadow of doubt.”
“A wise man once said that the best definition of insanity was performing the same action over and over again, expecting different results." Father Peter stopped smiling. "The same could be said of you. What makes you so sure you're right? And so sure I'm wrong?" "The difference is that I made a mistake once, out of ignorance," Tim said. "Everything I've done since then has been to try to make amends." "To earn forgiveness." "To protect the innocents." Tim smiled, "And yes, to earn forgiveness.”
“Certain things in life simply have to be experienced -and never explained. Love is such a thing.”
“If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.”
“Dear Leader, In leadership, there will always be someone against the decisions you make. As a leader, you need to be cognizant of the fact that not everyone will applaud you all the time. There will be times when your decisions make you unpopular. Therefore, make sure you are not influenced by the need for people’s approval but by the goal to be achieved in the end.”
“Life has a sense even if its purpose is senseless.”
“To say nothing is saying something. You must denounce things you are against or one might believe that you support things you really do not.”
“There is only one direction in life: forward and not backward.”
“We are not expected to know how to be in situations we have never been in before, we are only expected to navigate our way through as best as we can.”
“For those who believe, no proof is necessary. For those who don't believe, no proof is possible.”
“An archer must never blame a target for missing it.”
“You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.”
“What will remain is neither you nor me but what we shared among each others.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“Life takes a bit of time and a lot of relationship.”
“Set some time off for play.”
“Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.”
“Your time may come. Do not be too sad, Sam. You cannot be always torn in two. You will have to be one and whole, for many years. You have so much to enjoy and to be, and to do.”
“Bad things always have consequences . No matter how good you are doing them. How good you are in hiding them or how good you are in hiding while doing them.”
“Just because things hadn't gone the way I had planned didn't necessarily mean they had gone wrong.”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart ”
“Life is choice. All day, everyday. Who we talk to, where we sit, what we say, how we say it. And our lives become defined by our choices. It's as simple and as complex as that. And as powerful. so when I'm observing that's what I'm watching for. The choices people make”
“There is definitely someone above everyone.”
“Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“Sometimes there are no happy days after sad days. There are more sad days”
“Choosing a path meant having to miss out on others. She had a whole life to live, and she was always thinking that, in the future, she might regret the choices she made now. “I’m afraid of committing myself,” she thought to herself. She wanted to follow all possible paths and so ended up following none. Even in that most important area of her life, love, she had failed to commit herself. After her first romantic disappointment, she had never again given herself entirely. She feared pan, loss, and separation. These things were inevitable on the path to love, and the only way of avoiding them was by deciding not to take that path at all. In order not to suffer, you had to renounce love. It was like putting out your own eyes not to see the bad things in life.”
“It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.”
“When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.”
“The wisdom to tackle the challenges of life differentiates extraordinary people from ordinary ones.”
“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”
“Dear Daughter, Focus on what will bring out the best in you and do that consistently. Pay no attention to the need to seem perfect. You may have some imperfections that show up frequently, but do not forget that you were created perfectly.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is a platform where you handle problems time and again. Never be afraid of solving problems; it is a process expected of you as a leader.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“If you want a valuable life, ensure that whosoever is part of your inner circle protects your peace of mind and adds value in their own right.”
“There is no set time for a skill to be attained. Each skill is required uniquely at a certain time and from each person.”
“Operating in a high vibrational frequency can be beneficial to your present and future self”
“Dear Daughter, Do not allow the vicissitudes of life to put you down. Thrive and make your mark.”
“Sometimes the dangerous places are not marked. Be sure to use your senses in such situations.”
“Every story has a different genre, Just like sky changes it's colour.”
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”
“The only certainty life contains is death.”
“Even though you may want to move forward in your life, you may have one foot on the brakes. In order to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain your old pain. The energy it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life. What is it you would let go of today?”
“Dear Daughter, No one is perfect, but do not ruin your life in the name of no one being perfect.”
“It was the excitement of the light or the fear of the dark that prompted Thomas Edison to never give up bulb enhancement. Either way, he was right.”
“Being liked for the way you looked is worse than not being liked at all.”
“Holding this soft, small living creature in my lap this way, though, and seeing how it slept with complete trust in me, I felt a warm rush in my chest. I put my hand on the cat's chest and felt his heart beating. The pulse was faint and fast, but his heart, like mine, was ticking off the time allotted to his small body with all the restless earnestness of my own.”
“Ego is killing Humanity, Destorying Peace and Normal life, Putting the world on fire. For someone it's Zelenskyy For someone it's Putin For someone it's Europe For someone it's USA Biden For someone it's NATO But for me it's Ego Do war against Ego and save The WORLD”
“If I were to live for tomorrow, I would have lived fullest for today.”
“Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.”
“Dear Daughter, When the sun does not shine bright in your life, look at the bright side of life. Do things that make you shine and you will be fine.”
“If you want to succeed in the world you must make your own opportunities as you go on. The man who waits for some seventh wave to toss him on dry land will find that the seventh wave is a long time a-coming. You can commit no greater folly than to sit by the road side until someone comes along and invites you to ride with him to wealth or influence”
“I’m a fake fact factory. The things I make are the things I make up. Also, as a side business, I make love. Actually, I just made that up.”
“I believe when life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade and try to find someone whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.”
“Finding joy in the mundanity of daily life takes practice. ”
“Life is full of challenges, but it’s also full of beautiful moments that are only made possible when we push ourselves to overcome difficult times.”
“In a world that avoids suffering at all costs, the Cross offers a different view.”
“One day it may feel as if energy and enthusiasm are quenched, feelings dried up and emotions scorched, love and affection tangled in a harsh and uninviting setting. Nothing seems to grow anymore. No seed. No flowers. No foreseeable hope. No conceivable prospects. Any blossom of expectation seems to have become an illusion and life appears to have come to a standstill. If no seed of loving care is sown in the untilled, abandoned land, no bud can come into flower. Singer Amy Winehouse felt like lying fallow in the ground of a wasteland "with tears dry, dying a hundred times, going back to black" and leaving eventually for a place of ultimate sorrow and heartbreak, for a point of no return. ( “Amour en friche” )”
“I have stitched life into me like a rare organ --from "Three Women: A Poem for Three Voices", written 1962”
“At the same time I know that it’s not really their fault, at least not completely. I did my part too. I did it on a hundred different days and in a thousand different ways, and I know it. But this makes the anger worse, not better.”
“What is dance but a dose of stability, for it restores the balance of calm and chaos beneath.”
“Don't scratch your past failures. Just focus on your present goal and build your future".”
“You enter the forest at the darkest point, where there is no path. Where there is a way or path, it is someone else's path. You are not on your own path. If you follow someone else's way, you are not going to realize your potential.”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all ”
“If you want a life of success, you should be ready to make the necessary sacrifices.”
“Do not hold on to the pain. Let it go and you will experience a significant change. Forgive!”
“The fires of refinement will shine the light of Christ into the dark places of our hearts, burn off the chaff, and restore us to a state of greater purity.”
“We are all living, at most, half of a life, she thought. There was the life that you lived, which consisted of the choices you made. And then, there was the other life, the one that was the things you hadn’t chosen. And sometimes, this other life felt as palpable as the one you were living.”
“When life gives you a lemon, chuck it right back . and add a few lemons of your own.”
“Leaders who love their societies do not hide behind excuses. Even when there are reasons to derail from finding solutions, they always come up with effective solutions.”
“Some days I stand out for reasons so cherished. Other days I'm out of this world. And those days, as I recall, are every day!”
“Dear Leader, Lead without any fear if you want to lead people in the right direction.”
“One-sided communication can't save a relationship.”
“It isn’t fair, but maybe that’s the whole point. Fairness has no part in real life, and she took that lesson away from the Hotel Angeline with her.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“There is nothing more to reveal. Our lives lie bare and exposed.”
“What are you doing extra? That's what counts. That's when you're working hard - when you're going above and over what's expected of you" (102). - Tony Gonzalez, "The Giant Within”
“Listen to the whispers or soon you will be listening to the screams.”
“I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more ”
“If you cannot forgive others, what makes you think you deserve forgiveness?”
“Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime; time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain.”
“Dear Daughter, When you help someone else, you end up finding the help you never thought you needed.”
“Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.”
“You always meet two kinds of people in life: People who make your window bigger and bring more light to you, and those who make your window smaller and dim your light! Know that the people in the second group are outnumbered and stay away from them!”
“Love is just another dirty lie. Love is ergoapiol pills to make me come around because you were afraid to have a baby. Love is quinine and quinine and quinine until I'm deaf with it. Love is that dirty aborting horror that you took me to. Love is my insides all messed up. It's half catheters and half whirling douches. I know about love. Love always hangs up behind the bathroom door. It smells like lysol. To hell with love. Love is making me happy and then going off to sleep with your mouth open while I lie awake all night afraid to say my prayers even because I know I have no right to anymore. Love is all the dirty little tricks you taught me that you probably got out of some book. All right. I'm through with you and I'm through with love.”
“It is pointless to say that this or that night was the worst of my life. I have so many bad nights to choose from that I've made none the champion.”
“They blossom whenever and wherever they want, the little flowers of hope; our antidote to the horrors of the world.”
“The thing about knowing you’re broken is that knowing is not enough to fix it.”
“The real earning of your life is not proportional to the amount you accumulate, but to the life-lessons that you learn through practical means.”
“Success can cause people to unlearn the habits that made them successful in the first place”
“Dear Daughter, When you begin to focus on opportunities rather than obstacles, your life will be filled with miracles.”
“These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.”
“We get so caught up in the life we are leading and forget that we are capable of living. Caring for Eleanor by Sonia Rumzi”
“Solitude led to retrospective thinking, and if the past is what you are trying to get away from, then constant distractions in the present are needed.”
“We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.”
“Art is to console those who are broken by life.”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“It's a hard life if you don't weaken.”
“Your mistake is that you've concluded life is short, so you treat it as if it's precious, like a pretty little princess. Bullshit! Everyone's life is short. Quit feeling sorry for yourself. Fuck it. Treat it like a cheap hooker. Ask crazy shit from it, and you'll get more out of life than you could have ever wanted, imagined, or deserved.”
“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”
“When your whole foundation fractured well past the point of repair, all you could do was glue the pathetic, jagged shards of your life back together and try not to bleed on them.”
“The male rabbits began chattering their teeth against another’s, filling the room with a spastic, scratching sound, similar to a full shift of skate blades on a puck chase, cutting fresh ice. “An animal on a farm has no worth if it isn’t useful. I earned my right to survive--I’m named!”
“Forgiveness is about allowing those who hurt you to handle the mess all by themselves, without you holding on to that mess.”
“When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.”
“What we like to think of ourselves and what we really are rarely have much in common .”
“To move, to breathe, to fly, to float, To gain all while you give, To roam the roads of lands remote, To travel is to live.”
“What will be left of all the fearing and wanting associated with your problematic life situation that every day takes up most of your attention? A dash, one or two inches long, between the date of birth and date of death on your gravestone.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes you may feel down, but for you to rise, you will have to get up. Do not give up and do not stay down. Go higher and higher, right where you belong.”
“And then somewhere along the shore of a distant Sunset, she tumbled across her soul, and gently Life walked in.”
“Sisyphus was an entitled brat! The hero of his own story. We, however, are much worse. We are nothing but supporting characters in an endless novel, not essential, not consequential. just there for the sake of it.”
“I don’t care if people say that I am staying hungry and foolish.”
“Death means that life, or the soul, saying goodbye to the body; but that does not mean that life will not continue on different planes.”
“I never looked down on nobody, especially when I was trying to find a way to come up myself in the struggle.”
“Faith is a fierce determination to accept in your heart that a great God exists, even if you have not seen Him with your eyes.”
“In your exploration, observe, analyse, reflect, and beware.”
“When leaders protect their nations, those nations prosper.”
“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“It does not take much to forgive. All it takes is a willing heart. Take it one step at a time, and forgive until you are fine.”
“Most of the basic material a writer works with is acquired before the age of fifteen.”
“Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”
“In the graceful symphony of existence, life pirouettes with the enchanting rhythm of impermanence. Embracing the present moment reveals the spellbinding wonders that unfurl before us. Releasing the shackles of past and future attachments liberates our spirits to marvel at the kaleidoscope of ever-evolving moments. Cheers to embracing the vibrant tapestry of life, living wholeheartedly in the here and now!”
“You win a few, you lose a few. Some get rained out. But you got to dress for all of them.”
“Imitation is suicide.”
“As a leader, I aim to be dynamic whenever necessity ask for it and adaptive to any change that occurs without a notice.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not get involved in situations that hinder you from accessing open doors.”
“Friendship should be fair. It becomes charity if you’re always the giver and the other person the receiver …and without reciprocation.”
“Value your time and goals but don't forget to value the people in your life too.”
“The hardest part of faith is not in the believing, but in the surrendering.”
“Maybe we'll meet each other in the next life, and maybe next time we'll do it right.”
“We may be small, and we may be young, but we will shake the world for our beliefs.”
“I've crossed some kind of invisible line. I feel as if I've come to a place I never thought I'd have to come to. And I don't know how I got here. It's a strange place. It's a place where a little harmless dreaming and then some sleepy, early-morning talk has led me into considerations of death and annihilation.”
“Me, I want to bloody kick this moronic bloody world in the bloody teeth over and over till it bloody understands that not hurting people is ten bloody thousand times more bloody important than being right .”
“nowadays people sell their personality because of something and something is given away by taking away their personality.”
“Nobody can give you confidence, and nobody can take it from you.”
“Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realise they were the big things.”
“Life is like an Ocean! You either swim to stay on the top, or do nothing and sink to the bottom!”
“The more I see, the less I know for sure.”
“All dreams are full of doubts, but only those who are proactive can turn them into reality.”
“HEARTWORK Each day is born with a sunrise and ends in a sunset, the same way we open our eyes to see the light, and close them to hear the dark. You have no control over how your story begins or ends. But by now, you should know that all things have an ending. Every spark returns to darkness. Every sound returns to silence. And every flower returns to sleep with the earth. The journey of the sun and moon is predictable. But yours, is your ultimate ART.”
“You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.”
“People always marvel that holding a seashell to your ear replicates the sound of the sea, but in the seconds before you faint, the movement of blood rushing out of your brain replicates the sound of the sea too.”
“You can add new things to your life at every stage of your life: New ways, new habits, new ideas, new fears, and new stupidities! And remember, at every stage of your life, you can take something out of your life! You have the will to add and subtract! Make good use of this will, use this simple mathematics well to make your life better!”
“Don't get stuck in right and wrong. Move on with reality be it right, be it wrong. Life goes on.”
“There are no conditions to which a person cannot grow accustomed, especially if he sees that everyone around him lives in the same way.”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself…”
“Writing is a form of therapy; sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose, or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.”
“Know this; in every life story there will come tough times, marking the end of a chapter and if you haven't gone through one, despite the fact you win or lose, then you might have not reached that end yet. So keep moving forward until you do while you quit worrying.”
“I'm living at a peak of clarity and beauty I never knew existed. Every part of me is attuned to the work. I soak it up into my pores during the day, and at night—in the moments before I pass off into sleep—ideas explode into my head like fireworks. There is no greater joy than the burst of solution to a problem. Incredible that anything could happen to take away this bubbling energy, the zest that fills everything I do. It's as if all the knowledge I've soaked in during the past months has coalesced and lifted me to a peak of light and understanding. This is beauty, love, and truth all rolled into one. This is joy.”
“Time puts everything in their proper place and whatever is misplaced is already on the way to where it belongs.”
“Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.”
“Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.”
“Life will allow you to meet cruel people at some point. When the unexpected happens, learn to be strong.”
“I didn't know the answers, but I could feel that the things that gave life meaning came from a place within and from the nurturing of values like tolerance, charity, and community.”
“I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.”
“Fame is a dangerous addictive drug . People lose their character, morals, principles, mind , manners, sanity just to have it.”
“I had rather be shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.”
“I have known many gods. He who denies them is as blind as he who trusts them too deeply. I seek not beyond death. It may be the blackness averred by the Nemedian skeptics, or Crom's realm of ice and cloud, or the snowy plains and vaulted halls of the Nordheimer's Valhalla. I know not, nor do I care. Let me live deep while I live; let me know the rich juices of red meat and stinging wine on my palate, the hot embrace of white arms, the mad exultation of battle when the blue blades flame and crimson, and I am content. Let teachers and philosophers brood over questions of reality and illusion. I know this: if life is illusion, then I am no less an illusion, and being thus, the illusion is real to me. I live, I burn with life, I love, I slay, and am content.”
“Either we waste time, or it ends up making us lose.”
“Slow or fast, no matter how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“If you don't like me, don't stay with me. Keep it simple.”
“I've learned it's okay to love more than one person.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Please wait for me a little more longer”
“How can I be reasonable? To me our love was everything and you were my whole life. It is not very pleasant to realize that to you it was only an episode.”
“The only thing more powerful than a man with a gun is a man with a book. A book can change a mind, a gun can only silence it.”
“The Test of Death -Would you believe someone you trust and swear to tell you the truth? -No -Why? -He may say what he thinks is the truth, which is not so, and I believe that the truth is not given, but taken, snatched, you have to fight to get it, the truth is not free. – We sent you to carry out a dangerous, sensitive task, a matter of life or death, and we sent someone you know is a deceiver and a liar to share it with you, we do not trust him either, but we need him? Do you accept it with him? -Maybe yes and maybe no -How? -Trust here has no place, even if I trust him, I may not implement it with him, and I may implement it with someone I do not trust, everyone in a certain circumstance has the ability of betrayal and treachery, as they have the capacity for honesty and sincerity, I will not trust anyone with a dangerous operation like this, but I will trust the plan; if the plan had taken all possibilities into consideration, including the possibilities of treachery, and if we put alternative plans in case of emergency, I would trust the plan itself, and implement it with those whose presence is required. -What is brainwashing? -It is a radical transformation of ideas in a short period of time, without a convincing reason or explanation. – How does the process work? -The primitive method is by coercive means, such as physical or psychological torture, to implant thoughts directly into the victim’s head. -What is the most advanced method? -By manipulating the surrounding environment of the victim, and passing ideas into his brain indirectly, to convince him that it is the product of chance, or for supernatural reasons such as your pre-written destiny, or that God has chosen you for this moment, and the more convincing the environment, and the more serendipitous, the quality of the process better. -How do you know you are being brainwashed? -I watch my thoughts, if I suddenly decide to switch them without a clear and convincing reason, and within a short period of time, then I have to study the changes in the environment around me, new people, targeted ads on social media, random videos, and everything around me seem to happen by chance It is directly or indirectly related to new ideas. Then research and focus, analyze and elicit, to try and discover the process. -What is long-term brainwashing? -A traditional brainwashing process, but it takes a relatively long time, such as repeating the idea to be cultivated weekly instead of repeating it daily, and this happens if the victim is intelligent and careful observation, so the process is done carefully and slowly so as not to discover it. -Which is more powerful, short-term or long-term brainwashing? -The short; the mind quickly ignores, when passing the idea in separate periods of time, it ignores the old ones, and buries them away in its memory, thus their impact decreases, so we are forced to plant the idea a thousand times instead of a hundred, to increase the momentum and compensate for the lack of influence of the old ideas, and with the presence of spaced periods of time when the process takes a long time, and the chance of discovering the target becomes greater. -What is a mind injection, and how is it done? -It is the process of implanting the ideas that are required to be implanted in it, in direct or indirect ways, and each has its own method and method of injection, some of them rush and some of them take longer than the necessary time, and in both cases, the injection does not take its desired effect, but it is possible that the effect is completely reversed. -How do you know that the injection process is going well? -The new and reprehensible reactions of the victim, especially the spontaneous ones. Which is issued near the end of the injection process.”
“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
“You can be the best tomorrow by being better today”
“When you do wrong to the people who love you, it surely comes back to you.”
“No matter how qualified or deserving we are, we will never reach a better life until we can imagine it for ourselves and allow ourselves to have it.”
“Patrick: Is fear rith maith nά drochseasamh. Jessica:And that means what? Patrick: A good run is better than a bad stand. Jessica: Oh. And that means what? Patrick: It means, Jessica, that life is about choices. Sometimes you fight, sometimes you flee, but you never surrender.”
“Embracing the imperfections that you have attracts other people because you become approachable.”
“One Choice One Choice, decided your friends. One Choice, defines your beliefs. One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever. ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU”
“No matter how tough the situation may be, trust in God. He is trustworthy. He can still turn your life around.”
“A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose. (Maester Aemon)”
“Happiness is not a goal it's a by-product of a life well lived.”
“You better start swimming, or you'll sink like a stone. Because the Time's they are a-changing.”
“The whole world is affected by the earth’s rising temperature. We’re raising it further.”
“True love mends broken hearts and never changes no matter what the circumstances are, but the fake eventually destroys someone's heart.”
“Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.”
“Till the Time 'Homosapiens' was based on Survival - "Fitness" was the only Wealth Humans Needed, and it was Time' when Eco-System wasn't effected by Creatures. "The Golden Era of Evolution ”
“Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?”
“I have a shocking memory - I remember everything.”
“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.”
“Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans.”
“People said that video games were bad because they made you numb to death, made you register entrails splattering across a screen as a sign of success. In that moment, Val thought that the real problem with games was that the player was suppossed to try everything. If there was a cave, you went in it. If there was a mysterious stranger, you talked to him. If there was a map, you followed it. But in games, you had a hundred million billion lives and Val only had this one.”
“Sometimes it rains and other times clear skies, life is full of compensations. We must compromise to its terms and conditions; without complaining.”
“Life is the most magical chance in life.”
“I think choosing between men and women is like choosing between cake and ice cream. You'd be daft not to try both when there are so many different flavors.”
