“The ultimate story of success: When a nobody, who has never once in his entire life known the feeling of being remembered or respected, suddenly snaps and becomes a world dictator. On one hand it sounds just, but on the other, it illustrates the reason why a prosperity message has and needs its limitations.”
“Folding your arms, feeling sorry for yourself, and complaining, will not help you. ACT, because Action Changes Things.”
“Life is a journey, and it’s full of twists and turns - some amazing, some challenging. But no matter how tough the roads or uncomfortable the accommodations, there’s still something to learn from it all.”
“If you take on a challenge and really commit to it, you'll find that it's not just about that one thing - it will create new habits, skills and behaviors that can be applied in other parts of your life.”
“People who are ambitious and goal-oriented are the people who are found alone in the world”
“Only great fools remain ungrateful.”
“When we start being too impressed by the results of our work, we slowly come to the erroneous conviction that life is one large scoreboard where someone is listing the points to measure our worth. And before we are fully aware of it, we have sold our soul to the many grade-givers. That means we are not only in the world, but also of the world. Then we become what the world makes us. We are intelligent because someone gives us a high grade. We are helpful because someone says thanks. We are likable because someone likes us. And we are important because someone considers us indispensable. In short, we are worthwhile because we have successes. And the more we allow our accomplishments — the results of our actions — to become the criteria of our self-esteem, the more we are going to walk on our mental and spiritual toes, never sure if we will be able to live up to the expectations which we created by our last successes. In many people’s lives, there is a nearly diabolic chain in which their anxieties grow according to their successes. This dark power has driven many of the greatest artists into self-destruction.”
“Success works as a cycle - growth and contraction, balancing and unbalancing - all while you're encountering hurdles that get higher and higher over time.”
“For years, I had chosen to espouse addiction, sex, and success, rather than espousing the one who actually, truly, fully, cared about me. I had to live in lavish indulgence of my sin for years, before I was able to realize that it couldn’t ever fully satisfy.”
“Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.”
“I am learning, and I believe I shall do quite well.”
“Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.”
“Those who are willing to take uncalculated risks are those who achieve immense success.”
“We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving.”
“The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“To stay down in whatever place I was last knocked down is to decide that life is done long before it is done.”
“I have some advice for the young generation who are wanting to become successful in life: become more grateful. Once you do that, Allah says, "If you are grateful, I will surely increase you (in everything)." If you're having a hard time in math, science, language and whatever else, become grateful to Allah and He will open doors for you. You'll even get better at basketball and become more athletic. I pray that Allah makes you grateful young people who are examples for others all over the world, ameen.”
“Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal”
“Making popcorn is a reminder of the very valuable fact that very similar people who are given the very same opportunity in the very same environment at the very same time will not succeed or mature at the very same time, if they will manage to succeed or mature.”
“Your goals are within reach – take control of your destiny and manifest greatness through action-driven progress.”
“And for all those years, we never talked about the disaster at the recital or my terrible accusations afterward at the piano bench. All that remained unchecked, like a betrayal that was now unbreakable. So I never found a way to ask her why she had hoped something so large that failure was inevitable. And even worse, I never asked her what frightened me the most: Why had she given up hope?”
“Creating a logbook of your energies helps to understand how much and what types of energy you give and receive from others and how much of it you capture and lose during the day.”
“If you fail once or twice in something it is fine but if you fail in something a hundred times then you can become the only successful person in that thing in this world.”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you" whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it cause a smile today for someone else and give plenty of hugs.”
“Errors and Evolution (The Sonnet) Elimination of error is elimination of evolution, What's needed is correction of error not elimination. Why you ask - because error expands perception, While absence of error indicates absence of ascension. Pebbles don't make mistakes, for pebbles have no life. People make mistakes, for people are alive and kicking. Make the error, mend the error, that is how we grow. Don't be ashamed, don't be boastful, just keep correcting. Those who never make mistakes, never amount to anything, Failures are the foundation of a legend's legacy. Let them celebrate your triumphs all they want, You for one celebrate your mistakes and misery. The shallow measure a person by their glorious victories. Those with character measure a character by their tragedies.”
“Judgment is the wise sage within us — the adult part that can help guide us away from what is toxic for us, and toward what will help us heal, grow, and succeed.”
“On the road to success some will always expect tragedy   ditch your doubts and experience success with Cosmic Ordering.”
“Fear makes us think we need more information before deciding, but often we just need courage!”
“Indecision breeds doubt, but decisive action fuels confidence.”
“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.”
“Nearly' only counts in horseshoes and hand-grenades.”
“The more important a call to action is to our purpose, the more we may be tempted to resist it - and yet it may just be what opens up new doors and opportunities for us.”
“ your job is just what you do. It’s not who you are.”
“Regular practice, consistency and self-confidence can only help you becoming a great player.”
“The only limitation is that which one sets up in one's own mind.”
“Don't worry about drastic changes because it's the small habits you do consistently that will have a lasting impact on your life!”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“Men's lives are short . The hard man and his cruelties will be Cursed behind his back and mocked in death. But one whose heart and ways are kind - of him strangers will bear report to the whole wide world, and distant men will praise him. - Penelope in Robert Fitzgerald trans. THE ODYSSEY (364)”
“Over the years, I have come to realize that the greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity, or power, but self-rejection. Success, popularity, and power can indeed present a great temptation, but their seductive quality often comes from the way they are part of the much larger temptation to self-rejection. When we have come to believe in the voices that call us worthless and unlovable, then success, popularity, and power are easily perceived as attractive solutions. The real trap, however, is self-rejection. As soon as someone accuses me or criticizes me, as soon as I am rejected, left alone, or abandoned, I find myself thinking, "Well, that proves once again that I am a nobody."   [My dark side says,] I am no good  I deserve to be pushed aside, forgotten, rejected, and abandoned. Self-rejection is the greatest enemy of the spiritual life because it contradicts the sacred voice that calls us the "Beloved." Being the Beloved constitutes the core truth of our existence.”
“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
“Success is counted sweetest By those who ne’er succeed. To comprehend a nectar Requires sorest need.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“Little things don't make perfection but perfection is made out of little things.”
“Life is beyond everything you can imagine and act”
“When I was small I felt like a Superhero as my father threw me up in the air. Now after reaching this success peak I unmask - Real Superhero made me Superhero!”
“There are many, many, many worlds branching out at each moment you become aware of your environment and then make a choice.”
“The really essential factors of success in any undertaking are money and opportunity, and as a rule, the man who can make the first can make the second.”
“If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.”
“Some people are unknowingly engaged in the pursuit of unhappiness.”
“Maturity is when you realize the universe is too big to get affected from you failure and success.”
“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
“Successful people use adversity to grow and thrive.”
“Success is when people start copying you.”
“Dying," Morrie suddenly said, "is only one thing to be sad over, Mitch. Living unhappily is something else. So many of the people who come to visit me are unhappy.”
“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one   quitting!”
“Everyone that enters through Him is secured and the person shall find pastures for himself. Jesus really cares!”
“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
“Even small positive shifts in thinking, create huge results if you are consistent in your efforts”
“Anxiety is our inability to gather enough patience within ourselves to act in the best interest of the long-term benefits.”
“He worked by day and toiled by the night. He gave up play and some delight. Dry books he read, New things to learn. And forged ahead, success to earn. He plodded on with faith and pluck; And when he won men called it luck.”
“Successful people achieve what they set out to do. All others make excuses.”
“Every person has a unique success equation. What's yours?”
“As a role model salesperson who embodies everything in this book, you will be a catalyst for making every energy exchange in the world contain a powerful force of love.”
“Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.”
“The absolute truth is an illusion, in the game of evolution, even the truth is constantly evolving.”
“Accepting a wrong opportunity is as risky as refusing a good opportunity. The risk-benefit matrix is a human software that needs to be active all the time, always adjusting to its changing environment.”
“Always stand for your identity. Once you stand for your identity, the whole world will recognize you and follow you. Enough of colonialism and its after affects. India is leap frogging into 21st century with its own identity, in spite of 250 years of colonialism.”
“We have three sets of passports. Two are Egyptian with false names.”
“You must immerse yourself in your work. You have to fall in love with your work … You must dedicate your life to mastering your skill. That’s the secret of success.”
“I began a new career studying the psychology of stress and the psychology of success. My mission was to learn all I could about playing under pressure. I wanted to find out why, under pressure, some athletes break through, as Hamilton did, while others break down.”
“Prove yourself if you really want to prove yourself”
“If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.”
“The struggle may be hurtful but its result will always be fruitful, so do not stop and just give it one more try to taste the fruitful outcome.”
“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“If the good works don't fit, perhaps you should try the bad ones and make something positive out of it.”
“When you operate from your Comfort Zone, you listen to your own inner guidance rather than to the suggestions of others. You trust yourself.”
“Success is a choice; you choose it and work it out! Excellence is deliberate and so it is intentionally pursued. No successful person ever remained idle for success to knock his/her door for him/her”
“Because I keep it real and reality is a ruthless bitch. Plus I wanna make money – you cool with that?” - Gable”
“Creating sustainable human energy systems is a new competitive advantage for companies operating in fast-changing environments”
“Responsibilities are what keep you focused and disciplined”
“Failure isn't bad if it doesn't attack the heart. Success is all right if it doesn't go to the head.”
“Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.”
“A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“You want to play the game of life but wish that there should be no opposition, no obstacles, no challenges. How's that possible?”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“Any God-given gift we have been blessed with is public property in the sense that we have been given it for the good of all. This saves us from many an ego-trip. It guarantees the purity of the gift. It ensures the success of our endeavours.”
“The bat and the ball only matter because we stepped up to the plate.”
“They might choose to look down on you and say you are nothing. It is their choice, don't join them and look down on yourself.”
“Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you hence the delusion necessary to push on.”
“The price of success is to bear the criticism of envy.”
“You're a failure until you succeed”
“At a point in my life where achieving goals are not options but a necessity. Where dreams are fulfilled by working hard. Where mistakes I've made and challenges I've come across are a story to empower others. Where the choices I currently make is for my best interest. Where my circle has become smaller and includes only persons who can build me and I can do the same for them. Where success is priority and life is worth living with God being my guide.”
“Losing is always about learning not giving up”
“There’s no single way to impart knowledge. Teaching isn’t only successful when “experts” stand before a group of kids and lecture them.”
“I am struck by how sharing our weakness and difficulties is more nourishing to others than sharing our qualities and successes.”
“There are lives to be lived if only you didn't care. Care for what, for what; the opinion of mankind, money, success, hotel lobbies, health, umbrellas, Uneeda biscuits . . .?”
“You can't afford to give up now, rise up, show up, and win. it's your day!”
“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved. Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
“Swap out burnout for inner balance by embracing daily rituals that support sustainable success with ease.”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.”
“Autumn had lulled the garden to sleep. And its stilled slumber rested in the fact that the garden possessed no concern regarding the demands of the spring ahead as it drew peace from the harvest born of the summer past.”
“Don't hold back dreams. Instead, let the mind imagine the unrealistic and chase the impossible.”
“Ephron insisted, "It will be a little messy, but embrace the mess. It will be complicated, but rejoice in the complications. It will not be anything like what you think it will be like, but surprises are good for you. And don't be frightened: you can always change your mind. I know: I've had four careers and three husbands.”
“He will know from and early age that failure is not disgrace. It's just a pitch that you missed, and you'd better get ready for the next one. The next one might be the shot heard round the world. My son and I are Americans, we prepare for glory by failing until we don't.”
“Think of one thing you can do that will make a big difference in what you are trying to achieve.”
“The secret to success? Replace stress with ease, take consistent action toward your goal, and enjoy the ride!”
“Because memory is time folding back on itself. To remember is to disengage from the present. In order to reach any kind of success in automobile racing, a driver must never remember.”
“For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely!”
“Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.”
“Failure is the prerequisite to success, not the elimination of it.”
“If you really want to know how you can build a successful company, go and see how workers are building homes in your town.”
“Don't tie your success to anything other than what's inside you”
“Never try to do business with your friends and family.”
“If you have nothing to share, share your humanity”
“The past and future exist in infinite dimensions; the present moment is defined and limited.”
“Don’t give up. For the greatest successes of all are those where the utter brutality of the battle has pressed us to give up, but we have refused to give in. For that itself is the success without which nothing is successful.”
“If I can’t get your love, time, money, hope, and positivity, don’t thrash me with your desperation, anxiety, negativity, criticism, or unsolicited advice. ”
“Commitment =ƒ(Capabilities x Intentions)”
“Have dreams and work on them. Success needs you to pray, plan and implement.”
“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
“We could never know what works best for us if we weren't curious.”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“Nations do not spontaneously organize themselves to achieve higher Human Development Index rankings or PISA scores, lower CO2 emissions. Food does not fall on their plates, clothes on their backs or roofs over their heads. Well being and progress towards it, is what begs a better explanation.”
“You only have to doze a moment, and all is lost. For ruin and salvation both have their source inside you.”
“If you have at least one person to support and inspire you in any good and bad situation of your life then no one can stop you from being successful”
“The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.”
“He who has the audacity to stop you from dreaming is he who had given you the imaginations to think, but not those who watch you as you explore the dreams!”
“Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. Yet each struggle, each defeat, sharpens your skills and strengths, your courage and your endurance, your ability and your confidence and thus each obstacle is a comrade-in-arms forcing you to become better  or quit. Each rebuff is an opportunity to move forward; turn away from them, avoid them, and you throw away your future.”
“Today, the change leaders are busy changing people without realizing that we are no longer chasing a deer, instead, we are being chased by a tiger. The game is no longer the same.”
“Discipline is a prerequisite of greatness. Nobody becomes great by accident.”
“All crowns come from "once upon a pain".”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“You only see the light of the sun, not its combustion agony.”
“If all the world's a stage, I suggest you start performing at your best.”
“If you have an idea to make something that can make this world wonderful then just do it regardless of your problems”
“I believe the secret to my success has been my commitment to consistently aligning with my Comfort Zone and expanding it.”
“Have the courage to take risks, because if you don't, you'll never know what lies beyond your comfort zone.”
“The best way to predict your future is to create it with passion and purpose.”
“The backbone of success is hard work, determination, good planning, and perserverence.”
“ALL doubt, whether from myself or others, is the enemy of my goals. Therefore I have zero tolerance for doubt. If you doubt me you will not have access to me. If I doubt myself I promise to recognize it and shut it down immediately until the doubt is no longer a part of my life.”
“Determination and devotion for one thing will lead you to unimaginable success.”
“Curiosity, in its purest form, also nurtures the essence of creativity. It encourages us to view things from new perspectives, to imagine the unimaginable, and to create what has never been created before.”
“The secret code of success is patience, a virtue that can not be replaced. It takes time to build great dreams.”
“There is no magic except that which lives within you!”
“Successful people don't let fear paralyze them. They feel it, acknowledge it, and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.”
“People manipulate things everyday to earn money, respect or attention”
“You will not succeed until bruised by failures.”
“Every possession is an illusion because whatever comes in goes out one day.”
“When you focus on the real value and the perceived value—as long as they are higher than the price—this is what matters to the client.”
“If you can attract the right people with clarity and confidence then nothing can stop you from being successful”
“One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.”
“We're all to driven by materialism. Obsessed with success. With money. With trying to impress people who'll never be impressed.”
“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”
“A free man, when he fails, blames nobody.”
“Struggle breeds resilience, and resilience paves the way for triumph.”
“If you can't do great things, Mother Teresa used to say, do little things with great love. If you can't do them with great love, do them with a little love. If you can't do them with a little love, do them anyway. Love grows when people serve.”
“I can see that many people are working only nine hours for their existence, not because they can't do something big, but because they don't want to do something important in this world.”
“A society where everybody is paddling the same boat at a decent pace will move quicker and more effortlessly than one with a few speedsters and many laggards.”
“It's easy to get fooled by the noise - don't let it distract you from your truth and what's right for YOU.”
“Focus on yourself first before trying to please others - success starts from within!”
“I cannot say this too strongly: Do not compare yourselves to others. Be true to who you are, and continue to learn with all your might.”
“He gritted his teeth with determination. He wasn't going to make it easy for her to walk away from their marriage. Damn her, anyway. She'd been the primary reason he'd worked sixteen hour days. She'd come from wealth, and his pride wouldn't allow her to climb down to marry someone who couldn't provide for her the sort of elevated lifestyle. The success he had achieved had been for her and their marriage. But her patience had run out and she'd followed suit. He'd never forgive her for leaving him high and dry. (Chapter 4)”
“Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.”
“Success is the last thing you should be afraid of. When you hit the top of one mountain, it makes it easier to see the peaks of the mountains you never knew existed before.”
“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
“What do you mean I have to wait for someone's approval? I'm someone. I approve.  So I give myself permission to move forward with my full support!”
“When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“Having a clear vision leads to greater self-awareness — use it as a guide to empower yourself and pave the way for success!”
“Evolution is relative, we can’t disintegrate our evolution with technology. Both need to evolve together.”
“The sudden success which you acquire will lose it quickly.”
“As ever, AC material is controversial, so no one of a sensitive disposition should access this work. You can’t say you haven’t been warned. We understood that for our message to be pure, it would entail shrinking our audience to almost zero, and we have more or less achieved that. When you tell the truth, you repulse everyone who follows the lie, and that’s close to almost all of humanity. Humanity loves the Lie. It worships it. It will have nothing else. The Truth is of no use to it at all. So, come inside and follow the final phase of this strangest of all stories. You’ll laugh, you’ll cry, you’ll be enraged, and many of you will storm off in a huff. At the end, you will either love us or hate us, and probably the latter. That’s how it ought to be. What could be worse than going out with a whimper rather than a bang?”
“Being a customer centric company is an essential part of your company's growth”
“Remember how far you’ve come, and you won’t have to rely on a destiny for your future. It will come on your own.”
“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.”
“I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success victory; it has my complete focus.”
“our collective psyche is not achieving its goal our hearts are as black as coal if only we could stop being clumsy progress would not seem so flimsy”
“Once you can clarify your unique vision for the end goal—comfort, happiness, security, etc.— you can get started on the path toward the reality of success.”
“Focus sharpens the mind, paving the way to success.”
“The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.”
“Vision without execution is just hallucination.”
“By letting go of the past, focusing on the present, and creating a brighter future, we can live a life full of happiness, fulfillment, and success.”
“Take the time to train your mind.”
“Beware of those who are bitter, for they will never allow you to enjoy your fruit.”
“Strong wills control what most people call reality.”
“The success of an enterprise is determined not only by its financial success but also by the positive influence it has on people's lives and the progress of a country.”
“The money you make is a symbol of the value you create.”
“The ladder of success is made from nails of patience.”
“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
“Success is always relative; in isolation, everyone is a winner.”
“If you have anything to offer, I'm always ready to listen.”
“To achieve something big in this world gather your energy and throw it forcefully in only one right direction.”
“I've always been a deep sea diver Played by my own rules in life Never understood all the hype Behind wanting to be a certain type”
“The change will happen in all circumstances, either with us or without us.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“There's nothing in the world that breeds success like success.”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“God’s word is not just to be heard and repeated, it is to be breathed, lived, and emulated with each action.”
“Dear Daughter, Just to give you a heads-up, keep your head up ─ You are enough.”
“How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible ”
“If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.”
“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
“There is no reason to resist the ups and downs of life. Simply take a step back, be fascinated with the learning opportunities and great moments, and you’ll be more fulfilled as a result.”
“In every generation, people resist new ideas. What are you resisting today?”
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
“Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“Success is getting what you want.. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
“It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.”
“You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.”
“Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“Your past does not define your future. Learn from your mistakes, let go of what no longer serves you, and create a brighter tomorrow.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“There is always enough time to get things right the first time”
“Busyness is a self-destructive tool humans have invented to create an illusion of success.”
“Ambition is the herald of dawn despite the most evident dusk.”
“The people who are here to dominate this world are the people who want to make this world the most beautiful place to live or the worst place to live”
“I think for anyone to become good at something, they have to fail a lot too. And they have to be completely unafraid to fail or they'll never make it to the next level.”
“Not every hen lay eggs. Not every hen that lays eggs gets them hatched. Not everyone born with greatness becomes as such. Go, hatch your eggs.”
“Find ways to reduce stress as much as possible so that you can stay in the flow.”
“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
“Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.”
“To become the most successful person, focus on one thing and keep working on that one thing throughout your life.”
“Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.”
“Marriage is the union of two 'I's to form a 'V'. Both 'I's have to tilt equally to make a good 'V'. 'I's standing tall can never make a 'V'.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.”
“Nothing comes as an accomplishment instantly. Success does not come overnight. Patience is the key! Grow up and be the tree; but remember it takes dry and wet seasons to become a fruit bearer, achiever and impact maker!”
“Think continally about what you want, not about the things you fear.”
“It takes courage to break unhealthy habits and replace them with healthier ones — stick to it, and keep moving forward with determination”
“Patience and persistence are the keys  The keys to unlock doors of success  With these two virtues, you grow in reasoning and experience.”
“If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.”
“Perfection is good as long as we perfect the right things. ”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“A woman who knows how to ‘Lead with DESIRE’ can unlock a man’s true potential to succeed both financially and romantically.”
“A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions--as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all.”
“2023 is a year to break new barriers, it's a year to ensure that our vision board is achieved and success is our priority! God speed on your 2023 journey!”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. You can learn from others’ words, but you have to walk your own path with your own ideas and hard work.”
“A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.”
“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
“Andrei was in an elusive period in life, much like a snow leopard. He’d spent a couple of years having successfully filtered out all that was terrible and ugly in his life, from old shoes to lifeless people. However, the purification finished and he had not yet found the glint of gold to replace the damned. He had nowhere to place his lifted foot. Instead, his moral foot hovered, awkwardly, a crepuscular flesh, trembling every night, unable to set itself in a correct place. He lived in that hanging imbalance every day, and some would say this period of searching takes a while. But to him, all it did was take. Not a while. The peace of his life just takes. And takes. And takes. While Andrei may not suffer from the heat of stress or common negativity that improperly placed feet do, he lived cold, in a void, without the luxury of finding a worthy arrangement for his leopard paw.”
“Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a carpenter to build one.”
“Planning and teamwork can bring you closer to perfection than working in isolation”
“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
“It's failure that gives you the proper perspective on success.”
“Everything in life is risky, life itself is a risk, so if you are not taking enough risks in your life your life will become too risky”
“Don't underestimate the power of positive vibes & positive affirmations! They help sustain success & motivation.”
“Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.”
“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
“God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“Loving your client is not just an affirmation or a quote you can put up on a wall. It’s a dedication to actions, including understanding and listening.”
“If you want to make a change in your life and create something meaningful, you need to shift your mindset from "shoulds" to "musts".”
“Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.”
“They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“Sometimes it can feel like success comes in leaps and bounds, but the truth is that small shifts and tweaks are the things that will bring you closer to your desired future.”
“Perfection' is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe . If you are a perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be a loser in whatever you do.”
“Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.”
“Every flower blooms at a different pace.”
“God wants you to succeed, which is why you should pray that He reveals to you the strategies and grants you the energy you need for success.”
“To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down ”
“Becoming well known (at least among your prospects & connections) is the most valuable element in the connection process.”
“There's a simple, but oft-neglected lesson here: to sustain success, you have to be willing to abandon things that are no longer successful.”
“We do not fail until we are trying. We fail once we give up.”
“Some of our successes, or possessions, have pushed some people into starting their own businesses … and some into ending their own lives.”
“If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.”
“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
“Money can buy a lot of things maybe even “happiness” to a certain degree. Yet, how you’re paid designs your lifestyle. If things go wrong at work, your home may have your back. BUT when things go wrong at home, your work does not have your back. Remember that.”
“Just because it didn’t work doesn’t mean it was the wrong choice. The world is full of probabilities, not certainties. Find a game where the probabilities favor you and keep taking shots.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“One small act of influence can have a ripple effect beyond what could ever have been imagined — use its power wisely”
“Don't work for slavery life, work for success.”
“Consistency and discipline births successful outcomes.”
“Don't let fear or doubt stop you from trusting the process! Commit to your goals and trust that everything will turn out just fine.”
“You cannot score a goal when you are sitting on the bench. To do so, you have to dress up and enter the game.”
“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
“Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.”
“I like to succeed in public, but to fail in secret.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“Everything in life is collaboration, if you learn this one skill you will grow consistently in your life”
“When your thoughts and intentions are extremely positive towards your dreams, you will attract the powerful energy that will help you achieve your dreams”
“As technology progresses, the amount of unlearning increases proportionally to the amount of learning.”
“The fishing is best where the fewest go and the collective insecurity of the world makes it easy for people to hit home runs while everyone is aiming for base hits.”
“You can't talk about mango without experiencing the taste of mango.”
“If there were a master of stupidity in this world, I would really love to listen to his success story.”
“Patience and focus on the goal are the ways of success.”
“The seeds of our future trouble are sown in the times of great success and prosperity”
“Success and winning is often about victories won in the hidden recesses of the heart.”
“Fashion does not have to prove that it is serious. It is the proof that intelligent frivolity can be something creative and positive”
“Stop settling and dare to be exceptional. Own your individuality and level up your standards because your unique identity deserves nothing less than greatness.”
“You may think your achievements, Are the crown of your life. But it's your failures, That make you shine bright.”
“Everyone has doubts and negative thoughts. It is , however, what you choose to do with those thoughts that matters.”
“Success is often simple, though because of lies and brainwashing, people are tricked into thinking it's convoluted and complex.”
“The only way to achieve success is to face your failures and learn from them. Competitors are not your foes, but your guides who challenge you to become better.”
“Stop surrounding yourself with all the negative energy that does nothing but drag you down.”
“If you really want to see the power of the customer, just give them a bad experience”
“Confession of a bankrupt company’s CEO - "I saw the change coming, and then I ignored it.”
“Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying basic fundamentals.”
“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
“Your success as a leader for your employer is not about how many of your organization's training programs you have taken but how you lead your team(s) towards productivity, profitability, and service quality, even if this is not recognized by your employer at first for, they will in time even if you have moved on!”
“Many of the advances that we make in the battles that we’re fighting today will be evidenced in the battles that we won’t have to fight tomorrow.”
“Taking the decision is relatively easy, but taking responsibility for our decisions calls for bravery.”
“Undestination (The Sonnet) I gave up my country in your love, I gave up my home for your sweetness. I stand at your door without identity, Will you take me in and fill my emptiness! I've sailed my ship towards undestination, Let the waves take me where they may. Embracing the unknown I became a pal of all. Come out my friend from your cage of dismay. Come with me, and we'll explore all impossibility. If we must be awful let's be awful together. Let us lose all maps and walk around as vagrants. Why worry, when we have each other! To hell with destination, let us savor the journey! Before success and achievement, let us first have unity.”
“It is said that there are four kinds of horses: excellent ones, good ones, poor ones, and bad ones. The best horse will run slow and fast, right and left, at the driver’s will, before it sees the shadow of the whip; the second best will run as well as the first one does, just before the whip reaches its skin; the third one will run when it feels pain on its body; the fourth will run after the pain penetrates to the marrow of its bones. You can imagine how difficult it is for the fourth one to learn how to run! When we hear this story, almost all of us want to be the best horse. If it is impossible to be the best one, we want to be the second best. That is, I think, the usual understanding of this story, and of Zen. You may think that when you sit in zazen you will find out whether you are one of the best horses or one of the worst ones. Here, however, there is a misunderstanding of Zen. If you think the aim of Zen practice is to train you to become one of the best horses, you will have a big problem. This is not the right understanding. If you practice Zen in the right way it does not matter whether you are the best horse or the worst one. When you consider the mercy of Buddha, how do you think Buddha will feel about the four kinds of horses? He will have more sympathy for the worst one than for the best one. When you are determined to practice zazen with the great mind of Buddha, you will find the worst horse is the most valuable one. In your very imperfections you will find the basis for your firm, way-seeking mind. Those who can sit perfectly physically usually take more time to obtain the true way of Zen, the actual feeling of Zen, the marrow of Zen. But those who find great difficulties in practicing Zen will find more meaning in it. So I think that sometimes the best horse may be the worst horse, and the worst horse can be the best one. If you study calligraphy you will find that those who are not so clever usually become the best calligraphers. Those who are very clever with their hands often encounter great difficulty after they have reached a certain stage. This is also true in art and in Zen. It is true in life. So when we talk about Zen we cannot say, 'He is good,' or 'He is bad,' in the ordinary sense of the words. The posture taken in zazen is not the same for each of us. For some it may be impossible to take the cross-legged posture. But even though you cannot take the right posture, when you arouse your real, way-seeking mind, you can practice Zen in its true sense. Actually it is easier for those who have difficulties in sitting to arouse the true way-seeking mind that for those who can sit easily.”
“If you know how to sell you can survive.”
“Success Is Not About Your Time, Your Timing.”
“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“The only person you need to justify your actions to is you. If you are convinced about your dreams, you need no other endorsement. Justification is given only when there is an element of doubt and any doubt, whether yours or someone else’s, can jeopardize dreams and relationships.”
“Relentless spirited people do not see failure as a final destination, but an inspiration to keep striving until success is reached.”
“My dreams are worthless, my plans are dust, my goals are impossible. All are of no value unless they are followed by action.”
“Discipline may be a tricky but at the end of the day, it's believing that you can achieve your goals and dreams that will get you closer to them.”
“ it is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.”
“If not now, when?”
“Stop overestimating, thinking that you have all the time in the world. In fact, you don’t have time for most of what you think you have time for.”
“Arrogance is the reflection of protection and privileges.”
“Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.”
“If I have succeeded better than many who surround me, it has been chiefly - may I say almost solely - from universal assiduity.”
“To win an argument, rely on logic. To win in life, question logic. If you’re not willing to often take actions that don’t make much sense, having a mediocre life will make perfect sense.”
“It's not about having more time, it's about maximizing the time you already have.”
“Proverbially, Success has many fathers but failure is often an orphan.”
“Never again will I underestimate the greatness inside of me just because of the hate and limited thinking inside of others.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Eighty percent of success is showing up.”
“Priority means to precede and proceed.”
“Your success is your responsibility, nobody else's.”
“Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.”
“What the fertilizer does to the germinating plant is what happiness does for a depressed soul  What anger does to a person is what an acid does to its container!”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.”
“If your intention is to uplift the people around you, you will always find people around you who are willing to uplift you”
“Healing comes to the soul through the power of connection. Our connection with God is our connection to healing—spirit, soul, and body”
“Decide what you want to be . Pay the Price   And be what you want to be.”
“Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.”
“Rest tomorrow, or rest tomorrow? Winners and losers chose the same words, it's the difference in the meanings that makes the difference.”
“What do you stand for? Define your principles and allow them to serve as benchmarks as you reach toward success.”
“Slinky Principle - You always get paid for how hard you work, but it's not always right away.”
“As Aristotle said, 'Excellence is a habit.' I would say furthermore that excellence is made constant through the feeling that comes right after one has completed a work which he himself finds undeniably awe-inspiring. He only wants to relax until he's ready to renew such a feeling all over again because to him, all else has become absolutely trivial.”
“Embrace the struggle, for it molds you into the person you are meant to be.”
“(Ulrich, 100 year old Bulgarian man): in Solo, by Rana Dasgupta "Ulrich has sometimes wondered whether his life has been a failure. Once he would have looked at all this and said yes. But now he does not know what it means for a life to succeed or fail. How can a dog fail its life, or a tree? A life is just a quantity; and he can no more see failure in it than he can see failure in a pile of earth, or a bucket of water. Failure and success are foreign terms to such blind matter." (p. 160)”
“Every morning brings hope and every night brings results.”
“Singapore has found a way to provide cost-effective quality healthcare for its citizens with superior outcomes as 25% the cost of the US and 40% the cost of Europe. Israel has created a start-up ecosystem to rival Silicon Valley. Finland and Singapore consistently rank among the highest in PISA scores although their spending per pupil is among the lowest of OEDC nations. Zwolle, a town in the Netherlands, makes roads out of recycled plastic which are cheaper, last longer and are environmentally friendly. The Dutch pension system is the envy of the world. Swiss citizens passed a law to limit their congress’s ability to impose obligations on future generations, eliminating the moral hazard of elected officials engaging in “buy now, pay later” policy enactments. Ireland, once among the poorest nations in Europe now ranks among its most prosperous. Through its “Citizens Assemblies”, Petri dishes used to form political consensus at the ground level on sensitive matters such as abortion and gay marriage, it has morphed from one of the conservative societies to among the most liberal. New Zealand has just introduced ‘naked vegetables’, requiring produce in supermarkets to be sold without plastic packaging.”
“Since when is failure more appealing? Never give up.”
“Beliefs that are aligned with truths usually bring happiness, and vice versa.”
“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
“If it is Technology, Don't Give Up”
“Do ordinary things extraordinarily well.”
“No other success can compensate for failure in the home.”
“It’s worth stressing that wealth and success are never the top motivators for geniuses. Most geniuses have ended up in poverty, obscurity and failure. Genius has its price and that price is normally the total blank incomprehension, or even active contempt, of the world. A genius is invariably an outsider, rebel and revolutionary. All new ideas threaten the Old Order, and the Old Order is never interested in losing its power and prestige. The currently rich and successful do not want to open the doors to their own replacements. They’re not stupid. Geniuses never get along with the Old Order. After all, geniuses are here precisely to change the Old Ways.”
“Rise or fall doesn’t matter, if you've helped a few people.”
“Everyone needs to have their own measure of what ‘winning’ means to them.”
“If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.”
“Being busy is easy, but being productive takes intention.”
“Philosophy, art, politics, religion and bohemia have never sought to do away entirely with the status hierarchy; they have attemptee, rather, to institute new kinds of hierarchies based on sets of values unrecognised by, and critical of, those of the majority.. They have provided us with persuasive and consoling reminders that there is more than one way of succeeding in life.”
“You don't believe that your friend could ever do anything great. You despise yourself in secret, even – no, especially – when you stand on your dignity; and since you despise yourself, you are unable to respect your friend. You can't bring yourself to believe that anyone you have sat at table with, or shared a house with, is capable of great achievement. That is why all great men have been solitary. It is hard to think in your company, little man. One can only think 'about' you, or 'for your benefit', not 'with' you, for you stifle all big, generous ideas.”
“Do not fear failure. Dare to fail in order to find ways to succeed.”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.”
“Success comes in a lot of ways, but it doesn't come with money and it doesn't come with fame. It comes from having a meaning in your life, doing what you love and being passionate about what you do. That's having a life of success. When you have the ability to do what you love, love what you do and have the ability to impact people. That's having a life of success. That's what having a life of meaning is.”
“Whatever you do, do it with purpose. Being focused is not something to be ashamed of. It is something to be proud of. When you know what are you are doing and have a clear vision of where you are going, you will not need to chase opportunities. Opportunities will seek you. Happiness will chase you. And, instead of being a choice, you will be the one choosing.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.”
“The stronger, greater, and more successful a person becomes, the more vulnerable and susceptible to moral failures. It comes with the territory, the higher grounds are also more visible and the target even from far.”
“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
“If you know where you want to go in life, people tend to help or get out of the way. Both of those are useful.”
“Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.”
“The difference between Success and failure is not giving up.”
“Show me a person who is consistent in his or her undertakings; I will show you somebody who is always on top in every aspect of life. I can guarantee that it will be the same person.”
“Those who love you, will love you despite your occasional cockups. Those who hate you, will hate you despite your evident triumphs.”
“Your intentions are important, as they are the basis upon which your desires then your success are built.”
“The moral I draw is the artist should seek his reward in the pleasure of his work and in the release of the burden of his thought; and, indifferent to aught else, care nothing for praise or censure, failure or success.”
“Steer your wheel right and the ship shall assail across the ocean to the pearl you search…”
“He is the only option for better living.”
“Business is not about hard negotiations. It's about mutually exploring a point of intersection where both parties find their objectives meeting.”
“Connecting with others gives us a sense of inclusion, connection, interaction, safety, and community. Your vibe attracts your tribe, so if you want to attract positive and healthy relationships, be one! Staying connected and getting reconnected feeds the flow of goodness which empowers our humanity.”
“Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.”
“As a teacher who was also a runner, becoming a coach of runners was a natural thing to do.”
“Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.”
“Your courage will lead you to places where your comfort zone cannot take you.”
“I've had great success being a total idiot. ”
“Communication happens only between two logical people.”
“To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”
“What breathing is to life, change is to evolution.”
“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure. ”
“Dear Fellow Human Being, You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed! Tell yourself, You do not deserve this! All those toxic words you have to listen from people, All those fears they try to pin on your mind, All those giggles they aim at your dreams, All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality, All those fingers pointing towards your crude character, All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations, All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free, Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it. My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility. You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“Visionaries don't focus on festivals and weekends, they focus on achievements and goals”
“When you're humble, people tend to be more forgiving with your failures. I've learned to just be humble and keep my ego tamed. This gives me the freedom to live transparently without fearing what people will think about my failures.”
“I haven't failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that don't work.”
“Mastering a foreign language opens doors to exciting career opportunities, expanding your professional prospects and enhancing your marketability.”
“Ideas are birthed everyday, many die on the road Inspirations come and go.. But only actions can bring forth results and re-actions!”
“There's no doubt in my mind that you will be successful, one way or the other. If not with this, there will be something else. None of us know where life will take us, but you're making sacrifices and working hard for your dreams. As long as you stay true to those dreams, keep them at the forefront of your mind, you're moving in the right direction. At least that's what I tell myself.”
“People can become rich by loving money but people can become billionaires and legends by not loving money.”
“That's success: being happy with your life.”
“Possession is an illusion of capitalism. As humans, we don't possess anything; we simply consume and move on.”
“There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them. Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence.”
“Anxiety can only expedite your stress, not your success.”
“Cultivate your curiosity. Keep it sharp and always working. Consider curiosity your life preserver, your willingness to try something new. Second, enlarge your enthusiasm to include the pursuit to excellence, following every task through to completion. Third, make the law of averages work for you. By budgeting your time more carefully than most people you can make more time available. Does the combination of curiosity, enthusiasm, and the law of averages guarantee success Indeed it does not   Success in the final analysis always involves luck or the element of chance. Louis Pasteur grasped this well when he said that chance favors the prepared mind.”
“Devotion is very necessary to achieve something big, without complete dedication towards one thing no one has ever achieved anything big in their life.”
“When faced with tough choices, don’t forget that you have the power to decide for yourself.”
“Individual Desirability / Aggregate Desirability = Your Desirability Ratio The higher a relationship’s Desirability Ratio, the more stable a relationship will be. If a relationship’s Desirability Ratio drops below one for either partner, the relationship becomes very likely to dissolve. To put that in other words: When your partner is much more desirable to you than their “league” would suggest, and when this dynamic is mutual (i.e., each partner values the other more than society on average values that other partner), your relationship will be uniquely stable. However, if either partner values the other less than that person would be valued on an open market, the relationship becomes unstable.”
“So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.”
“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
“Every entrepreneur faces mediocre moments or points in their careers when they are not meeting their goals. What they do in response to these shortcomings is what either leads them astray or guides them to success.”
“To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great.”
“When opportunities knock on your door, don't wait too long to decide because when you take too much time, the decision will be made for you — typically, this will not be to your benefit.”
“Success in this world depends on knowing exactly how little effort each job is worth distribution of energy ”
“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
“Books are freedom and democracy, reading has always been key”
“Success isn’t always about triumph. It’s about carrying on, continuing the battle. Even the fight can’t be won.”
“Patience is a virtue not a vice.”
“It was not only okay to be my weird self, leading with my uniqueness might actually be the key to my success.”
“You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.”
“When the actions becomes frequent than the words, success becomes heavier than the dreams. Do more, say less.”
“Knowledge Sharing Platform for Sustainable Growth & Business Success”
“The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.”
“Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.”
“Prove value first; Prove value always.”
“Mindset plus skillset creates the master.”
“Success is all in your head.”
“The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.”
“Yesterday's unsuccessful people who never give up are successful today”
“The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.”
“The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.”
“Learn to learn. The way I see it, it's much more important to be a good learner, than to know it all.”
“Wipe out all concepts, myths, traditions and theories of destiny from your mind, and forge your destiny yourself.”
“Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”
“Timing is everything, if you wait for the right time, time will leave you at the same place.”
“Success is essentially an exception, and Successful people are often loners.”
“When the efforts made to accomplish it are blinding, success is visible.”
“It had evidently not occurred to her as yet that those who consent to share the bread of adversity may want the whole cake of prosperity for themselves.”
“Be confident in your approach to success in having a better future. Take risks, try new things, become diligent, and find new techniques because in the end you will develop a compelling emotional element.”
“Success is like an umbrella. It has wires of faith holding it together. It has no meaning if there is no rain.”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“The phrase "it's better to be lucky than good" must be one of the most ridiculous homilies ever uttered. In nearly any competitive endeavor, you have to be damned good before luck can be of any use to you at all.”
“Trust in your abilities, and don't be afraid to take bold steps forward towards the life you envision. With every step you take, you'll discover a new level of strength and resilience within yourself.”
“Identify your top three goals and demolish the number one obstacle. Stay laser-focused and fiercely determined on your objective, and success will be yours for the taking.”
“Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“It only takes one step towards a dream for possibilities to open up — stay focused on that goal no matter what gets in your way!”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority; it's about earning respect.”
“Lack of entitlement drives small nation’s success: they expect to adapt to outside forces, so they do.”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“Don’t go around boasting about your achievements. Success is only as grand as someone else think it is.”
“Healthy life is an asset that will give you few extra hours to achieve your goals”
“No other ethnic group has even come close to matching the abilities and accomplishments of Jews.”
“Happiness doesn't change you. Pain does.”
“Widespread distrust imposes a kind of tax on all forms of economic activity It constricts and raises the cost of transactions.”
“A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“Amplify the positive energy and subdue negative energy through the power of your perspectives.”
“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success.  ”
“In the desire to control others, we lose control over ourselves.”
“The greatest power, even in today’s world, comes from the human mind”
“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“When you've succeeded, you'd say: 'Indeed I'd to go through those hell before fit into all of this happiness.”
“The simplest secret to success is to cross the limits that often come your way!”
“Achieving goals doesn't have to be hard - be gentle with yourself, focus on progress, not perfection, and keep the faith.”
“Two dots on a graph can be identical, but they still have different coordinates.”
“It doesn't matter you can fulfill your dream or not but dream as big as you want.”
“There is a price to pay for what you wish to possess.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.”
“Some people are winners even after losing because they run for happiness, while others run for wealth, fame, success, praise, revenge, or greed.”
“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
“Many students fail examinations not because they don't know anything but because they lack confidence to prove that they know anything or everything.”
“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
“Leading with vulnerability is tough, but it’s essential to establishing a strong team dynamic.”
“Some people won’t be able to digest your words.”
“Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.”
“Dreams come true not because you are rich in money, but because you are rich in persistence.”
“The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!”
“Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ”
“For the rest of history, for most of us, our bright promise will always fall short of being actualised; it will never earn us bountiful sums of money or beget exemplary objects or organisations . Most of us stand poised at the edge of brilliance, haunted by the knowledge of our proximity, yet still demonstrably on the wrong side of the line, our dealings with reality undermined by a range of minor yet critical psychological flaws (a little too much optimism, an unprocessed rebelliousness, a fatal impatience or sentimentality). We are like an exquisite high-speed aircraft which for lack of a tiny part is left stranded beside the runway, rendered slower than a tractor or a bicycle.”
“Do not look down with disdain on what Christ spent so much to achieve for you.”
“Nothing succeeds like success.”
“You don't need to go running from pillar to post looking for what God looks like.”
“We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“The color red is known to have expansive energy. Consider the famous Target logo with its red target symbol, as well as McDonald’s for its widespread usage of red in its signage, restaurants, packaging, and clownish icon. In fact, many top brands globally use only the color red in its name and logo, including Coca-Cola, Oracle, Honda, H&M, and Budweiser.”
“Make progress every day, no matter how small it may be – execution builds momentum that can help you reach new heights!”
“Failure are given power, not success ..”
“It's true that life is short and time is fleeting, but if you can stop to appreciate how precious it is, you'll find that time is the most precious measure of true wealth!”
“Don’t just manage; go extra mile and win your race. Never give up the fight. You will win.”
“Remember other people are just as important in the universe as you are. Their desires are as important as yours. Their viewpoint is as important as yours.”
“Without enthusiasm then what we have surrounded ourselves with becomes worthless.”
“We all have our youthful follies, embarassing to recall -- but people somehow find it hard to dismiss as a youthful folly anything that has happened to be a financial success.”
“Success requires not a previous preparation since it depends on luck and insight, and both are timeless; thus, such planning can't be a guarantee and warranty for success.”
“Don`t allow ignorance to further enslave your destiny.”
“I couldn't do no yodelin', so I turned to howlin'. And it's done me just fine.”
“Readiness is the recipe for success. How ready are you for the oncoming technological tsunami?”
“True leadership is not about commanding authority, it's about earning respect.”
“The reason that success boosts confidence is that it changes your brain’s production and receptiveness to testosterone and dopamine—two chemicals that increase the impulse to try it again.”
“Should-haves solve nothing. It's the next thing to happen that needs thinking about.”
“If you don't care about your customers today, your customers won't care about your company tomorrow”
“Courage is the key that unlocks the door to new possibilities.”
“Limitation yield to discipline.”
“Building a successful career is a long-term endeavor. In many cases, it will depend not just on your talent and hard work but also on the positive connections that you make with other industry professionals and on the realization that your own success is rooted in your ability to help others first.”
“Researchers investigated people who exercised, and found that those who wore red had higher average heart rates and could lift heavier weights, indicating they were working harder than those wearing blue. While both groups reported similar rates of exertion, those wearing red clothing had better performance.”
“You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.”
“It takes a lifetime to build a name, and yet one day is enough to flush it down the toilet.”
“I strongly recommend all young entrepreneurs to invest in NFTs”
“Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise.”
“As the earth yearns for rain, so does our clime yearns for MEGA leaders”
“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
“Don't wait for success to find you; instead, identify the skills and knowledge you need to achieve your dreams. Pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you exceed your wildest expectations.”
“Life is the dance between your wildest dreams and deepest fears - so take a chance! Don't let fear hold you back.”
“The world runs on emotions and fear.”
“The people who will achieve the greatest success are those who seek the help they need throughout their lives, not in heaven or in others, but in themselves!”
“Success comes the way when u start ur day early.”
“The library is full of stories of supposed triumphs which makes me very suspicious of it. It's misleading for people to read about great successes, since even for middle-class and upper-class white people, in my experience, failure is the norm”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly. We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air.”
“The most successful people are also the most able to change their mindsets.”
“Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently”
“Walk if you want to, but I'm going to fly.”
“How you spend your time is how you show your love.”
“Always improving your habits and never reaching results is called “habiting.” I invented this term for all of us to rethink how we think about what gets us where and what keeps us stuck. Ever habiting is never inhabiting.”
“The purpose is to get across; change horses mid-stream if necessary.”
“Moods can be contagious. Don't catch or spread a bad mood.”
“The speed of your success is limited only by your dedication and what you're willing to sacrifice”
“Own your flaws, and don't let anyone else make you feel inferior. Recognize your awesomeness and set a powerful example for those around you!”
“The world needs you to have a profitably operational business to continue to deliver your impact, serve your client, and make the product.”
“Invest your energy in the things you can control.”
“Celebrate the process! Let's face it - reaching our goals can be hard, and if we don't recognize and appreciate each small step along the way, we might not make it through. So instead of becoming overwhelmed by the big goal ahead, let's focus on each moment and celebrate every tiny success that brings us closer to where we want to be.”
“Excuses are merely nails used to build a house of failure.”
“So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.”
“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
“In Catcher in the Rye , the protagonist Holden Caulfield mentions reading books that make him wish he could be friends with the author and be able to call him on the phone and so forth. I would consider a literary work that made someone feel this way a success. Furthermore, it’s the only kind of success in literature that means anything to me.”
“If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Success is about taking the right action at the right time”
“The hardest part of any important task is getting started on it in the first place. Once you actually begin work on a valuable task, you seem to be naturally motivated to continue.”
“Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. ”
“Shugyo is the way The goal: better, not perfect Practice and have fun [According to the author, noted earlier in this magnificent picture book, "shygyo" means "training like crazy."]”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”
“Great entrepreneurs are the jack of all trades, master of some.”
“Don't try to discuss your great idea with average people, you'll always be disappointed.”
“No fall is failure till you accept it as the end.”
“Your cousin Albert told me that, in business, they call this a pivot. But life is filled with them, too. The most successful people are also the most able to change their mindsets.”
“If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
“Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.”
“I felt sure we could gain the upper hand by putting ourselves in the mindset of the Incas.”
“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages 1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree. 2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5. 3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.” 4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank. 5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13. 6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14. 7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15. 8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil. 9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19. 10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961. 11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936. 12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 23 13) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 24 14) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record 15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity 16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 28 18) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world 19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter 20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean 21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind 22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest 23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream." 24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight 26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions. 27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon. 28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" 29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas 30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger 31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States 32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out. 33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games" 34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out. 35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa. 36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president. 37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels. 38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat". 40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived 41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise 42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out 43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US 44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats 45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
“If you consider your life to be happy and successful, then it is exactly so. If you view your life as unhappy or as a failure, then you are right about that. Fortunately or unfortunately, you can never be wrong on this matter.”
“Other studies reveal that when we wear black, aggression increases and that feels powerful. Researchers examined the statistics of more than 52,000 National Hockey League games and discovered that teams were penalized 10.2% more for aggression when wearing their black uniforms. In hockey, teams usually have two colors of jerseys and switch them for home and away games. When the teams wore a different color other than black, their penalties dropped overall.”
“When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.”
“Indecision can be a slippery slope. Take care with each step and move forward confidently.”
“Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.”
“It doesn’t matter what’s coming at us. God defeated it before it ever left wherever it was coming from.”
“Every moment has a window of opportunity Sometimes we’re just too blind to see it But that doesn’t make it any less real Or less likely to become a valid truth”
“One of the best ways to ensure your habits remain satisfying over the long-run is to pick behaviors that align with your personality and skills. Work hard on the things that come easy.”
“Grander the dream, steeper the climb.”
“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
“The greatest test you will ever face is mastering yourself.”
“Their war maneuvers excluded shame.”
“Society, Relatives, Guilt, Haters, Fear, Ego: they are all stepping stones to success. Don't ever give up and don't ever stop believing in yourself. Go Get Your Goals, Dreams, and Desires.”
“No one appreciates anonymity as much as those who have lost it, and you only get to lose it once.”
“You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.”
“My favorite thing to do is to make things come into existence. whether it's a book, an idea, or an invention”
“I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. ”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank or through the followers that you have Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“For some people, their fear to lose is greater than their desire to succeed, so they end up doing nothing and their dreams become impossible.”
“Stop just cheering for others who are living their visions. Commit yourself to your own success and follow the steps required to achieve it.”
“Make your purpose a reality. Align your actions with your purpose towards who you want to be.”
“Firestarters aren’t born lucky. They manufacture it.”
“It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”
“If Mike convinces a woman to date him because he is dominant, the resulting relationship will be entirely different than if he had inspired this same woman to date him by convincing her that, through dating him, she could improve herself (though such dynamics might be ameliorated through therapy). One of the core reasons why people either end up in one bad relationship after another—or come to believe that all members of a certain gender have very constrained behavior patterns—is that they do not understand how different lures function (in male communities, this often manifests in the saying “AWALT,” which stands for “all women are like that”). These people do not realize that the lure they are using is creating those relationship dynamics and/or constrained behavior patterns. Talking with individuals who say guys or girls always act like X or Y feels like talking to a fisherman who insists that all fish have whiskers. When you point out that all the lures in his tackle box are designed specifically to only catch catfish, he just turns and gives you a quizzical look saying, “what's your point?”
“Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.”
“The most successful people are full of enthusiasm. There is an unmistakable fire in their eyes. They speak and act with passion.”
“Embrace failure and use it as a chance to become even more courageous and powerful!”
“Being at the top of the world also meant being alone. But it was a welcomed loneliness, a happy solitude.”
“Speaking another language enhances your problem-solving abilities, as it encourages you to think creatively and find alternative solutions.”
“In life, we always rise or fall to the standards we set for ourselves - Set high standards.”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“Setting boundaries isn't about keeping people out, it's about protecting the energy you allow in.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“Momentum is the "it" factor in life. If you want success build momentum.”
“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
“We are grounded, but the Earth is not. It’s hanging in the middle of the universe but still supports us.”
“Success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal”
“If the thrill of adventure is a turn on And you hold admiration for intelligence with zeal Then you may have found your swan In a Bosnian woman that helped you heal”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“Focus on small wins to reach big achievements – use momentum generated by execution as the fuel for success!”
“Stress is a part of life and getting rid of stress is an art of life.”
“INTENT reveals desire; ACTION reveals commitment.”
“We love the pending future for its mystery, anticipation, and endless possibilities. But remember: how the future unravels is largely an up-to-you thing.”
“Don't let the thing you fear most control your life! Remember, your fear of it is only an illusion - if you choose to confront it, you can break free from its power.”
“Success is a road travel not a destination reached.”
“Good life is not a sprint. It’s an exerting marathon of purpose, passion, patience and perseverance. It’s the road where faith and hard work meet. It is an unusual love adventure between success and failure. It is where truth is a belt and integrity a shield. It is knowing your lane, staying on your lane and running your own race. It’s a road loathed and less traveled by most men.”
“Take it easy; success takes its own time to take shape. It can't be expedited by anxiety.”
“Why do we so desire fame? Because we desire to matter.”
“When you have a choice, take your time and make the right choice because if you make the wrong choice, you will have no choice.”
“Only you can change you, you are the reason to be who you are”
“Ambitious people never care about competition”
“In the depths of struggle, we discover the true strength that resides within us.”
“People need to make simple things complicated for their egos.”
“Time is the most precious of all resources. It cannot be stored or saved. It cannot be bought or sold. Each precious moment must be used to its fullest or its value is lost forever.”
“We are so scared of losing everything that doesn't mean anything.”
“She looks embarrassed, sitting on that stool, to be who she is now. She seems pained by all the compliments Muriel's colleagues are giving her. Success rests more easily on men.”
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”
“Success doesn't come without failure, and I've experienced it firsthand. I've stumbled and failed time and time again; but with each fall, I've found a new way to climb back up, learning from every experience and growing in the process.”
“Becoming financial free should be your first and foremost goal when you are starting your career”
“Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up Lonley.”
“You are always one decision away from victory or defeat.”
“May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.”
“If you lose today, try tomorrow, if you lose tomorrow, try one more time, try again and again till you win because that is the only way to win big in your life”
“The greater your success, the greater the forces that will try to confine you.”
“Fortune sides with him who dares.”
“You're no more than an ant to me, and do you remember every one you step on?”
“God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.”
“Seekers of wisdom, seekers of life.”
“As long as you remain consistent in taking small steps forward each day, it won't be long before you're powering through projects with greater success than ever before!”
“Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.”
“I've come to the conclusion that true success is living by your values.”
“Live life on your terms, make decisions based on facts and not on opinions, and blaze your own path.”
“Every time we walk, we displace one foot. If a simple act like walking requires displacement, how can we imagine evolving and not getting displaced from our present state? ”
“I did not have a crystal ball to predict my future success, but I had proof from my past efforts. For now, that was enough.”
“Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!”
“Those who reach for the Sun, usually drop the world.”
“As much as I would really like to have saved myself heartache, embarrassment or gossip, I also know that my biggest mistakes have turned into my best lessons. And sometimes my greatest career triumphs. If my life had been turbulence-free, maybe my music would be beige, maybe the stadiums wouldn’t be full and the mantle would be a little more empty.”
“Your frequent failures are the result of your persistent bad habits and undisciplined life.”
“At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.”
“For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them”
“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
“You know you made it, when people you know, tell people they know, that you know them.”
“You have succeeded in life when all you really WANT is only what you really NEED.”
“Language learning cultivates a sense of curiosity, encouraging a lifelong love for exploration, discovery, and continuous learning.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Please celebrate your wins. No matter how small it appears, bask in it and applaud yourself.”
“Learn to adapt. Things change, circumstances change. Adjust yourself and your efforts to what it is presented to you so you can respond accordingly. Never see change as a threat, because it can be an opportunity to learn, to grow, evolve and become a better person.”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“Today is the only day in which we have any power.”
“success is not fatal, failure is not a easy road to walk down”
“You must always be prepared. Opportunities do not schedule appointments.”
“ Define success as something achievable. For myself I define success like this: Did I try? Did I give my time? Did I never give up? All of which are very easy to do. Do not put success in things or outcomes.”
“I was free with every road as my home. No limitations and no commitments. But then summer passed and winter came and I fell short for safety. I fell for its spell, slowly humming me to sleep, because I was tired and small, too weak to take or handle those opinions and views, attacking me from every angle. Against my art, against my self, against my very way of living. I collected my thoughts, my few possessions and built isolated walls around my values and character. I protected my own definition of beauty and success like a treasure at the bottom of the sea, for no one saw what I saw, or felt the same as I did, and so I wanted to keep to myself. You hide to protect yourself.”
“There will be ways from the lowest to the top, so don't ever get discouraged by feeling left behind ”
“Dragging yourself into the past is not the answer to the uncertainties of the future. Instead, align your mind with the present to move into the future.”
“Accepting unmanageable imperfections is a sign of a perfect attitude. ”
“Fear gets feverish, attain such height. Haters go blind, burn so bright. Courage isn't absence of fear, courage is to overcome fear. Birds get jealous, fly to such heights.”
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavour.”
“The more you try the more it comes closer, If you do not believe, try it! Try once!”
“Beating the competition is relatively easy. Beating yourself is a never-ending commitment.”
“Potato is still a potato but with time this world has changed so make sure you are not a potato.”
“The best thing you can do is delay gratification.”
“Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.”
“Strength and success - they are above morality, above criticism. It seems, then, that it is not what you do, but how you do it and what you call it. Is there a check in men, deep in them, that stops or punishes? There doesn't seem to be. The only punishment is for failure. In effect no crime is committed unless a criminal is caught.”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“To gain momentum for growth, keep adding moments of success achieved - however small.”
“Successful people wants to achieve the peaks to keep them open to any choice of life. It's not easy at all.”
“When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.”
“It’s a shame how much artists have to bleed for people to enjoy their work.”
“to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
“When you become a mystery, you are on your way to making history”
“What dreamers can dream in 30 seconds, people take 30 years to achieve.”
“Don't be afraid of taking risks or stepping out of your zone of comfort, because that is often when amazing things happen.”
“No loss should ever be viewed as a failure.”
“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
“Success is not dependent on luck - it starts with personal leadership and the power of intention.”
“People should focus on becoming more knowledgeable and disciplined rather than earning degrees.”
“High achievers need to realize that no matter how much you prepare, setbacks are inevitable - but it's only by learning from these failures that we can achieve true success.”
“Don't prioritize your schedule, schedule your priorities.”
“Your dreams are your dreams and you do have every right to live them to their fullest. If your dreams are conflicting with someone else’s dreams and your relationship, there is always an opportunity to build bridges.”
“Busy bees make honey, but productive bees make a hive. Don't just buzz around; create something that lasts.”
“What you perceive as a failure today may actually be a crucial step towards the success you seek. Never give up.”
“Watch it! Arguments can be sports for someone.”
“Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.”
“I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
“The more time you spend in planning, the less time you will take in execution.”
“Nobody will be there for you in the making, but everybody will be there in the taking.”
“Dare to Be When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. Dare to be the best you can – At all times, Dare to be!”
“You have to take your own bold approach, and if you do you will be rewarded with success. Or calamitous failure. That can happen too.”
“Languages are bridges that unite people from different backgrounds, fostering tolerance, empathy, and global harmony.”
“Success isn't a one-man show; it takes advice from those who have achieved it to get there.”
“You can't be big without taking big risks”
“The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.”
“Success without failure is like joy without sadness. You cannot truly appreciate any win without hardship.”
“Again, we are reminded that life is precious… fleeting. Let’s endeavor to live this amazing life to the fullest. Let’s have the courage to pursue our dreams…To unapologetically cultivate a personal environment conducive to our growth, by nourishing healthy relationships and starving the toxic ones. Let’s laugh at the little nonsense that used to anger us and let go of the grudges that used to weigh us down. Let’s help each other. Let’s show our unquestionable love to the special people in our lives. Let’s squeeze this experience for all it’s worth. We are so blessed to be here, NOW… Let's not throw away another day of this beautiful precious life.”
“My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.”
“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
“Be careful, especially if you are a good liar. You will lie to everyone .Lie about everything . You will end up lying to yourself. Don't get too comfortable in telling a lie.”
“One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.”
“Failing at what you love doing isnt failure”
“The key to succeeding in anything in life is the ability to go from challenge to challenge, setback to setback, bad day to bad day, hardship to hardship, and failure to failure without punishing yourself or losing your enthusiasm to keep going.”
“Take action! An inch of movement will bring you closer to your goals than a mile of intention.”
“Once you decide to do something with a burning desire for success you have already achieved your success.”
“Your profit margin does nothing for the client. The guilt you might feel about your high profit margin is merely about you and will only make you resist selling.”
“Success is determined by how best you can utilize your time”
“If you're happy, have found love, are surrounded by good people, doing what you like, and giving back to others, that's success . Selling your soul for a buck is not work the real price you pay. . .”
“Success is a poor teacher”
“Much of the wisdom I have gained was gained through failure. I have failed an insane amount of times. And I've probably failed at everything it's possible to fail at. I've failed in every category of life - from family to money to business to marriage and more. I've had small failures, big failures, and even disastrous life-altering failures. I've even failed at some of the same things multiple times before I learned the lesson I needed to learn. I've had failures that cost me personally, failures that cost my family and friends, and even failures that cost a lot of people I never met. But with every failure, I gained new wisdom. And all of this failure has allowed me to cultivate success.”
“If obstacles are large, jump higher.”
“Do you consider yourself a nobody? What weight does that label even have? It’s a silly label. As silly as the label 'somebody'. Silly and non-adhesive. First off, to be thought of as a nobody someone has to be thinking of you in the first place. Second, being a so-called 'nobody' doesn’t make you irrelevant. We are all relevant to somebody else but unfortunately, we can lose sight of our most germane and important relationships when we chase the approval of people we don’t even know.”
“FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“They will want you to succeed, but never more than them.”
“The person who finds answers to old questions is intelligent, the person who finds new questions is curious, but the person who finds the answer to new questions is a visionary.”
“Art has two dimensions. Creative skills and creative intelligence. When both come together, a masterpiece is created.”
“You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.”
“Try to turn as many soft, aspirational goals as possible into success criteria, and make them specific enough that you can actually tell whether or not you've met them.”
“Instead of seeing failure as shameful, view it as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and determination.”
“You gotta know when to cut your losses, and how to turn them into lessons. Once a lesson is well-received, your loss becomes tuition and your liability becomes an asset.”
“To earn more, you must learn more.”
“The success zone and the comfort zone are not in the same place.”
“Failure is not an obstacle; it's a necessity.”
“Once you bid farewell to discipline you say goodbye to success”
“The truth is, you can’t sustainably force life. You must let what is meant to be, unfold. You must do what feels good and makes you come alive, that’s how you thrive.”
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.”
“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”
“Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.”
“Every century offers some great opportunities to build a new world”
“The roughest roads often lead to the top.”
“Leaders who listen twice as much as they talk are the most successful.”
“In a war between customers and the company, customers might lose the fight due to the difference of powers, but the company is the ultimate loser.”
“You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.”
“Be a life-long learner. Whether you are seeking to achieve peace and harmony, learn a new technology to do your work faster, or design a strategy to blow your competitors out of the water, retraining is a pivotal way to strengthen your knowledge and realize your goals”
“The biggest lesson of my life – self-respect comes from respecting others; it is a two-way street.”
“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
“People who can't handle failures or can't live like ashes, they choose wrong path in their life.”
“Being rich makes you lose interest in a lot of things.”
“Sometimes the shortest journey that you envisioned or planned can take longer than you thought.”
“You are successful if you are able to work on the kind of material that you want to - if your life conforms to your dreams, regardless of outside acceptance or acclaim.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear; you will reach your destination.”
“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“The journey of entrepreneurship is not a sprint, it's a marathon. Success comes to those who can maintain their focus and determination over the long haul.”
“Do you know what is an important part of the sport for me? It is giving an opportunity to myself to play it, what is your?”
“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
“Setting boundaries does more than just make you feel empowered, it sends out a message to the universe that you know your worth and won't settle for anything less than respect.”
“Beware of those who criticize you when you deserve some praise for an achievement, for it is they who secretly desire to be worshiped.”
“The words you use in your communication will determine the chances of your next meeting with the person.”
“I want you to have success and still have time for family and friends and relaxation and fun. I want you to be there for your kids, they need you. I want you to have a happy relationship with a partner who wants the same things you do.”
“I have failed more than a hundred times in different things in my life but the only reason I am successful is that I do not stop myself from trying one more time.”
“Dare to dream bigger and unlock the power within, because there are no boundaries that can hold you back.”
“What people don’t see is that behind most every talented person who has become a massive success is a daily schedule of grind, hours of suck, and a whole string of difficult, lonely moments working on the tiny details that will get them where they want to go.”
“No matter how loud the sirens or how numerous the hazard signs, we all touch the flames at least once to prove they're hot.”
“Success relies on your capacity to cooperate, ability to regulate your emotions, capacity to delay gratification, and capacity to focus your attention.”
“Stop waiting for permission to be great. Own your power, and unleash your full potential. You are the BOSS of your life, and it's time to start making executive decisions.”
“Being a high performer is like being an elite race car, speeding past the competition with ease. But even the best cars need to make pit stops to recharge and refuel. Take the time to rest, re-energize, and focus on self-care, for it's these moments of rejuvenation that will give you the strength to cross the finish line and win the race.”
“Fearless people always achieve limitless success.”
“Focus on your goals until your goal becomes your reality”
“True success is a silence inner process that can empower the mind, heart and soul through strong aspiration for great achievement.”
“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
“The sprint is like life   blink and you miss it.”
“The things that people would call success have not given me more joy, peace, or security on the inside. (…) the joy is not in the role, the joy is in the responsibility.”
“You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.”
“Obstacles are opportunities in disguise. Stay motivated, stay productive, and hold yourself accountable for your success. With every challenge, you grow stronger and closer to your goals.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Every battle is first won in the mind.”
“If you want to be a big-picture thinker, you will have to go against the flow of the world. Society wants to keep people in boxes. Most people are married mentally to the status quo. They want what was, not what can be. They seek safety and simple answers. To think big-picture, you need to give yourself permission to go a different way, to break new ground, to find new worlds to conquer. And when your world does get bigger, you need to celebrate. Never forget there is more out there in the world than what you’ve experienced.”
“Gratitude is the power to connect with the cosmos and harness its energy.”
“Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!”
“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.”
“People in this world are always ready to invest in you, not on your idea, so make sure you are a successful business, not just your idea”
“The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.”
“Don't be fooled by the noise, don't let the crowd define who you are. Strength comes from within – knowing you can navigate through life's uncertainties and standing strong even when it feels like everything is against you.”
“Knowledge is an endless resource for success in life, develop the art of learning something new every day in your life”
“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
“Knowing who we really are means to know the big picture, and to act accordingly.”
“Patient is the key. When you get stressed, stop, then; take one step at the time. Day-to-day, success will develop itself.”
“We cannot reach the pinnacle except by taking advantage of the abilities we have and acquiring those that we do not.”
“Love strengthens soul connection and is the key to the success of all meaningful relationships”
“Your daily product determines how far you go”
“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”
“Time. The one important thing that I believe is more powerful than even God.”
“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
“When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.”
“Learn to nullify anything that tries to mess with your mind.”
“In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. ”
“Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.”
“Your life, your rules. Don't let anyone else write your story. Be the boss of your own life and set your boundaries high.”
“Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.”
“There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?”
“Focus on what really matters and watch as the fog clears. Opportunities will appear where you least expect them.”
“Direction becomes important when standing at the crossway. Walking in random directions will not lead to the destination.”
“Having clarity about the destination makes the journey more beautiful.”
“The higher the profit, the more you can reinvest in the company to grow, make a bigger impact, and keep some abundance for yourself, too.”
“the old maxim  "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! Impudence!”
“I am making it in life because God said so.”
“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
“You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.”
“You have had many successes, and you have earned the right to be respected.”
“When we are making love, we are transmuting sensual energy into human experience, not only for pleasure but to stimulate creativity, wellbeing, and success in all areas of life.”
“If you want to give yourself a fair chance to succeed, never expect too much too soon”
“Stop chasing people and start doing what you are capable of doing in this world and let them be your followers instead of friends and partners”
“Success belongs to those who dream big and focus on what matters most.”
“Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.”
“You will find the key to success under the alarm clock.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“You must be a lionhearted human to succeed in the world we live in today, not as a fraudster, yahoo plus or armed robber, but as someone who is determined to create the life he wants for himself through legitimate means.”
“Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.”
“Sustainable success isn't a one-time achievement, it's a lifelong journey of intentional action and growth towards a fulfilling life.”
“Small wins lead to a big mindset shift - from 'I can't' to 'I can'. Celebrate them all.”
“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!”
“A player may lose in the beginning of the match, may fail too but at the end he will be the one holding the best experience to start it all over again and win the match next time.”
“You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you have to overcome to reach your goals.”
“The reality is that we become successful in this world by working hard at something that comes easily to us, and that engages us.”
“Confront your fears head-on and watch as they become stepping stones toward your goals.”
“She began to burn herself again. She found release in the pain; it was comforting, familiar. It was a trade-off she was well used to. Success required sacrifice. Sacrifice meant pain. Pain meant success.”
“Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.”
“The recycled bricks of the past will not create a robust building for the future. We need new approaches to construct the future.”
“The true measure of success is how many times you can bounce back from the failure.”
“The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends chiefly on two words, industry and frugality: that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and with them everything.”
“No amount of reading or memorizing will make you successful in life. It is the understanding and application of wise thought that counts." -Bob Proctor”
“Your dream is your decision, Your destiny is your decision.”
“Behind a life of influence you will find a masterful storyteller.”
“Arrogance reflects in our work when we irrationally start believing in our decision. ”
“Being inefficient is not a compulsion, it is a conscious choice.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“Happy people produce. Bored people consume.”
“If you can think and imagine the future, you can create the future”
“Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.”
“Success is not to discover what others like, it is to acquire and practise the skills that help one gain their love.”
“A cup can only hold so much water. The planet can't go out of its orbital path, the sun can't move from its position, and possibly the universe, too, has its boundaries. Everything in this universe is restricted by its limitations. The only thing that can work in infinite dimensions is the human mind.”
“The rest will fall into place, because true wealth and true happiness are reserved in this world for the people who are willing to risk it all in order to capture it. (p216)”
“Fear kills many dreams”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Our initial negativity comes from the outside, but it multiplies when it comes in contact with the negativity that already resides within our minds.”
“I rather now strive to reach rather than wait to receive!”
“Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy, To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!”
“Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.”
“Understanding why you got success or failure is more important than any success or failure.”
“God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.”
“We’re all on our own journey, so never forget to love yourself enough and make every moment count.”
“Living up to people's expectations limits your potential. You'll find they are unreasonably high or set so low you should consider it an insult. Be your own "bar"; decide how you'll reach your goal. Then no one can lay claim to your success. Don't worry about meeting the standard when you are the standard”
“Nebraska made it almost impossible for critics to miss Springsteen's willingness to take a chance in the name of his art. If Springsteen was driven simply by fame and mainstream success, there would have been no good reason to make or release a Nebraska. The album made it impossible to use the word "sellout.”
“Energy and focus do not come with success and wealth. Success and wealth come from having energy and focus.”
“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
“Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.”
“I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.”
“As soon as someone drivers their attention from any team to ask, "How am I doing?" he takes his concern and energy from the task and shifts them to the question of his own adequacy or deficiency. The best motivation for doing a job well is the satisfaction of doing it.”
“Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.”
“Success is a great deodorant.”
“Another study verifies that we go into resonance with the energy of what we wear. In a study published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, researchers gave doctor’s lab coats to subjects who were not doctors and asked the subjects to perform a series of complex tasks. Those wearing the doctor’s white lab coats made significantly fewer mistakes than the subjects wearing their street clothes.47 This seem to imply that the energy of doctors was transferred to the volunteers.”
“Your emotional energy is a function of what you are trying to extract from the present moment — perfection or happiness? ”
“6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break: 1. Stop stressing 2. Stop worrying 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down 4. Lighten up 5. Forgive yourself 6. Forgive others”
“Life is all about the decisions we make and the habits we keep. Don't be fooled into thinking that your future is decided by someone else - you have control over your destiny.”
“No matter how complicated life may seem, clarity will help you find the path forward — it starts with trusting yourself!”
“When you give appreciation IN ORDER TO get something– it's manipulation and people can sense it. Appreciate genuinely.”
“Keep your vision clear, stay committed to your beliefs, and always lead with integrity. The rest will fall into place.”
“The question we need to ask ourselves is: what is success to us? More money? That's fine. A healthy family? A happy marriage? Helping others? To be famous? Spiritually sound? To express ourselves? To create art? To leave the world a better place than we found it? What is success to me? Continue to ask yourself that question. How are you prosperous? What is your relevance? Your answer may change over time and that's fine but do yourself this favor – whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that would jeopardize your soul. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be, and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Don't depend on drinking the Kool-Aid – it's popular, tastes sweet today, but it will give you cavities tomorrow. Life is not a popularity contest. Be brave, take the hill. But first answer the question.”
“Fall, fall and fall again, to fall without stopping is rising.”
“Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.”
“In life, we always rise or fall to the standards we set for ourselves - Set high standards”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“The personality of the leader penetrates into the company’s culture. Longer the leadership, the deeper the penetration.”
“The only thing we ever have less of is time." - Jill Reid | Discover Your Personal Truth”
“Success is a bitter fruit: sooner or later, what you have created turns against you, becomes your torment.”
“You are granted opportunity, through no effort of your own and that you therefore do not deserve, that has been granted to only a tiny fraction of those who have ever lived.”
“Those who keep sitting idle and waiting for miracles to happen cannot be a part of the process and hence, their ideas never get any closer to reality.”
“It all starts with a tiny, stupid idea, then one thing leads to another, and suddenly, you find something amazing: yourself.”
“Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.”
“Enlightenment is like quantum tunneling - when everyone sees walls and barriers, enlightened one sees infinite possibilities.”
“Live your life as if every day is an adventure.”
“We spend 80% of our efforts perfecting 20% of our work. Perfection boosts your ego, not your happiness. ”
“Procrastinators are addicted to immediacy. If it doesn’t have to be done now, they’ll do it later. No one is more productive than a procrastinator with an impending deadline.”
“Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment  Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.”
“Society, Relatives, Guilt, Haters, Fear, Ego: they are all stepping stones to succes. Don't ever give up and don't ever stop believing in yourself. Go Get Your Goals, Dreams, and Desires.”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“Success doesn't mean victory. If someone is successful, it is proof that he has struggled a lot, and worked very hard.”
“Check the polarity of your mind filters; they should be filtering in the positive energy and filtering out the negative energy.”
“Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day's success.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Success is Simple, not Easy”
“The single most important way to achieve the outcomes you desire is  deeply connecting with people! We can accomplish very little alone, but we can accomplish dreams together.”
“If you don't work on your dreams no one else will work on your dreams.”
“Eyes on ambition, feet on the ground. Hands on heart, and mind unbound.”
“Your happiness is directly proportional to how much you enjoy what you have today.”
“Don’t be afraid to be the best that you are meant to be.”
“If you are not good at providing good customer support then you are not good for anything in the business world”
“Everything is a part of a process in this universe. Failure too is part of the process called success.”
“Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.”
“There is no secret ingredient”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“If you drop your beliefs, you drop your success. God's mighty people begin to fall even as achievers when they begin to drop the beliefs they pursue at first.”
“Small wins lead to big victories! Let's celebrate each milestone on our journey to success.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“Action-oriented thinking leads to lasting change - set yourself up for success by committing to executing your plans with purpose.”
“Success, after all, loves a witness, but failure can't exist without one.”
“It is said we learn more from our failures than our successes.”
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”
“Success isn't a zero-sum game. It's not about choosing between your dreams, your health, or your relationships. You can have it all by staying true to yourself and working hard.”
“How mindful are we about self-conversations?”
“But maybe people don’t want fantasy, they want to feel they’re in control, that they’re playing by rules they understand and that it’s possible to win.”
“Outbound in the sales always creates doubt in the mind of buyers even if you are selling diamond crown for free.”
“Interacting with different people will produce different energies even when discussing the exact same topic. (A x B = Y, A x D= Z The energy produced is different when we replace person B with D)”
“In those things toward which we exerted our best endeavors we succeeded.”
“The lesson of Buffett was: To succeed in a spectacular fashion you had to be spectacularly unusual.”
“Success is not important. It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.”
“There will always be naysayers, but instead of focusing on what they feel, do what you feel is right. I feel that strong self-belief is the first stepping stone towards success and achieving your dream.”
“Then what is good? The obsessive interest in human affairs, plus a certain amount of compassion and moral conviction, that first made the experience of living something that must be translated into pigment or music or bodily movement or poetry or prose or anything that's dynamic and expressivee--that's what's good for you if you're at all serious in your aims. William Saroyan wrote a great play on this theme, that purity of heart is the one success worth having. "In the time of your life--live!" That time is short and it doesn't return again. It is slipping away while I write this and while you read it, the monosyllable of the clock is Loss, loss, loss, unless you devote your heart to its opposition.”
“Those who focus and work hard are already halfway to success.”
“I'm not here to be something you want me to be, I'm here to be something that I want to be”
“A peaceful life is not always a perfect life.”
“The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication. ”
“If you never fail short term, you'll never succeed long term.”
“Success goes to the ones who do. Get up. Show up. Throw up if you have to. Do it afraid, but do it no matter.”
“Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.”
“The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His presence.”
“It’s not where you live your life; it’s how you live your life that matters more.”
“Have you found someone to share your heart with? Are you giving to your community? Are you at peace with yourself? Are you trying to be as human as you can be?”
“He who has more money or possessions than you is not necessarily happier than you, happy more often than you, or happy like you.”
“Do not let your good ideas to spend your brain energy, do it with all the effort because the shadow of the success can become a reality only with hard work.”
“Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." ”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“No one can attain success in life without self-discipline”
“Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty. Be that lotus flower always. Do not allow any negativity or ugliness in your surroundings destroy your confidence, affect your growth, or make you question your self-worth.”
“Have nuts and be nuts.”
“The next time you spot failure, touch it. Sniff it. Hold it in your hand. Look closely. You might find within it a speck of success.”
“If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.”
“An average person with average talent, ambition and education can outstrip the most brilliant genius in our society, if that person has clear, focused goals.”
“Embrace your quirks, own your flaws, and flaunt your fabulousness. Being true to yourself is not just a trend; it's a lifestyle.”
“I can say confidently that the extra time we spent slowing down to uncover the necessary truths was ultimately a faster path to a large and successful business.”
“I've made plenty of mistakes in my day, but one thing I've learned is that you never have to make the same mistake twice.”
“Success is counted sweetest by those ne'er succeed.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
“If you produce negative thoughts, you create a life full of junk.”
“Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.”
“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
“Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.”
“It's very easy to trigger someone's anger: just enter his domain and start offering him unsolicited advice.”
“Success is not a momentary event; it's an ever-evolving journey. #HighPerformanceCoaching”
“If you have a great product and you don't know how to market it, you don't have a product.”
“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”
“The line between failure and success is so fine. . . that we are often on the line and do not know it.”
“Many good opportunities are ruined for the dream of slightly better ones. Would you have a more successful career if you had taken that other job or moved cities? Possibly. But your actual career will definitely suffer if you don't commit to doing it to the best of your ability. Would you be 10% happier in a different relationship? Maybe. Maybe not. But you'll definitely be unhappy in the one you have if you spend all day thinking about what else is out there. The surefire way to end up worse off is to agonize over unchosen options and fail to make the most of the one you selected. Every minute spent yearning for your unlived lives is a moment you can't invest in the one you actually have. Choices matter, but so does your level of commitment.”
“Success is not determined by the outcome. The outcome is the result of having already decided that you are successful to begin with.”
“I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”
“Patience and persistence. Only the determined succeed.”
“Don't let anyone's opinion of you define who you can be. Life is too short to worry about what other people think. It's your life, so own it!”
“If you want to advance, you must act”
“The power of influence lies within each person, allowing them to build something beautiful and impactful when harnessed correctly.”
“Do you talk to yourself?  It is during self conversations that we craft our attitude, make decisions and even conclude the results of our races before we even run them.”
“Fail often to succeed sooner - accept the possibility of failure, and use it as fuel to reach your goal.”
“Success and failure, ultimately, have little to do with living the gospel. Jesus just stood with the outcasts until they were welcomed or until he was crucified — whichever came first.”
“Success is the decision to commit in giving up your own soul to the Journey that you are about to start.”
“Never underestimate the power of a dream and a solid business plan.”
“The secret of achieving something in life is to take a stand on what you believe. Unless you take a stand for yourself things will standstill no matter what.”
“You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.”
“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
“You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.”
“I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate.”
“Stop Being Incremental! If your system no longer delivers the results you want, don’t go for incremental changes, instead go for complete transformation.”
“The past has no future, but every future has its past”
“Either go left or right. You can't move in two directions at the same time.”
“Success is the best revenge.”
“There is a reason why there is no course in any university on common sense. It cannot be taught. ”
“No matter how small you start, always dream big.”
“Learning a new language broadens your horizons, revealing diverse cultures, traditions, and perspectives that enrich your life.”
“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.”
“The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.”
“Mountaineering gives me strength to keep moving in life irrespective of how many failures comes in my path. What is your source of passion and strength?”
“Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.”
“Book of Destiny (The Sonnet) The book of destiny is the being, Who doesn't believe in destiny. The epitome of victory is the one, Who doesn't care for victory. Victory and destiny all are born, Of the sweat and blood of the determined. Annihilate the self for a purpose, And you'll be the icon of universal uplift. You don't fall by falling at someone's feet, You fall by climbing on top of others' head. You don't rise by being superior to others, But by losing sense of high 'n low divisiveness. Mark me well, human is neither person nor species. Designation Human is the highest of all responsibilities.”
“when we’re experiencing difficulties it’s also important to remember that the struggles won’t last forever and that the goals we set mattered to us for a reason.”
“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
“Carole Lombard made me believe that anything is possible if I just put my mind to it.”
“We are pathfinders on a mission, Beholders following the Light, Runners gunning for the prize and Fighters remaining focused You have been described, do not accept any other description!”
“Don't forget who you are and what you stand for - you are the boss of your life, and no one can cross your boundaries unless you let them.”
“One person's success doesn't take away from your own.”
“The noble-minded worry about their lack of ability, not about people’s failure to recognize their ability.”
“Taking care of your mental health empowers you to take on any challenge that comes your way - no matter how unexpected.”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
“Materialistic success is a lonely place.”
“Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.”
“I suppose the secret of his success is in his tremendous idleness which almost approaches the supernatural.”
“Dreams do come true, vision can be made reality, success is possible and achievable.”
“And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“As the sun sets, visibility decreases and uncertainty increases. Vehicles on the road slow down as they climb the mountain on a pitch dark road. However, evolution works the other way around. As the technology moves on a steep exponential curve, technological developments increase their pace despite the uncertainties.”
“Your failures are your assets, make sure you remember it when you fail and especially when you are trying to succeed”
“To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.”
“Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. ”
“…never settle for trying to be less than the best.”
“Success has one cause: hard work. Failure has a thousand.”
“If you fail a hundred times you will see that you are more successful than most of the people in this world.”
“My journey doesn't end until I win, so make sure you're either with me or in hell”
“Last night as I was sleeping, I dreamt -- O, marvelous error -- That there was a beehive here inside my heart And the golden bees were making white combs And sweet honey from all my failures.”
“Banks are not there to park your money Banks are there to borrow money to build wealth.”
“In business success, you need 3 things, working hard, patience and determination, and most importantly, serve before you sell”
“Don't count your steps. Make your steps count.”
“To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.”
“Working hard is often the difference between success and failure, but is also a rewarding pursuit in itself.”
“Time management is all about making smart choices. So forget the hustle and grind, and take control of your choices - it's the key to success!”
“America is a success. It is the people who refuse to grow and change with the country’s needs that fail her experiment.”
“It is true that success is the most boring thing, it is tinny and brittle, failure runs deeper. Success is dangerous. I have a very complicated relationship with that word.”
“Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.”
“Language has such power over the human mind. If one learns to use language wisely, one would be successful in all one’s ventures.”
“You attract good things into your life by believing that you can achieve them. Never get into a mindset that makes you think that you are not worthy of a goal. Visualize the goal in your mind. And believe that you are capable of achieving it.”
“A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failures certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“The greatest winners were once losers”
“Staying focused and disciplined is a rare quality of being successful”
“Growth comes from pushing yourself and taking risks - stand firm in your resolve, and accept the journey with grace.”
“If people's think you are mad because of your activities then congrats because you are doing the something which they can't even imagine.”
“Not all successful people are spiritual but all spiritual people are successful.”
“Focus on your skills and strengths and your problems and challenges will disappear”
“We live in a system that espouses merit, equality, and a level playing field, but exalts those with wealth, power, and celebrity, however gained.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“It is extremely easy To get caught in the trap Of expecting good things To fall into our lap”
“Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.”
“Oh I know darling, it's nothing but money in New York.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”
“Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.”
“Start your journey with your first step and people will follow in your footsteps”
“Two types of choices seem to me to have been crucial in tipping the outcomes [of the various societies' histories] towards success or failure: long-term planning and willingness to reconsider core values. On reflection we can also recognize the crucial role of these same two choices for the outcomes of our individual lives.”
“You always have less time than you think.”
“Failure has its successes.”
“Physical dealers for automobile are overrated. If test drive is less desired by consumers in the 21st century, you no longer need physical dealerships.”
“Success shuns the man who lacks ideas.”
“Winning is an event that your opponent controls. But, you do have the choice to give your best.”
“Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option?”
“Success is sweet but to achieve success, it takes strong work ethics, continuous improvement, discipline and determination.”
“You know you are achieving success with your treatments when frequent trips to doctors wane into occasional annual visits for routine check ups.”
“A world that confuses luxury with success, has absolutely zero understanding of the human condition. That's why they idolize rich and filthy celebrities with private jets and rolls royce, as some sort of demigods. If this is your idea of success, then you guys are more disgustingly primitive than the wildlife in the amazon. At least, wild animals don't pretend to be civilized. Riches maketh filth, filth pursue riches. To live a life of luxury, or to dream of a life of luxury, doesn't make us ambitious, it only exposes the moron that we are. A species that has not realized simplicity as the way of life, will never in a million years have a society without disease and disparity. I won't mince my words, and tell you straight. Wanna be a decent human being? Stay away from luxury. Because luxury is a violation of human rights, human health, and above all, human character. It's funny really! Some people can't afford two wholesome meals a day, while others live with a private airport in their backyard. Some parents work their butt off to keep the clothes on their children's back, while others shower their kids with lamborghinis and teslas. If this doesn't open your eyes, perhaps you should try lobotomy. I'm sure you can find some unlicensed surgeon somewhere who'd do it for you if you offer them a trip to the bahamas, or better yet, a trip to space in your own spaceship.”
“If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.”
“When you live abundantly and do your best in the world, you lift the tide for everyone else around you.”
“Genocide and Gummy Bears have a tale to Tell They are both Armies, each under a different Spell One professes Love, the other Evil Gummy kindness will outsmart the Devil”
“Life is simple; we make it complicated.”
“In a situation of manipulation, the Left is almost always tempted by a “quick return to power,” forgets the necessity of joining with the oppressed to forge an organization, and strays into an impossible “dialogue” with the dominant elites. It ends by being manipulated by these elites, and not infrequently itself falls in an elitist game, which it calls “realism.” Manipulation, like the conquest whose objectives it serves, attempts to anesthetize the people so they will not think. For if the people join to their presence in the historical process critical thinking about that process, the threat of their emergence materializes in revolution…One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success. This manipulation is sometimes carried out directly by the elites and sometimes indirectly, through populist leaders.”
“If you really want to invest in something today in 2021, start investing in NFTs, Crypto, Metaverse and Domains, this are hidden treasure and is going to go mainstream soon”
“Your story may not have such a happy beginning but that does not make you who you are, it is the rest of it- who you choose to be”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“Adversity reveals our true strength and resilience. Embrace it as a catalyst for growth.”
“If you're always following the crowd, you will never truly know who you are. Walk your own path.”
“Know which change you want to see in your life, plan how to make that change, and take action to make things happen.”
“Perfectionism demands slowing down from the evolution pace”
“It is a common condition of being poor  you are always afraid that the good things in your life are temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.”
“Nothing happens by overthinking; then why stress? Is it too hard to sit down and relax?”
“There is no failure except in no longer trying.”
“The cost of conflict almost always outweigh the benefit of what is being fought over.”
“On the road to success, even little stones may cause you fall down! If you are not serious and careful, forget about reaching your target!”
“If you are having mysterious sickness for years that doctors have had little success in treating, an intestinal parasite cleanse is always worth a try.”
“What Makes a Man is COURAGE! Have the Courage of Your Conviction.”
“When we start expecting more from ourselves and less from others, we open the doors for happiness.”
“No guts, no story.”
“Failure is an option, not a fact.”
“Credentials are like potential energy, the compliments of a name on paper, in documents, word of mouth, but faith is like kinetic energy, the motion and the force that which is witnessed. Hence in the end it is the faith rather than the credentials that really takes you places.”
“To elevate our human experience, we translate the material into its spiritual essence. This way, we will find that supply and everything else we need is available in its most profound sense. We will also find that it will not tend to turn sour. •	Home is love, peace, and nurturing. •	Family is spiritual co-habitation, respect, and appreciation for another’s existence. •	Work is purpose, service, creativity, and usefulness. •	Money is freedom and generosity. •	Success is goodwill, energy, intelligence, and initiative. ”
“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
“Yes, all you need do is to change your orientation and have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ that He can make you whole, change your status, and add value to your destiny.”
“Fairness and justice,” Liz said, “have never been currency in particularly high regard. Graveyards are filled with the just and the unjust alike. You want to know the difference? The unjust more often achieved what they wanted to. The easiest path to success is on other people’s backs.”
“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably become as ordinary as they expect you to be.”
“Some trains stop very briefly at the station; either you get on right away or you miss the train! Sometimes what we call success is just being fast!”
“Let's face it - the only way to truly make a lasting impact is by embracing change and standing out from the crowd.”
“You can either fix it or you can get the help of others to deal with it well. There are two paths to success: 1) to have what you need yourself or 2) to get it from others. The second path requires you to have humility. Humility is as important, or even more important, as having the strengths yourself. Having both is best.”
“With sufficient competence, there's no need of flattery”
“When you focus on solving the big problems of this world, you will eventually find big solutions for those problems.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“Time is NOT money, time is something you invest in order to make money.”
“We set out to save the Shire, Sam and it has been saved - but not for me.”
“Some say if you want success surround yourself with successful people. I say if you want true and lasting success surround yourself with people of integrity.”
“How dare a person tell a woman, how to dress, how to talk, how to behave! Any being who does that, is no human.”
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way”
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
“Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly. Don't wait for calm waters that may not arrive. Derive purpose from resilience. Learn to sail the raging sea.”
“Time keeps ticking, but chances of success don’t have to pass you by. Take a leap of courage and put your best foot forward - because it is undeniably harder to fail than to never have tried.”
“Our mind is a scanning machine: What are we scanning right now? Positivity or negativity? Happiness or imperfection?”
“The destiny is ready but the path and the means to get there is yet to be negotiated, strategized and executed upon.”
“A person's success in life can be attributed to a select group of deliberate behaviors. Get them right, and success is more likely to knock on the door.”
“Your greatest responsibility in your life is to be the best version of yourself. When you feel for what the soul believes that is who you become.”
“Success means we go to sleep at night knowing that our talents and ablities were used in a way that served others.”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“There is a level of success you will attain that your enemy will succumb to become your friend.”
“Live life not to win or lose, but to realize a purpose.”
“Your life only gets better when you get better.”
“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”
“What the world doesn't tell you—because it doesn't know—is that you cannot become successful. You can only be successful. Don't let a mad world tell you that success is anything other than a successful present moment.”
“Got used to a lot of fancy life, places something has to be special to impress me.”
“Failure has been the key ingredient to my success in sports and in life. Had I not known failure, I would have continued to accept “good enough.” I might be a mediocre lawyer or athlete. Instead, I’m a two-time CrossFit Games champion.”
“If you can't grind for your dreams, you don't deserve fruit”
“Focus and don’t allow anything to shift your focus on your dreams and the life you desire to live. Challenges will be there, but don’t allow them to shift your focus.”
“So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”
“Success isn't a distant dream; it's waiting for you at the finish line of every action you take.”
“Life is uncertain; make a few things certain!' These things are: 1. Financial Stability 2. Values Adherence 3. Inner Happiness 4. Peace of Mind”
“This week I've been reading a lot and doing little work. That's the way things ought to be. That's surely the road to success.”
“When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.”
“You can do everything, this is not useful for you. if you don't believe it”
“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
“your right standing with God and your connection to Him remains your strongest defense in the day of calamity.”
“Our moral economy went bankrupt long before our financial one.”
“Your Journey to the top gets easier. You only start feeling better as you pursue”
“Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.”
“The future belongs to the competent. It belongs to those who are very, very good at what they do. It does not belong to the well-meaning.”
“Discipline is a habit in a fluid state. Fluidity allows the habit to adjust to changing circumstances.”
“You’ve got to be sure of yourself before You can ever win a prize.”
“You can become president of the country or the poor man of the country choice is always yours”
“Life is less about basking in your achievements, it is more about being at peace with your countless failures.”
“It's not easy to find love and what comes easily is not love.”
“Success the decision to commit in giving up your own soul to the Journey that you are about to start.”
“Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.”
“You can be the most talented person in the world, but if you’re not reliable, you’re going nowhere fast.”
“Inside every failure, there's a success struggling to come out.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“With one day's reading a man may have the key in his hands.”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.”
“Failure is always an option”
“If you have strong faith in your vision then get ready to fail a million times to reach your destination.”
“Some people wake up in the morning and start gathering negativity, and then they distribute it to the people around them for the rest of the day.”
“Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.”
“You are a life and you can become whatever you decide it is just a matter of time and decision.”
“There are no winners in life, just be the best loser.”
“Every failure is a chance to make things better than ever”
“Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.”
“He that is greatest among you, let him become your servant. There is a great contrast in this attitude of mind in comparison to that of the man who only wants to make a living or just "get by." "Getting by" is not true success. Man's motive must be greater, nobler, and more altruistic. He must serve others, thereby casting his bread upon the waters”
“Eighty percent of success is just showing up.”
“Successful people are successful because they never judge anyone even after knowing them completely.”
“Success and failure are two edges of the same blade, two sides of the same coin. To fear one is to forever deny the possibility of the other.”
“The empowered woman is powerful beyond measure and beautiful beyond description.”
“The taste of success is so much sweeter when the tasteless have been so nasty to you!”
“We played the main role in the doing of some things we didn’t do, by saying they couldn’t or wouldn’t be done.”
“Work hard enough and your dreams will become memories.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“Where you find the end is the real beginning.”
“The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.”
“Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.”
“Success is not a gift of luck, but a reward of diligence.”
“What are your success metrics then?" I frowned at Tola, and she shrugged. "I dunno   being comfortable in your skin, having loads of adventures, living with purpose, being happy, having good people in your life, taking risks?”
“To stay ahead in the fast and furious world, slow down and think! ”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
“Be a person that others will look for your posts daily because they know you will encourage them. Be the positive one and help others to have a great day and you will find that not only they like you but you will like you too.”
“The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”
“The success that does not humble you makes you a failure.”
“Don't mistake activity with achievement.”
“  “What’s puzzling is the sender wrote, ‘I hope this is helpful for the Tariq’Allah office in Istanbul. Stay in touch.’ Turkey does not speak Arabic. Someone wrote this cover page in Arabic.”
“Execution is the bridge between intention and result – it moves you from merely having ideas to making them a reality.”
“One who loses a million times in life definitely wins once.”
“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
“Fly, and you will never walk again.”
“There will be times in your life when things simply have to be replaced because they are tired, broken, worn out, harmful, outdated, or irrelevant. Take an inventory of the things that no longer serve your best and highest good so you can replace them with things which do.”
“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
“When you look at the world through the lens of negativity, you will find that every person around is your enemy.”
“Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.”
“Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action ..no matter what. So you're afraid? Be afraid. Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!”
“Success doesn't come to you; you go to it.”
“Think, create your desired life, and then take action to live that life to the fullest.”
“You have the power to make your own journey - be kind to yourself, and embrace the risks you take.”
“Be yourself, stand out and stop trying to fit in.”
“Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.”
“It is extraordinarily entertaining to watch the historians of the past   entangling themselves in what they were pleased to call the "problem" of Queen Elizabeth . They invented the most complicated and astonishing reasons both for her success as a sovereign and for her tortuous matrimonial policy. She was the tool of Burleigh, she was the tool of Leicester, she was the fool of Essex; she was diseased, she was deformed, she was a man in disguise. She was a mystery, and must have some extraordinary solution. Only recently has it occrurred to a few enlightened people that the solution might be quite simple after all. She might be one of the rare people were born into the right job and put that job first.”
“Time is limited and everything else is unlimited, achieving the unlimited in the limited is the real success”
“Do you want to make more money and increase your attractive mojo? In a 2012 study published in the Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Research, waitresses who wore red received 15 to 26% more in tips from male customers. In a different study, when women wore a red t-shirt, it increased a female hitchhiker’s chances of getting a ride.”
“Behind every triumph there's a thousand tragedies.”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“What is an expert other than someone whose made enough mistakes to understand how something doesn’t work so that they finally have a decent idea of how it does?”
“Paint the canvas of your dreams with the blood of your sweat. You are the Picasso of your own life.”
“You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.”
“Productivity has less to do with the number of hours you work and more to do with the additional energy you bring in the following day.”
“The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.”
“The toughest situations in life are not the ones where you face the most difficult challenges, it is when you lose the hope to tackle them.”
“A paradigm shift is not a small change. A small change is a minor adjustment in our behaviour or habits, while a paradigm shift is a complete overhaul of our way of thinking and acting.”
“This confidence may come from their parents. When they encounter a tough problem or a tough course, they plug away at it. They persevere. Their confidence makes a major contribution to their success.”
“Those who don't jump will never fly.”
“At the end, someone or something always gives up. It is either you give up and quit or the obstacle or failure gives up and makes way for your success to come through.”
“The awful penalty of success is the haunting dread of subsequent failure.”
“There is absolutely no greater high than challenging the power structure as a nobody, giving it your all, and winning!”
“Gaining sway over the world’s treasures is no longer a matter of giant armies and navies but of winning trade battles and global contests for professional talent.”
“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
“Don’t take things too personally. Critique, failures, unwarranted advice - take it to mind, not to heart. What you hear out of the mouths of others are opinions and perspectives. It’s often worth listening to opinions and perspectives, but it’s not a requisite that you take them on board.”
“The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom.”
“You can do anything if you put your mind into it”
“Great failures are only ‘great’ if we refuse to see the seeds for our greatest successes liberally planted within them. For then, failure is success that simply needs some water.”
“Obedience is mother to success and is wedded to safety.”
“The taste of success is so much sweeter when the tasteless have been so bitter and nasty to you!”
“Success and failure are parts of the same long road—take them both in stride.”
“Consistency, not gurus. Discipline, not motivation. Action, not information, is the key.”
“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
“If you work hard, and become successful, it does not necessarily mean you are successful because you worked hard, just as if you are tall with long hair it doesn't mean that you would be a midget if you were bald.”
“But just because we now desire a new kind of success doesn’t mean we know how to get it. This rising demand for a life of personalized success has run ahead of what science can deliver because the academic study of success remains stubbornly marooned in the Age of Standardization.”
“A knock down has never been a knockout unless you allow it.”
“Failure is only a detour. Attachment to our failures shows that we do not understand or we neglect the law of transition. Life is a journey all we experience takes us to the end; they aren't ends in themselves.”
“If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.”
“The general theme of those who live and create from within their Comfort Zone is: Life is intelligently designed, and everything is always working out for my highest good. All I need to do to be successful is to be myself and follow my own internal guidance. If I can dream it and claim it, I can receive it.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“Gloating is a superficial glowing, floating is an idle flowing, and bloatedness is the paralysis of blowing up; because silent movement results in loud victories.”
“How do you validate ideas whose links to the past do not exist?”
“A self-made struggling person is a lot better than the one living a fake life successfully.”
“Despite hanging in the middle of the galaxy, rotating and revolving all day and night, Earth is home to millions of creatures.”
“As leaders, how prepared are you to handle the next phase of evolution?”
“Another study showed that since 1940, the color of NCAA uniforms for teams who won was rarely black, where red was the top color for winning teams. Not only is black the color that leads to loss, it is the leading color that can result in aggression and depression — a loss in grounding and joy that is critical to true success and inner wealth.”
“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
“The law of attraction works because the driving force of our destiny is right inside us in the form of our subconscious mind. We achieve what we manifest. ”
“Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.”
“There is only one success-to be able to spend life in your own way.”
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.”
“You never know what opportunities will come your way after a failure or setback; it’s important not to give up and keep moving forward.”
“Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.”
“At the same time, we face unprecedented problems such as pandemics, global warming, aging populations and information distortion caused by social media. These are common problems and thus require shared solutions.”
“If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes success.”
“You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.”
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
“Success is a decision, not a gift.”
“If fame is a curse, successful people by definition can’t be seen. Almost every person I admire has a quiet life at home with someone they love, working on projects they love designing their life as they love.”
“Writing is really just a matter of writing a lot, writing consistently and having faith that you'll continue to get better and better. Sometimes, people think that if they don't display great talent and have some success right away, they won't succeed. But writing is about struggling through and learning and finding out what it is about writing itself that you really love.”
“Another practice that has given healthy pride a bad name is excessive praise for the smallest childhood success, from earning tokens in the classroom to the trophy glut at Little League. Many adults are turned off by this overpraise, sensing that the children are being done no favor. In fact, research has shown that many children overpraised for success end up becoming more cautious and less motivated than the kids who were praised only for their amount of effort, successful or not.”
“You are an overcomer who can overcome whatever comes your way. Stop doubting yourself.”
“The biggest problem is thinking about the problem and thinking about the solution the greatest solution”
“If I’ve granted myself a wide margin of error, I’m probably going to have a slim chance of success.”
“Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.”
“It's not the degree that matters, it's the knowledge that matters in the end.”
“Customer is not just king Customer is everything to your business you are nothing without customer”
“Language learning is a journey of self-discovery, as you uncover hidden talents, develop cognitive skills, and boost your confidence.”
“Dreams require discipline, dedication, and effort to become reality – embrace the challenge of execution and unlock potential like never before!”
“But to succeed in a creative profession, you really need to love it. And if you love it and are great at it, and passionate about constantly becoming better at it, you will find success no matter what.”
“The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.”
“Sloan knew why Renee had fallen in love with Waylan. He didn’t have to tell Sloan he’d been drinking or that he loved Renee, and yet he did. ”
“Setting boundaries is not about building walls but creating space for growth.”
“Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.”
“Sometimes success demands a certain refined insanity.”
“The biggest problem I have is I know why he has changed. What took place last night convinced me. I believe he’s been hypnotized to conduct espionage.”
“Being multilingual allows you to connect with people from different walks of life, forming meaningful relationships and nurturing a sense of community.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Social media isn’t a brand strategy. Social media is a channel. While it’s important for a brand to develop something to say, it’s more important to create something that will be heard.”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.”
“Don’t be part of the people complaining about the problem you are born to solve, instead take action to solve that problem.”
“The frustration of the customer grows exponentially. It’s best resolved at the bottom of the curve.”
“I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.”
“The fear of success and the fear of failure are not of God.”
“Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.”
“McDonald’s has toned down its bright yellow motif and radically expanded its color scheme when it announced in early 2016 that “the new look is simple, fresh, and consistent with the company’s vision to be a modern and progressive burger company.” Interestingly, it was about that time when the company decided to substitute its signature red and yellow colors that its sales began to substantially decline.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“The way to be nothing is to do nothing”
“Early success is a terrible teacher. You're essentially being rewarded for a lack of preparation, so when you find yourself in a situation where you must prepare, you can't do it. You don't know how.”
“Productivity is about focusing on what truly matters and taking inspired action toward your definition of success.”
“Perceiving failure as an opportunity to learn does not mean that you are trying to negate the consequences of your actions. It simply means that you are ready to try again, this time by using a different strategy or working on your weak points.”
“Focus on one thing and be blind for everything else so that the whole world can see you shining.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“The only guarantee for failure is to stop trying”
“Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.”
“When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!”
“Patience is not just a virtue, it is the key to unlocking your own potential. Have faith in your journey and trust that everything will unfold as it should.”
“The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.”
“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
“Your well-being is not a luxury; it's a necessity for success. Investing in yourself is the best investment you can make.”
“Success is not only dependent on understanding your own skill-set. It’s also important to recognize the talents of others and know how to profit from them.”
“The road to your dreams are littered with failed hopes.”
“Friendship is not by force but by choice. You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.”
“No one can take the shot for you.”
“Have confidence in yourself, and you will be able to face and overcome your fears.”
“If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.”
“If you don’t fear getting obsolete, you are likely to face obsolescence sooner.”
“When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.”
“Success needs vision to see, passion to transcend, patience to withstand and the character to overcome failures.”
“Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.”
“When we feel more entitled towards good things happening in our lives, we feel less gratitude.”
“Facing risks and pushing boundaries is the key to unlocking potential - don't be afraid to take a calculated leap.”
“Some people don’t care how they win. All they care about is that they win.”
“And when all the lights have gone out, such as is the case in the modern era, we must look at the brilliance which shines in far off places, and journey to it. We must bring the Grail back to The People. It is up to us to undertake a most perilous journey. Success isn’t guaranteed. But we go forth regardless. Do you have the courage to join us?”
“With honest and straightforward business principles, close and careful attention to details, and the ability to take advantage of favourable opportunities and circumstances, there is a scope for success.”
“Life itself is simple it's just not easy.”
“What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace”
“Success and happiness are what lies beyond fear. Bravery and enduring faith are what take you there.”
“Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests”
“Phantom living (and the associated phantom pain) looks like doing things you don’t have to do, but you think you do—letting life pass you by while you work day and night for success.”
“‎Determination, effort, and practice are rewarded with success.”
“Every individual has a unique frame of reference. What works for someone might not work for you.”
“I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .”
“I would rather fail than regret!”
“Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.”
“Success certainly isn’t achievement of popularity. Success in God’s kingdom is loving God, loving one another, and being faithful to what He’s called us to do.”
“Failure is the fulcrum of success.”
“. Appreciate who you are by focusing on your unique potential and talent, building on it, and acting on it.”
“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“I do not say that I shall succeed but I shall try to succeed—the effort alone will do me good—I fear nothing so much as idleness—lack of employment—inertia—lethargy of the faculties—when the body is idle, the spirit suffers cruelly.”
“You can't achieve success by avoiding struggle”
“Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!”
“There is no harm in taking a step forward if you are not standing on the mountain's brink.”
“It is okay to not know everything. It is okay to be wrong. We learn, grow, and develop from our mistakes. They become building blocks for success defined by character, humility, honesty, perseverance, integrity, hope, and most of all faith.”
“As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.”
“The type of belief in myself I had to have was met with a childlike naivety. At age twenty, I was too dumb to know that I had a snowball’s chance in hell of succeeding, but I believed in myself enough to try. I knew that if I didn’t act, there was a 100 percent chance I wouldn’t find success.”
“Imagine in vibrant detail your heart’s desire—a reality only you can envision, an adventure only you can direct. Then cradle your creation. Caress it. Mold it. Coddle it until it comes to life. And when your precious treasure grows so grand as to steal your breath away, set it free for all the world to experience. For that is how you live your dreams.”
“The tower of success stands on the pillars of vision, action, patience and the character to withstand criticisms.”
“Only you can fulfil your dreams, only you can make your dreams your reality, because only you really know what your dreams are.”
“Man is an end in himself.”
“Heart, brain and backbone, if you have these three, you have everything to succeed.”
“Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!”
“The quickest route to success is a straight line. A straight line in its purest form, is simple. We must activate the power of simplicity!”
“A person who dares to fall can quickly run up the icy stairs! When you prepare yourself for the worst, you can do the hardest things without fear and be miraculously successful!”
“Don’t be controlled by social media, learn how to get rich with it.”
“Aimlessly working towards progression will not get you far.”
“Patience is a sign of progress.”
“Burnout is real. If you want success without the hustle and grind, plan for breaks and set boundaries for yourself.”
“There are plenty of things in life beyond your control, so you have to control those few things that you are able to”
“Waiting, waiting, waiting for things to suddenly turn our way is futile. We mustn’t waste our lives (or diminish our sense of self-respect and industry) waiting for someone else to feed us our dinner.”
“Challenges will hit you unexpectedly and will tear you apart. But regardless of all that, pick up the pieces and move on with your life.”
“Success is  knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.”
“Innovation comes by the way of a thousand failures”
“When you reframe rejection in a positive way, you take away the fear associated with it and remind yourself how strong you are.”
“There is no shame in failure. Everybody who has ever lived has experienced failure throughout their life, whether they will be honest about that or not.”
“The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.”
“I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.”
“For a logical person, a brief explanation is good enough. Justification is not needed.”
“People mistake success for money but rather success is completeness and progressive perfection in every direction of life a person.”
“Reconnect to what makes you happy and brings you Joy. If there is something that used to make you happy which you have stopped doing, do it again. Seek to find deeper meaning and significance rather than living on the surface.”
“Hunger will leave your appetite full of life.”
“If you're opening a tool, and it doesn't open easy, change the way you open it otherwise you'll break it. If requires force, you're doing it wrong. Strong models are built on technique not force.”
“We should learn to smile as we fall, So much so as when we have it all.”
“The success of another Will not diminish our own We choose our seeds And how they are grown”
“The behind every act of obedience there is an open door”
“Judge your successes by the sacrifices made to achieve them.”
“She will leave you in a spellbinding trance And you will be grateful for it The magic that seems to surround her Is of a beauty that can blur”
“They will keep exploiting you by creating an illusion about Hardwork because your hard work makes them richer. Farmers are historically the most hardworking people, so why do they top the list of people who commit suicide? The fact is, your birth decides your fate, and that is pure luck. God did not give you the right to choose your parents or birthplace. Compare the fate of a child born in Afghanistan with the child of Elon musk, no amount of hard work will make him more successful than Elon's.”
“Focus on what you want and work on that thing every second until you achieve that thing”
“Every trend line is an illusion of the future and every illusion shatters one day.”
“When they encounter a tough problem or a tough course, they plug away at it. They persevere. Their confidence makes a major contribution to their success.”
“No Love Without Tears (The Sonnet) There is no love without tears. There is no diversity without difference. There is no revolution without smears. There's no justice without inconvenience. There is no development without flaws. There is no dignity without disrespect. There is no learning without falling. There is no heart without heartbreak. There is no path without the thorns. There is no pedestrian without weariness. There is no dream without the hardship. There's no determination without doubtfulness. Only those who have felt excruciating pain, Can help others without expecting any gain.”
“Success requires a perfect blend of mindset and strategy.”
“a perfect balance between body, mind and soul leads to a path that goes towards success”
“I have chosen entrepreneurship over music, singing, acting and art because there is hustle everywhere but that hustle is for your own achievements, only entrepreneurship is something where you try to make other people successful.”
“Trust in your own unique path and have the courage to follow it; faith will be by your side every step of the way.”
“Concentrate on your goals until you become highly successful and financially free, because after being successful your life will work as per your thoughts and expectations”
“Start small, think big: Believe in yourself enough to own your shifts.”
“Leaders evolve when people evolve.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“The concept of ‘work smart, not hard’ just sounds lazy with no planned end-result. Working hard towards a goal while applying smart strategy is more promising. I’ve personally found that with the greater the struggle, the greater the drive to add value and become a success.”
“Winners never quit, they keep playing until they get it right way done.”
“When you go in search of honey, you must expect to be stung by bees.”
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
“Blackrock, the world’s largest manager and custodian of Index ETFs, is now the most important owner of multinational companies. Bizarrely, our capital market system, based on wide ownership of joint stock companies, has evolved to confer ownership on a group of fund managers with no intention, incentive or mandate to act in a responsible manner.”
“Success necessitates sacrifice.”
“The people who have closed their eyes and ears to the new opportunity are the people who are actually using their brain very little.”
“Confidence isn't a destination — it's a journey, and you have the power to decide which path to take.”
“And don't forget this, if a man's a success in New York, he's a success!”
“Success begins with action – turn your thoughts into reality and make your dreams come true by putting plans into motion!”
“That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.”
“Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.”
“It's time to change our perspectives and unleash our inner strength; it starts by recognizing how capable you really are.”
“Your success lies into your thought process.”
“Run wild and free like a waterfall”
“Now it my time to thanks God openly with my rough life journey if I didnt go through in it I wouldnt speak with you here, reach things that I have right now and become person that I am when I compare my life before and after it improved a lot and I'm so greatful it make me agree that there were no mistakes on passing on those situations the thing I like the most is the person I became. Now I can boost,motivate you on your own journey I'm a best person to tell you bolde now that in patient there's success by trust and believe in God you never loose and it your arrow & sheild.”
“Don’t be afraid to make mistakes – just learn from them & move forward stronger than before!”
“Never expect anyone's help for anything in your life, do your job and the right people will join you at the right time to add values to your vision”
“Wealth and fame may be consequences of success, but they are not success itself. You want to be great? Great. Why?”
“Successful people enjoy the journeys they embark on, irrespective of whether they reach their destination or not.”
“Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.”
“Analyze like a scientist, plot like a politician, execute like a soldier.”
“Sometimes, you have to step into oblivion, in order to paint success.”
“If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried. ”
“You are not humble, you are not teachable, and you are not trustworthy, but you want to succeed. Do you think success is a piece of cake?”
“Get rid of your negative energy to make room for positive energy.”
“To conclude, if God gives you success, use it humbly and far from revenge. If He restores you upon hard conditions, whatever you promise, keep. --- Charles I's final letter to his son, Charles, Prince of Wales, 1649”
“My strength is my ability to think differently”
“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through. I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long. This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
“Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire”
“There is no end to greed. The top is an illusion. Wealth is a moving target. We need to realize that we are following infinity.”
“Blooming late in life gives you the gift of being able to sustain your blessings, success, and foundation.”
“No matter how apart you think your life has fallen, pick up the pieces and move on. Life goes on.”
“You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject  Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)  this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire. The gesture of the amorous embrace seems to fulfill, for a time, the subject's dream of total union with the loved being: The longing for consummation with the other  In this moment, everything is suspended: time, law, prohibition: nothing is exhausted, nothing is wanted: all desires are abolished, for they seem definitively fulfilled  A moment of affirmation; for a certain time, though a finite one, a deranged interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).”
“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
“Thinking about negative situations that are yet to transpire drains our emotional energy.”
“There is no building in my town that can be built in a day”
“If it's not fun, it isn't a challenge.”
“I am unique I play by a different set of rules; I am not intimidated by anything.”
“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
“I have a bad habit of racing death and winning .”
“Every journey begins with a single step – stop waiting and start taking action TODAY.”
“Life was never about survival. For a long time, it was proposed that all living organisms shared a single purpose: to survive—but this was not the appropriate case for humans. Survival was all along but a secondary basis to man, while attendance to life was the first. One must secure something to survive for, as the cells of the straightforward body will, regardless of permission, do their job. Men do not breathe without air first around to inhale. A sailor cannot know his passion for sailing without an existing body of water. Similarly, a man can only survive if there is something larger in him that lives—not a beating heart, but a moving one. If he only “holds on,” prolonging preservation and supervising health, there is nothing in that lingering lifeform to endanger or threaten. And since no system of security can defend from death’s next play, there is no use in mortals wearing armor. The essence of chance had loitered since the beginning of time, anticipating a being who adhered to its expressions. The human priority is one’s comet.”
“Don't you have an audience? Are you upset? Stop nonsense like emotional collapse, be your own audience! Do not leave your progress in your life to the discretion and help of others, move forward in any situation!”
“Elusive success is not the same as failure.”
“One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.”
“Everyone's idea of success is unique. Of course, everyone wants to be great, but not everyone succeeds in doing so. Each of us must decide what achievement means to us.”
“Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.”
“The past answers our old questions, but the future only gives us new questions.”
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it's the courage to continue that count.”
“Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“Often the only difference between success and failure is not using Cosmic Ordering.”
“Before success comes in any man’s life, he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat, and, perhaps, some failure. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and most logical thing to do is to quit. That is exactly what the majority of men do. More than five hundred of the most successful men this country has ever known told the author their greatest success came just one step beyond the point at which defeat had overtaken them.”
“An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.”
“With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable”
“There is no progress or accomplishment without sacrifice.”
“Streamlining decision-making is not about sacrificing quality for speed, but rather finding a balance between thoughtful analysis and timely action to drive progress and success.”
“Pursue validation, they'll keep rejecting. Pursue excellence, validation comes chasing.”
“You have only one life to live - Make It Count!”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. It's not measured by the amount of wealth or recognition you accumulate, but by the obstacles you overcome and the lessons you learn. To be successful, embrace failure as an opportunity to grow, stay focused on your goals, and never give up on your dreams.”
“Desire is the catalyst that ignites our potential and fuels our growth.”
“5 Ways To Build Your Brand on Social Media: 1 Post content that add value 2 Spread positivity 3 Create steady stream of info 4 Make an impact 5 Be yourself”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“How can you succeed without your without efforts?.”
“Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you. You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.”
“God designed you to stand on your shackles.”
“Success doesn’t just happen; it doesn’t pop out on its own. Success is all about the choices you make. It’s a balancing act between what to choose and what not to.”
“It felt important to acknowledge our small successes, to stop and observe the tiny pockets of sunshine that broke up the boredom of our monochrome days and made us smile.”
“you must get the right talent and set the proper expectations. If you don’t, you will pay for the job twice—through your employees’ time and your own.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.”
“Freedom in any moment is a product of two things: the autonomy you feel and the support for autonomy that the moment allows.”
“Success can't exist unless you have execution. Your work should show progress.”
“Your mind is its own food in the appetite to success.”
“There's no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession. Talent does not exist, we are all equals as human beings. You could be anyone if you put in the time. You will reach the top, and that's that. I am not talented. I am obsessed.”
“Every time we learn a new thing, we open doors for opportunities. ”
“Where is his room?' she whispered. 'Up there, I think' replied April. Let's follow the toys.”
“The fundamental virtue of success is that it allows you to know the true significance of what it means to have the freedom to make your dreams come true.”
“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
“Your real investment for the future is not in banks but in your skills. How much are you investing in your new skills.?”
“One recipe to reduce unnecessary enemies in your life is to learn to celebrate other people's successes.”
“Never was anything great achieved without danger.”
“I realized that being a cook wasn't only about providing people with food, but rather about providing them with the feeling that they were cared for.”
“What lies beyond fear is freedom - have the courage to step forward and unlock your potential.”
“When you start to see sales as a GOOD thing, you’ll find yourself being much more excited about the sales process in ways you never thought possible before.”
“Success is more a function of consistent common sense than it is of genius.”
“A man who fails well is greater than one who succeeds badly.”
“Who shoots at the midday sun, though he be sure he shall never hit the mark, yet as sure he is he shall shoot higher than who aims but at a bush.”
“We need comfort zones, but remaining static in a comfort zone is stagnancy.”
“You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.”
“I would hesitate to use the word 'success' in the way many people do. I don't know that I would apply it to what I've done as though I have now reached the ultimate goal. To me success is a continuing thing. It is growth and development. It is achieving one thing and using that as a stepping stone to achieve something else. Success comes as you have confidence in yourself. Self-confidence is built by succeeding, even if the success is small. It is the believing that makes it possible.”
“Fear is like salt, we must know when to use it and in what quantity.”
“You mark and celebrate errors, transforming failures into successes.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine.   Thought and deed conjoined are crucial.   The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.”
“Work from the dream, not toward it. When you’re working toward goals, you’re doing everything that aren’t goals. Working from the dream creates a strategic and economic moat around your dream. You can rescue your dream from the end of a timeline.”
“Every opportunity has a different intensity of risks and benefits for different people. Choose the opportunities that fit best in your risk-benefit matrix. ”
“The most powerful predictor of self-efficacy is “mastery experience,” a posh way of saying “actually being successful.” Successfully doing something, even if just once, has a tremendous effect on your self-efficacy. The reason that success boosts confidence is that it changes your brain’s production and receptiveness to testosterone and dopamine—two chemicals that increase the impulse to try it again.”
“The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.”
“When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“If you can dream it, surely you can achieve it, provided you don’t allow anything to stop you.”
“Go ahead and pray if you want to get far ahead in your journey to success.”
“Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.”
“That night, it rained on the other dogs, who slept outside in the cold barn, which leaked. But the little dog snuggled into a warm bed beside the fire, hugged by the farmer’s children, his belly full. And as he did, the dog sadly thought to himself, ‘I could not become a dragon. I am an utter and complete failure.’ “The end.”
“Success doesn't come to those who simply dream and hope for it. It comes to those who take bold and intentional action toward their goals. It's not enough to aspire for greatness, you must work towards it every single day.”
“Play around. Dive into absurdity and write. Take chances. You will succeed if you are fearless of failure.”
“Success may not have been ‘around the corner,’ but the fact that I persisted until I was is success.”
“Make time to reflect on the impact that your habits have on yourself and others— then adjust accordingly when needed!”
“Many leaders can handle trials and trouble better than success and elevation”
“Just pick a goal and stick to it no big complicated secret.”
“Success to me is being happy, truly fulfilled, being proud of myself, and doing different things all the time.”
“An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.”
“From an acorn grows a mighty oak - don't be embarrassed, be proud of where you're starting from, because it's all part of the journey!”
“The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.”
“To reform the most important aspects of the social contract such as education, health care, environment and pensions, requires boldness and steadfastness. It takes a generation to determine whether reforms have been successful so government policy must hold its course despite changes in prime ministers and control of parliament.”
“It takes nothing to stay in poverty, but everything to break free from it.”
“Desires can be misleading. When we derive our actions from our desires, we land up in the middle of the desert lost and thirsty.”
“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift  YOU!”
“Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.”
“The success of any opportunity is a function of the strength of the person executing it. ”
“There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.”
“You have to be prepared that some opportunities will work out and others won't, and that's ok. You can’t win everywhere. The more opportunities you get, the more rejections you will receive. It's simply a numbers game.”
“Struggle is the price of success, and success is the reward of struggle.”
“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
“The only way to crush fear is by confronting it and taking action - so don't hesitate - grab life with both hands and make it happen!”
“If you have money, power, and status today, it is due to the century and place in which you were born, to your talents and capacities and health, none of which you earned. In short, all your resources are in the end the gift of God.”
“When it comes to life, if you believe in yourself and take bold risks, the possibilities are practically infinite.”
“Life will be a whole lot better if we understand what our salvation in Christ means.”
“In the evolution journey, the past has no future”
“the proof of our belief is not our circumstances but our actions”
“It doesn't matter how wealthy you may be in material things, what matters is do you know what to do with those wealth?”
“If you step on other people's necks to get rich, or barter your personal honor, then it is others who pay for your success and you can hardly call it your own. If, however, you build something that is of benefit to other people, give them an opportunity to rise with you on your upward climb, you make a contribution.”
“You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended.You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that cannot be attacked.”
“Getting lost is not fatal. Almost every time, it will make your world.”
“Working with young people and helping them succeed in this great sport were some of the best hours of my life.”
“Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.”
“Cultivate an optimistic mind, use your imagination, always consider alternatives, and dare to believe that you can make possible what others think is impossible.”
“To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch of undeserving people.”
“success awaits those who steadfastly commit to any requisite sacrifice”
“Anything worthy is worth the fight!”
“Money can't solve the real problem because the real problem is the belief that money will solve any problem.”
“You can do this, and if you can't do it today, you'll do it tomorrow. You are not a failure.”
“Invent some absolutely crazy thing in this world with your madness”
“If you feel obsessed to prove something to the world, then you'd need world attention to be able to prove it.”
“A Visionaire always takes a step back during a crisis to get out of their own way.”
“In order to be successful, you must approach the challenge with a determination to succeed.”
“Education experts emphasise the importance of PISA scores; of reading and mathematics. It is also important how a nation educates its children to become good citizens. There is no measure for this, despite its immense value to a well-functioning democracy. For centuries great thinkers such as David Hume and Adam Smith have argued that greed and self-interest drive economic progress. But new evidence show that citizens of smaller nations place less value on money for its own sake than their counterparts in larger nations.”
“In this dark age, parents also give utmost importance to the child who is most successful in life. So what can we expect from others?”
“CULTURE SAYS: Impressing the world is the currency of success. GOD HAS TAUGHT ME: Seek My approval and your best life will follow.”
“Abhijit The Useless (A Sonnet) At school I didn't even know the term neuroscience, Yet today I'm a symbol of neuroscience and psychology. As a kid I never even dreamed of becoming a scientist, I just wanted to observe the underpinnings of reality. After high school I failed my medical entrance exam, Yet to the world I am a vessel of ethics in medicine. I chose CS Engineering instead but soon dropped out, Yet today I am the epitome of responsible engineering. Failure and success are eternally entangled, Masses fear them while legends feast on failure. I never felt the urge for academic validation, Yet today I'm regularly cited in Springer. I never studied science in the pursuit of grades, I accidentally became a scientist by doing science. Grades and degrees are shortcut to social validation, But when you are a pioneer pushing the frontiers, all mortal validation turns null and void.”
“Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it”
“Trigger a thought in your mind, thereafter, your mind will create continuity.”
“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?”
“You have a chance to win till you stand after every time you fall.”
“Some people are not mad at you; they're mad it's you.”
“The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.”
“If every moment is a pearl, are you a pearl gatherer or a crusher?”
“Collaboration and partnership are all based on trust, if you can win the trust of a person then you can have them as a partner to invest in anything”
“Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.”
“Change the way you view things and you'll be presented with new opportunities to create the life you've always dreamed!”
“The strength of every individual is the grace for great work.”
“I was 40 years old before I became an overnight success, and I'd been publishing for 20 years.”
“Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.”
“Change resistance is inversely proportional to our energy levels. The lower the energy, the higher the resistance”
“Isana felt her throat tighten. "We failed." Serai lifted her chin and patted Isana's arm firmly. "We have not yet succeeded. There is a difference.”
“Holding yourself back from greatness in sales is a selfish act. It’s about choosing comfort over conversion.”
“Don't call yourself discouraged anymore;it's no longer your name.”
“Life is a canvas. Paint it with colors that bring you joy.”
“To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.”
“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
“You have to see your dreams very clearly in front of your eyes before your dreams come true”
“No dreams are beyond building.”
“When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.”
“Adversity Quotient author Paul Stoltz compares success with a mountain. Only climbers get to the top. The campers, those who get part of the way up and decide to stay where they are, will never feel as alive or as proud as the climbers. As the philosopher said, it takes courage to grow up and to achieve your full potential.”
“Creativity is the brain's invisible muscle -- that when used and excercised routinely -- becomes better and stronger.”
“In an increasingly knowledge-based world, the nations which can attract and hold the most knowledgeable workers will be the most successful.”
“I hate comparisons, because people never compare fairly. People never count the struggle, hard work, sacrifice .When comparing. They only count what is good for them. They only count success, benefits and celebration.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Whether you try too hard to fit in or you try too hard to stand out, it is of equal consequence: you exhaust your significance.”
“If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.”
“To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid - one must also be polite.”
“When you dwell within the land of the dead it stands to reason you'll end up smelling of decay. You are who you're around.”
“Just do without any thought, and there will be no competition for your simplicity, truth, and perseverance.”
“Keep giving. Don’t stop planting. Whatever grows, then great. Whatever dies, take little notice. If you plant enough, then the things that die or are stunted pale into insignificance next to everything else which has flourished. Use failures and flops as learning devices. Keep moving forwards. Keep investing yourself, your money, your time, and everything else you have to offer. Trust your own destiny, but don’t imagine that your destiny will destine on its own. Without you and your effort, your destiny won’t lift a finger.”
“All of us lose every day in so many ways, there are no exceptions. Losing does not reflect our values but how gracefully we handle failure does.”
“The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.”
“Most people fail because of their surroundings and the people they choose to be around in their lives.”
“Individuals who achieve durable, frequent success are optimists. They shake off their doubts and know in their heads and in their hearts that in the long run, they are going to be successful, they’re going to have great careers, everything will fall into place, and wonderful things will happen to them.”
“We all see the same thing but interpret it differently.”
“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.”
“No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.”
“Make sustainable changes today to set yourself up for a successful tomorrow. #OwnYourShift”
“Build great relationships with people by giving them joyful experiences so that you can live a joyful life with those great people.”
“Knowledge is very vital in life`s transformation and transition”
“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
“Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.”
“Failure is constructive feedback that tells you to try a different approach to accomplish what you want.”
“No matter where you come from, but you can make your own path where you want to go to.”
“If you are not working for your dreams today, make sure you are working for something better than your dreams”
“Success is not something to wait for, it is something to work for.”
“There is nothing quite like the feeling of accomplishment at the end of a hard workout or race.”
“People who found something to live and die for always live in the hope of success. They never allow doubts to create distances between them and their harvest time. That is also their decision.”
“The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.”
“Compete like you cannot fail.”
“I have not failed 10,000 times. I have not failed once. I have succeeded in proving that those 10,000 ways will not work. When I have eliminated the ways that will not work, I will find the way that will work.”
“The most important heritage I received from my father is my jealousy for my country and my sincere love for my king. We can only succeed as Moroccans if we learn to be proud of our identity and to be responsible for the development of our country.”
“The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.”
“Your greatest successes in life will often come from assisting others in their endeavours.”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank. Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“People only buy people so if you can win someone's trust you can win their everything.”
“Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.”
“The secret to success is constancy of purpose.”
“If you dare to make a momentous change to your life, love everyone and let go of all expectations. Lavish self-nurturing all over yourself each day. Fill yourself with the love and affection of nature. Feel sovereign and successful just as you are and watch how the Universe honors you wholly.”
“The greatest failure in life is not trying at all. Dare to chase your dreams.”
“How critical it is to stay focused on Jesus Christ.”
“Today is the day you can take a risk, tomorrow may be the day you are at risk.”
“You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.”
“We kept nearly bumping into each other, unavoidably. I wished we could stop avoiding each other long enough to agree to avoid each other properly.”
“The mind is the only machine in the whole Universe that can produce its own fuel. Only humans can produce infinite emotional energy from mind-generated thoughts.”
“True success is exiting some rat race to modulate one’s activities for peace of mind”
“All the success of the world lies in the freedom of your soul and peace of your spirit.”
“I don't know where this pressure came from. I can't blame my parents because it has always felt internal. Like any other parent, my mother celebrated the A grades and the less-than-A grades she felt there was no need to tell anybody about. But not acknowledging the effort that ended in a less than perfect result impacted me as a child. If I didn't win, then we wouldn't tell anyone that I had even competed to save us the embarrassment of acknowledging that someone else was better. Keeping the secret made me think that losing was something to be ashamed of, and that unless I was sure I was going to be the champion there was no point in trying. And there was certainly no point to just having fun.”
“They have optimism and confidence. Because they are optimistic and confident, they react to setbacks not by getting discouraged and giving up, but with persistence. Their attitude is, “I’m not playing well right now, but when I put it all together [or our team puts it all together], I’ll really be something. I can beat anybody.” Because they persist, they get better. Because they get better, they experience success. And that success reinforces their optimism, their confidence, and their respect for their own talent. That’s the virtuous circle.”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“Be so good they can't ignore you”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“Maybe you are and maybe you aren't. A lot of perfectionists think they're driven by success when what they're really driven by is the avoidance of failure-two very different animals.”
“Focusing on our strengths makes us unique; focusing on our weaknesses makes us average.”
“Fortunate are those who take the first steps.”
“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
“It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.”
“Everything loses relevance in the rapidly changing world, including time.”
“Those who bank with God can never go bankrupt.”
“But man's duty is to try and endeavour, success depends upon chance and environments.”
“Across the globe, these and other small nations are driving a quiet revolution towards progress. As such, they are the laboratories of the world, arriving at the future first.”
“Failures make you humble, they make you realize that you are not the center of the world, proving that we are all alike, and they also shower you with wisdom. That’s why I have always been a great fan of failures as they offer you more than success can.”
“The good thing about a plan is that you know what you're going to do, you get things done and you always know what's next.”
“The condition and characteristic of an uninstructed person is this: he never expects from himself profit (advantage) nor harm, but from externals. The condition and characteristic of a philosopher is this: he expects all advantage and all harm from himself.”
“Becoming big in this world is the hardest journey which is not for everyone”
“No man succeeds without faith. Whether you call it religious faith or label it something else. I don't feel anything worthwhile is accomplished without it. When you believe there is a Supreme Being guiding the destiny of this universe and that within each of us there is a little part of that Being, then you will have faith in yourself, in your country, in that Supreme Being, and in humanity itself.”
“If you are afraid of failure you don’t deserve to be successful.”
“The best teachers I’ve met are the ones who use life experiences and explorative practices in order to expand minds. Without free-thinking, unconventional educators, I would never have been able to succeed.”
“To Succeed, you must reach for the stars, and let your imagination find its own path”
“Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.”
“Boost your productivity by focusing on the tasks that truly matter, working with intentionality and purpose, and continuously seeking new ways to optimize your workflow.”
“Habits can be good as well as bad. Even good habits can turn bad as the dimension of time changes.”
“Look forward to the future you desire and not backward at the past you did not want to have.”
“It’s not so much that a person wins, but that they refuse to lose that results in success.”
“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
“Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.”
“The road to success is paved with mistakes. * * * You don't have to be perfect to be your best. * * * Sometimes, failing your way to fabulous is the path to success. * * * "Turn failure into your friend!”
“Learn to recognize your value and never undervalue yourself, because the sum total of precious stones in this world cannot compare to your value as a person.”
“Sometimes I spend money on things just to entertaining my creative.”
“Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.”
“Don't worry about being effective. Just concentrate on being faithful to the truth.”
“Life doesn't always have to be about trying something new, pushing ourselves to the limit or achieving our next goal. Sometimes it's important to stop and celebrate the successes you have gained along the way.”
“If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“It's only out of reach when you choose to keep your feet flat on the floor.”
“If you want to be great, do not focus on being average.”
“Success is not just about what you achieve, but also about how you impact others. Be a leader, inspire those around you, and leave a lasting legacy.”
“Succeeding in business is no easy task, but my approach, backed by many years of experience, can help each unique entrepreneur—including you—clear the fog and take the next logical steps forward toward the realization of their dreams.”
“People think that the opposite of success is failure, but it's not. Failure is part of the process of success.”
“No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.”
“In another surprising study published in 2010 in the journal Psychological Science, researchers Ernest Abel and Michael Kruger of Wayne State University examined vintage photos of 230 major league baseball players from the 1952 season, comparing the lifespans of the 184 players who had already died. Of the players’ photos in the baseball cards, 40% showed no smile, 42% showed a partial smile, and 18% had a full smile. Those players who had no smiles lived an average of 72.9 years, while those with partial smiles had a lifespan of 75 years. However, those with big authentic grins lived to be 79.9 years on average, approximately 10% longer than those who did not smile in their photographs. The researchers could not confirm whether any of the players were prompted by the photographer to smile for their photos or if they smiled spontaneously. At the same time, the data seems to suggest that distributed images of smiling people result in a longer, happier life. So smile in your photos!”
“Behind all the desires to be successful lies the effort of trying to be happy by neutralizing an inadequacy that a person sees in himself or something he does not like in himself!”
“There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.”
“Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it  you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.”
“The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.”
“The future is secure in the guardianship of those who shape their present moment.”
“No matter how you define success, you will need to be resilient, empowered, authentic, and limber to get there.”
“Don’t wait for success to find you. Identify the skills and knowledge you need, pursue them relentlessly, and watch as you surpass your wildest dreams.”
“The future depends on what decisions you make today.”
“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine Excellent Runners!”
“Rushed” things don’t focus on the impact, the client, and the product. When we do this, it comes from a place of scarcity.”
“There can be no success without difficulty because otherwise everyone would be equally successful and it wouldn't be called success. There must be the challenge, the discipline, the fortitude that is only developed and forged in fire.”
“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Acquiring a new language is an investment in personal growth, as it fosters adaptability, resilience, and an open-minded attitude towards change.”
“Life can feel unpredictable and overwhelming, but staying mindful can put you in the driver's seat.”
“I can only strive for what is important”
“If you want to improve your company's sales, improve your company's support”
“To read your future, you need to understand your past.”
“It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation”
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.”
“Excellence is not about being perfect. It's about giving your best, learning from your mistakes, and helping others do the same.”
“ Before I ever knew what the word Entrepeneur was, I realized in America and in the Western part of the world in general, you are given the opportunity to be whatever you want to be. And that is all anyone should ever expect from the Capitalist system. The rest is up to you. It's up to you to educate yourself. It's up to you to learn speaking skills and people skills. It's up to you to try (and usually fail, but to try again) all sorts of ventures. The rest is a combination of hard work, being at the right place  at the right time with the right thing oh yes and more (never ending) hard work.”
“A heavy weight of guilt drove me in my success. I felt like I needed to make up for all the money, stress, and time I had cost my family. So, I pushed myself, trying harder and harder to be a good person and do well in school. I knew I had done them wrong, but without fail, they had always been there to bail me out and help me get back on my feet again.”
“Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away!”
“If you concentrate on small, manageable steps you can cross unimaginable distances.”
“A man asks his friend for a ride in his Porsche. The friend replies my car only has two seats. The man says well there are only two of us. The friend replies yes, but if I fill the seat with you I can not fill it with possibilities. The man says what if I am the possibility. The friend replies if you were the type of possibility I am looking for I would be asking to ride with you.”
“Greatness is not a gift, it's a choice. It's not a talent, it's a habit. And habits can be built through consistency, dedication, and unwavering commitment.”
“Be as successful as a Smith.”
“Life is too short to be defined by others' opinions of you. It's time to put your happiness first and show the world that YOU are enough.”
“When I started flirting with the hustle, failure became my ex, now I’m engaged to the game and married to success.”
“Worship is the marriage of two Spirits - the Spirit of God and the Spirit of man.”
“To disavow destiny is to write destiny.”
“Success in life is peace of mind, the feeling of having no regrets. It comes from knowing you did your best.”
“Some people talk about other people’s failures with so much pleasure that you would swear they are talking about their own successes.”
“We are all failures- at least the best of us are.”
“You must always be prepared. Opportunities do not schedule appointments”
“Whatever exists in this universe will perish one day. That's the only truth.”
“Success is survival.”
“I don't do that kind of negativity. If you put your energy into thinking about how much the fall would hurt, you're already halfway down.”
“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
“Your startup is your dream which you have been waiting for many years so give your best at any cost.”
“Realise that, expansion of our consciousness is the highest form of success.”
“Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.”
“The path to success and failure often look very similar. Success doesn't mean it's the end, and failure doesn't mean it's the end either. What truly matters is having the courage to keep going. It's better to try something original and fail than to succeed by copying others.”
“Own your mistakes to own your achievements.”
“When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.”
“An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.”
“The greater the success, the closer it verges on failure.”
“With sticky thinking you can become unstuck!”
“There’s a difference between achieving success and being a success.”
“The path to success is often paved with setbacks and challenges. Stay resilient, stay patient, and watch miracles unfold before you.”
“Your words carry strength, your ideas have value, and your presence has an impact. Don’t be afraid to speak up and share who you are with the world.”
“You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.”
“Every idea is just a thought before it turns into reality”
“Some dangers are perceived as harmful; in reality, there are tons of opportunities hidden in them.”
“New, experimental forms of multilateral organisations are required to come up with novel solutions. Traditional institutions driven by large nations are hamstrung due to: difficulties at home, heavy emphasis on self interest, unwieldy size and sclerotic bureaucracy.”
“Self-doubt is a disease and has no medicine”
“Some people have just rented your body to live in it for sometime and depart. Others consider you as a permanent residence to dwell in forever. Which ever, you must remember to accommodate all those who want to be accommodated. Be each other's keeper”
“If at first you don't succeed, lower you expectations”
“You need to learn how to fall if you are to rise up again.”
“Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury - to me these have always been contemptible. I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind.”
“The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.”
“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
“Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.”
“For within the heart of curiosity, lies the secret of greatness.”
“Only the important things you achieve alone, with no help from anyone, are true success!”
“People have't found meaning in their lives so they're running all the time looking for it.”
“Your entire life can change in the blink of an eye. Storms can come in and rock you to the core. I started to doubt myself, but I eventually learned two unbelievably valuable lessons at that moment: 1. Never doubt yourself. 2. Never stop pursuing your dreams. Setbacks are temporary and a natural occurrence on the road to success. So I figured I better get used to them.”
“Success is the sunny side of hell. Trek through the darkness of your mind. Hit walls. Burst through. Like the breaking day, success is no less than tearing through the gates of hell. The light of success is always there, it just burns a little. Open your eyes and see.”
“Nothing that can deterrent for a determined.A tenacious person flys against all on odds, sails in a rough sea, and travels in uncharted territory.”
“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
“Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success We forget the easiness of free beauty Lying sad right around the corner, Only an instant removed, Unnoticed and squandered.”
“Success could mean different things to different people because success is perspective-based. Some people associate success with likes and followers on social media. They, too, are correct from their perspective.”
“Listen to your gut, trust your instincts, and be brave - the universe has something special in store for you!”
“Don't measure your success through the money that you have accumulated. Instead, through the stillness of your mind.”
“Most intelligent people fail and succeed because of their desire to achieve something greater than their intelligence.”
“Don't be fooled into thinking that pushing yourself all the time equals progress - taking a break every now and then is just as important, if not more so.”
“You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend.”
“My experiment about life is that what I was trying, with all my interest, now I am getting more or less success from that effort.”
“If you keep your eyes open and brain empty while interacting with the people who are offering you opportunities then you probably won't deny any opportunity.”
“Business is a cooperation between different persons.”
“If one felt successful, there'd be so little incentive to be successful.”
“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
“If you will understand that you are capable of doing anything in this world then you will never be disappointed with your failure.”
“My enemy, prosper in the world! You will fall to world fame and success more surely than if I set traps for you.”
“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”
“From time to time in the years to come, I hope you will be treated unfairly, so that you will come to know the value of justice. I hope that you will suffer betrayal because that will teach you the importance of loyalty. Sorry to say, but I hope you will be lonely from time to time so that you don’t take friends for granted. I wish you bad luck, again, from time to time so that you will be conscious of the role of chance in life and understand that your success is not completely deserved and that the failure of others is not completely deserved either. And when you lose, as you will from time to time, I hope every now and then, your opponent will gloat over your failure. It is a way for you to understand the importance of sportsmanship. I hope you’ll be ignored so you know the importance of listening to others, and I hope you will have just enough pain to learn compassion. Whether I wish these things or not, they’re going to happen. And whether you benefit from them or not will depend upon your ability to see the message in your misfortunes.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
“ success is not a comparison of what we have done with what others have done.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Set out time to worship God in your closet, give Him quality praise and watch Him raise you.”
“You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses You become outstanding by focusing on your strenghts.”
“Growth Mindset don't give up. It keeps us optimistic and effective.”
“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
“As Henry Moore carved or modelled his sculpture every day, he strove to surpass Donatello 4. and failed, but woke the next morning elated for another try.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“The fight between a crocodile and a tiger is about locational advantage. The crocodile knows about it, and that's why he attacks first despite being slower in pace.”
“When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.”
“If you think you are investing your money at the right place, never hold back and be assured”
“Make yourself into a battery to store some of this feeling; it is the currency of your life  There will be many months and some years where you will receive no payments at all  while your friends buy dogs and houses.”
“Success always depends on the ability to assist for the benefits of everyone.”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“Your dreams are free but the hustle is sold separately.”
“YOU are in charge of how you experience life. You get to decide! Choose wisely, but most importantly, choose YOU!”
“Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.”
“One day you will be proud that you did not give up on your dreams when pursuing them was full of challenges. Until then, keep on pushing forward.”
“It is action that creates motivation.”
“Failure is an opportunity. If you blame someone else, there is no end to the blame. Therefore the Master fulfills her own obligations and corrects her own mistakes. She does what she needs to do and demands nothing of others.”
“To labor is to dream, to dream is to labor. The lazy can’t dream, dreamer savors labor.”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.”
“Can I do it? I'd rather not try and fail." "That's stupid talk, Maya. Every try will not succeed. But if you're going to live, live at all, your business is trying. And if you fail once, so what? Old folks say, Every shuteye ain't sleep and every goodbye ain't gone. You fail, you get up and try again.”
“Failure is one of those things that 'serious people' dread. Invariably, the persons most likely to be crippled by this fear are people who have convinced themselves that they are SO bitchen they shouldn't ever be placed in a situation where they might fail. Failure is nothing to get upset about. It's a fairly normal condition; an inevitability in ninety-nine percent of all human undertakings. Success is rare—that's why people get so cranked up about it.”
“Learning from your mistakes does not happen automatically, it requires thinking and reflection.”
“It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.”
“Some of our problems got into our lives through some of our successes, and/or some of our attempts to achieve success.”
“Each of us has the power to positively affect a fellow human being with our story. We might broaden a perspective, open a new door to success, improve someone’s work life, help them through a moment of crisis, or make them bit happier or healthier thanks to our story. Share your dream of a better tomorrow, and invite others to join you in that dream.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.”
“When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity  you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others”
“You can't grab every opportunity. Understanding which opportunity to grab and which one to pass is risk management.”
“ at some point you need to stop looking out at others and start looking inward, at yourself, at your own accomplishments, at your own foibles, at your own successes and your own failures. It's only when you begin to look inward that you can begin to have an effect on those out there, the ones with the greedy eyes and outstretched hands.”
“Handcrafted Humanity Sonnet 7 Give, give and give again, To give without reserve is living. Fall, fall and fall again, To fall without stopping is rising. Break, break and break again, To break without bending is integrity. Lose, lose and lose again, To lose without submitting is victory. Love, love and love again, To love despite being fooled is sanity. Help, help and help again, To help despite being deceived is humanity. To give is to live, that is the civilized normal. Kindness alone sets the human apart from animal.”
“Don't let circumstances dictate how your life looks - act like the architect and design the lie that reflects your values and purpose.”
“For some unknown reason, success usually occurs in private, while failure occurs in full view.”
“Thank you for not letting me write your story. I used that time and energy to write my own.”
“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
“The bird dares to break the shell, then the shell breaks open and the bird can fly openly. This is the simplest principle of success. You dream, you dare and and you fly.”
“As long as you gave everything you had and you didn't let it break you, it could never be considered a failure.”
“Dream big, act bigger — don't let challenges or failures stop you from realizing your ambitions!”
“As with all daring and successful men the tricks and devices of his subconscious nature were much more formidable than his rational schemes; and so by a sort of automatic protective instinct he kept them subconscious.”
“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also .but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“Don’t fear high expectations; embrace them. Choose to do hard things.”
“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
“It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.”
“I don't define success by how much money someone makes. I don't define success by how many trophies or plaques or awards someone has. I don't define it by membership in exclusive clubs or the ability to name-drop about someone's famous friends. I don't define it by how many luxury cars or opulent homes someone might own or how many sumptuous vacations they might taken in exotic locales all over the globe. I don't define success oh, hell, I'm just kidding. Actually, all that stuff is fantastic !”
“Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.”
“Constantly stopping to explain oneself may expand into a frustrating burden for the rare individual, so ceasing to do so is like finally dropping the weights and sprinting towards his goals. Those who insincerely misunderstand, who intentionally distort the motives of a pure-intentioned individual, then, no longer have the opportunity to block his path; instead, they are the ones left to stand on the sidelines shouting frustratedly in the wind of his trail.”
“Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.”
“Almost nothing can be perfected in the first instance — focus on evolution. ”
“Being sick successfully is not included in society’s panoply of worthy goals.”
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, but it is the destination that gives it purpose.”
“Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it ”
“Don’t just dream, but take action to achieve those dreams.”
“Don't let anyone drag you down with their words! You have the power and confidence within yourself to rise above any negativity, and you deserve to be seen for who and what you truly are.”
“Is the price of success an empty heart To pour just one glass of champagne Oh this huge warm mansion of gilded art And no one to kiss in the rain”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“Stay focused and use every moment of your life to achieve your goals.”
“Confidence, growth, success, inspiration, love, everything is within us only. Just we need a terrible jerk of something to prepare ourselves for this life.”
“As technology progresses, the need for unlearning becomes as essential as learning.”
“When we test our own limits, we can know our potential”
“Choose the life you want to live and plan and take action to live that life.”
“Be happy; it makes your enemies crazy.”
“People develop at different paces at different life stages. Many of us are late bloomers. Bill Gates? Steve Jobs? Ray Kroc? Sim Wong Hoo? These are famous personalities who have made it big in life despite not having a university degree. They made many mistakes but they did not give up. They worked hard. They persevered. Each and every one of us are born with unique strengths and talents. When someone is not good in academic studies, it does not mean that he is also not good in other areas. And so, in my opinion, academic grades are just one way of measuring a person's ability or knowledgeability.”
“It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.”
“The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.”
“Rich will be my life if I can keep my memories full and brimming, and record them on clear-eyed mornings while I set joyously to work setting pen to holy craft.”
“If you want to find Success in the voyage of your life, you must find your True North Star.”
“The more you fight against and feel shame for spending time in your Comfort Zone, the more you are in danger of compromising trust with yourself.”
“When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.”
“You don’t earn a first-class in your final year, you start the process of earning it from your first year.”
“Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on, but you keep going anyway.”
“There are people who hate you based on untrue thoughts they have about you in their minds.”
“It's not so much what you accomplish. But what's more important is how far you've come to accomplish what you have. Success is the measure of not mere achievement, but also how hard one had to work.”
“To become successful, one must put themselves in the paths of giants!”
“Schools and colleges are for the pursuit of knowledge, not for earning a degree.”
“When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.”
“Never give up on the fight until you win the belt.”
“Language becomes an adventure in 'LinguaVerse'.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.”
“But in the military you don't get trusted positions just because of your ability. You also have to attract the notice of superior officers. You have to be liked. You have to fit in with the system. You have to look like what the officers above you think that officers should look like. You have to think in ways that they are comfortable with. The result was that you ended up with a command structure that was top-heavy with guys who looked good in uniform and talked right and did well enough not to embarrass themselves, while the really good ones quietly did all the serious work and bailed out their superiors and got blamed for errors they had advised against until they eventually got out. That was the military.”
“Doubts in your mind are a much greater roadblock to success than obstacles on the journey.”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“Sometimes failure is the beginning of success”
“The polarity and intensity of energy we store in our energy systems largely depend on how we interpret the facts, events, conversations, successes, failures, and relationships.”
“Sometimes when you face hardship you think you've been buried when you've actually been planted. Keep growing.”
“Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.”
“Obstacles are commonplace; anyone striving for success will inevitably face them; however, if you remain steadfast, you will ultimately be triumphant.”
“Scientists from Plymouth University and Durham University found that red also boosted the football players’ confidence, where the 68 top English teams from 1946 to 2013 won more games than they lost when they wore this winning color. Famed golf star Tiger Woods, who has won many games and golf championships wearing a red shirt, missed the cut at the May 2019 PGA Championship. Unsurprisingly, he was wearing a black shirt that day.”
“Don't let the hustle and grind of life cloud your judgment - take the time to understand what works best for YOU and craft a plan that aligns with your goals.”
“Remember, if you tolerate mediocrity, then that's all you'll ever achieve! This applies to everything from self-talk to goals, so don't let the past determine your future.”
“Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.”
“Do not get obsolete like an old technology, keep innovating yourself.”
“Change can be illusionary. Evolution is reality.”
“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
“Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.”
“Incremental success is irrelevant in the exponential world. Anything less than radical is meaningless.”
“Hold on to anything, just anything. Don’t give up. There is still plenty of time for a miracle to happen in your life.”
“Leadership is not the absence of doubt but the courage to take risks and embrace ambiguity.”
“when you want to go up that mountain and everyone else around you is telling you that is too hard, and you’ll never going to make it, please listen to that small voice inside your heart and one day you will reach the mountain top”
“It is an acceptance of being uncomfortable that drives change.”
“No one will appreciate your words so make your words your world.”
“Opportunity doesn't make appointments, you have to be ready when it arrives.”
“I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.”
“Feed the soul beauty, and it will heal itself.”
“Success comes to us when we have a burning desire to achieve and we focus our full power on achieving that.”
“Bilingualism stimulates your brain, improving memory retention and overall cognitive function, which can contribute to a healthier mind.”
“Success is your ability to overcome all obstacles to achieve your desires.”
“Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.”
“If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?”
“You're not growing because you're not connecting.”
“If you want to add immense amount of values to this world then you can do it only through spirituality”
“Leaders are forward-thinking, confident individuals who identify what needs to be done, put in the hard work, and actively seek solutions instead of pointing fingers.”
“Intelligent people speak less and speak only when needed.”
“kNOw Sacrifice kNOw Success”
“Don't be afraid of failure. This is the way to succeed.”
“When you envision what you want to achieve, the things you've imagined move toward you to achieve you”
“Have a strong desire for something you truly believe in.”
“Success has always been the greatest liar - and the "work" itself is a success; the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer is disguised by his creations, often beyond recognition; the "work," whether of the artist or the philosopher, invents the man who has created it, who is supposed to have create it; "great men," as they are venerated, are subsequent pieces of wretched minor fiction”
“Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success.”
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“When you understand the value of time you will realise what you have lost in this world.”
“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
“God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.”
“According to the moral absolutism that characterizes McCandless's beliefs, a challenge in which a successful outcome is assured isn't a challenge at all.”
“I thank you for your time. I can’t say that I wish you success—as we all have our turns with it, after all. However, I will wish you peace, happiness, and enlightenment—things that not everyone, even the most powerful, is successful at having.”
“It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.”
“There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”
“He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much; Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it; Who has left the world better than he found it, Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; Whose life was an inspiration; Whose memory a benediction.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“Don't let the clouds of failure overshadow you, and ruin your life. There is a seed of success inside of you. Let it grow. Keep it alive.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“It is easy to surpass a predecessor, but difficult to avoid being surpassed by a successor.”
“If you decide to achieve anything with clear vision and confidence, then no one can stop you to achieve it in this world.”
“We are so fortunate that we have everything to achieve everything.”
“Success comes to those who hustle wisely.”
“Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.”
“There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.”
“If you want to make it big, remember to do the small things well.”
“The power is yours if you seize it – make sure each move you take moves you closer to your goals.”
“Men are born to succeed, not to fail.”
“Language is the key that unlocks a world of possibilities, allowing us to communicate, connect, and understand each other on a deeper level.”
“People who know how the world works and people who know how to work the world are generally on the opposite ends of the success spectrum.”
“I want to write a story! That is what I said for years as I struggled. Everything changed once I learned how to structure a story. I finished the manuscript and was accepted by the first publisher I submitted to.”
“You think intelligence and grit can succeed by themselves, but I'm telling you that's a pretty illusion.”
“Don't just live the day, own it! Take charge of your time and make every moment count.”
“Never lose your hope. Once upon a time you will be success”
“Don't wait for opportunities to come knocking on your door. Create your own and make things happen.”
“Everything is meant to be gained and lost. Money, jobs, position, titles, friends, relationships, food, and happiness.The trick is to make sure whatever you gained. You hold on to it the longest. You make the best of it. You enjoy it. You preserve it. You appreciate it. You value it. You don’t give it away or lose it before time. That includes life itself.”
“You have to be uncomfortable in order to be successful, in some ways. If you stay in your comfort zone! You would never do the things that you need to do.”
“If change is fear, does it mean we will be less fearful when we change alongside the change? ”
“There is so much to study and so much to learn, but we also must apply what we learned to fully understand it. By just applying it, It becomes our experience embedded in our memories. It won’t be easy to forget it. Put Into practice everything you learn. To remember it forever.”
“Education is what they equip you with; just in case your dream doesn't workout.”
“We must keep our eyes on our own path only. When things go well, we are grateful. When they do not, we are patient. We accept success with ease and perspective. We accept failure with tolerance.”
“Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you. I know people who have a lot of money, and they get testimonial dinners and they get hospital wings named after them. But the truth is that nobody in the world loves them. If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster. That's the ultimate test of how you have lived your life. The trouble with love it that you can't buy it. You can buy sex. You can buy testimonial dinners. You can buy pamphlets that say how wonderful you are. But the only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love. But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get." — Warren Buffett”
“We are successful if, having been in the world, we have created more than we have destroyed.”
“When President Trump was elected, I predicted that he would either be a fantastic success or an abysmal failure, unfortunately it was the latter.”
“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
“Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“Opportunity is a destiny which is always given by human beings on this planet and if you are still waiting for some magic to happen where God will come and guide you where to go to succeed then you have a mindset of failures”
“Everyone has bad habits. It is your good habits that build you.”
“When you lern forgiveness, you will find success and with it, Happiness.”
“Forget about the wealth; we don't even possess our anger, ego, fear, and frustrations forever. They, too, leave.”
“People who are motivated away from things often experience a lot of pain and worry before they’re motivated to act.”
“Life may bring you to your knees; pray. Then GET UP and participate in the answer. BECOME the remedy! BE the solution!”
“Time is the fuel of life. Use it wisely, prioritize your tasks, and unlock your full potential.”
“Whatever one does for a living, three questions need to be confronted before it is too late: What really matters to me? What price do my spouse and kids pay for my career success? What price does my soul pay?”
“I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that.”
“Whether or not you get widely lauded for any influence you offer matters little. The truth is that many of those who have names written in history books, have been mentored, shaped and influenced by others whose names you may never know.”
“Reflect on the impact you make each day. Ask yourself, if someone replaced you today, what would they bring? Strive for excellence, build your skills, and own your success.”
“The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That alone affects the world.”
“Human beings have an extraordinary capacity to imagine possibilities and then turn those possibilities into realities. Evident in the gifts of civilization—in our arts, languages, sciences, technologies, businesses, governments, and so on—it is clear that we are a profoundly creative species. Yet many of us only access a smidgen of our creativity.”
“The key to unlock the door of success is hidden deep in your thoughts. Accept each failure as a stepping stone, because it paves the way towards improvement. Only by trying again and again, you can be able to use the right key to open the door of opportunity.”
“Never settle for less, if you keep working for your dreams you will get what you deserve”
“Monday is a breakfast of ideas.”
“You have the power to be a success if you choose to use it.”
“Our desire to feel right overpowers our desire to be right.”
“If you know how to utilise the power of Internet you can reach every single human being on this planet”
“Let us waste no further time looking for the secret of success or the key to happiness. Already the door is open and whosoever will may enter.”
“The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.”
“If not you, who?”
“Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.”
“BREAKING NEWS: You're awesome and designed for success; live this day accordingly!”
“Aligning your goals with your lifestyle is the foundation for living a life that feels both intentional and fulfilling.”
“People can wish you every success on the planet and then hate you after you have achieved it.”
“When you’re busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.”
“If you have imaginary ants in your mind, you will see them in your food as well.”
“Forget the boundaries that have been placed around you or the beliefs you’ve been told are true, and start believing in your own limitless potential!”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“To do more for the world than the world does for you - that is success.”
“Success sometimes may be defined as a disaster put on hold. Qualified. Has to be.”
“Bad beliefs lead to bad thoughts; bad thoughts lead to bad actions; bad actions lead to bad results; bad results lead to bad feelings.”
“In a study that examined clothing and athletic performance, researchers found that athletes who wore red clothing in the 2004 Olympic Games won more events than those athletes who wore blue.”
“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
“Trust me . You are important”
“Nothing else matters, everything else can wait.”
“There is a thin line between poverty and success and it is PERSEVERANCE. Successful people don't stop until they see the result they desire.”
“The problem for a lot of people is that they don't really know what they want. They have vague desire: to 'do something creative' or to earn more money or 'to be free', but they can't really pin down what it is precisely that they want. So they drift from one thing to another, enjoying some moments and hating others, but never really finding fulfillment or success. (..) This is why it's hard to lead a successful life (whatever that means to you) when you don't know what you want.”
“Successful people play the part of being successful consistently in all that they do.”
“The quest for a lost city erodes your body, damaging you beyond all reason. But it is your mind that bears the heaviest toll. Listen to the doubters, the worriers and the weak, and the vaguest hope of success evaporates.”
“The sun rose and fell and we remained stuck to her bedsheets and each other.”
“Collaborators don’t steal others’ ideas, take advantage of people, or sit back while others accomplish their tasks for them. Collaborators take action to ensure that everyone with whom they work can enjoy the maximum potential outcome.”
“In theory, the risk of business failure can be reduced to a number, the probability of failure multiplied by the cost of failure. Sure, this turns out to be a subjective analysis, but in the process your own attitudes toward financial risk and reward are revealed. By contrast, personal risk usually defies quantification. It's a matter of values and priorities, an expression of who you are. "Playing it safe" may simply mean you do not weigh heavily the compromises inherent in the status quo. The financial rewards of the moment may fully compensate you for the loss of time and fulfillment. Or maybe you just don't think about it. On the other hand, if time and satisfaction are precious, truly priceless, you will find the cost of business failure, so long as it does not put in peril the well-being of you or your family, pales in comparison with the personal risks of no trying to live the life you want today. Considering personal risk forces us to define personal success. We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. Personal goals, on the other hand, leave us on our own, without this habit of useless measurement and comparison. Only the Whole Life Plan leads to personal success. It has the greatest chance of providing satisfaction and contentment that one can take to the grave, tomorrow. In the Deferred Life Plan there will always be another prize to covet, another distraction, a new hunger to sate. You will forever come up short.”
“This just gets worse and worse," Rob Pierre sighed as he skimmed Leonard Boardman's synopsis of his latest gleanings from the Solarian League reporters covering the PRH. "How can one person—one person, Oscar!—do this much damage? She's like some damned elemental force of nature!" "Harrington?" Oscar Saint-Just quirked an eyebrow and snorted harshly at Pierre's nodded confirmation. "She's just happened to be in the right places—or the wrong ones, I suppose, from our perspective—for the last, oh, ten years or so. That's the official consensus from my analysts, at least. The other theory, which seems to have been gaining a broader following of late, is that she's in league with the Devil.”
“It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. ”
“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
“The goal of retirement is to live off your assets-not on them”
“Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.”
“Never give up or quit no matter how hard and challenging the journey is.”
“Sharing your success with others reveals your true humanity. Don't ever be afraid to open your heart to that practice. It has made all the world of difference to me.”
“I am proud of my mistakes because they led to my achievements.”
“Develop and prepare yourself for what you want to achieve in life, because you expect to get it.”
“When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.”
“He'd had his career, his triumphs. Success had brought him nothing but misery; he couldn't handle it. Success had thrown him in the gutter”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Leadership is the most important element in crafting a company's culture.”
“Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.”
“It is important that Children grow up embracing meritocracy and egalitarianism, not privilege and elitism. That they learn at an early age to place more value on the community than the individual, on collaboration rather than rivalry and on social norms rather than regulation.”
“The people who stand before kings may look like they did it all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot. It makes a difference where and when we grew up. The culture we belong to and the legacies passed down by our forebears shape the patterns of our achievements in ways we cannot begin to imagine. It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.”
“Stop being an average mindset.”
“Life is not always fair but be sure to suffuse it with smiles because life is more unfair to sad people.”
“The most important ingredient for the recipe of success is patience, with a little bit of perseverance sprinkled to taste.”
“Be wary of living a life that is full of movement but lacks action, because this may lead to a life that is devoid of meaning.”
“There is no growth without discomfort.”
“The capacity to deny oneself gratification cannot be confused with the denial of gratification imposed on us. The masses do not know the difference and therefore never cultivate a will of their own. They are subject to the pressures of the outside world, its punishments and validations. They confuse their own needs with what others tell them to need, and their personality is nullified in the process. That's what it means to be a sheep. And yet this is not as obvious as it seems. It may mean to work from home in a warm country while your neighbors party in the swimming pool. It also means having an entire beach to yourself while they are at work. Both situations demand that you question your sanity and challenge your character as a person. The masses will never do that. They are too weak.”
“It's time to put aside the limits that have been placed on you and start believing in your own strength and potential!”
“A mindset is all that you need if you wish to grow strong.”
“Never give up just because you failed initially”
“Lead with courage, own your decisions, and embrace accountability - the true hallmark of a fearless leader.”
“Participate in your own dreams, don’t just say what you want or complain about what you don’t have.”
“As the questioner you have thee natural advantage of control.”
“Some people dream of SUCCESS while other wake up and work hard at it.”
“Don't confuse busyness with productivity. One leaves you exhausted, the other fulfilled.”
“The price you have to pay to be great at something - is repetition.”
“Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.”
“Your mouth is not given to you for feeding alone; it is given to you to programme events and circumstance around you.”
“If you are not filled with positive energy, negativity will fill the vacuum.”
“Having a clear vision and a solid plan for your business is essential, but it’s equally important to be flexible and adaptable as circumstances evolve. Surround yourself with people who inspire and support your goals, and stay focused on your long-term vision.”
“How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”
“Today is full of potential; all it takes to make the most of it is a little effort. Don't worry about tomorrow until today's work is done!”
“Happiness is a child's dream fulfilled in maturity.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“Leadership is an ongoing journey — have courage, stay humble, and always strive to be the best version of yourself”
“Many people succeed when others do not believe in them. But rarely does a person succeed when he does not believe in himself.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation.”
“Fluidity is our ability to jump between two comfort zones without challenging our comforts.”
“Evolution converts today’s perfections into obsolescence tomorrow. ”
“A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“When it comes to making the right moves at the right time, your dance partner is life itself or what can be referred to as your destiny. The more you pay attention and practice intuitive decision making skills, the better you will become at sensing the unique rhythm of your life.”
“The most successful athletes are self-motivated. “The most important thing is to love your sport,” said Peggy Fleming, the former Olympic figure-skating champion. “Never do it to please someone else—it has to be yours. That is all that will justify the hard work needed to achieve success.”
“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”
“Success is not just a thing that you just desire and you will get it. As first thing it is not given instead earned with passion and hardwork.”
“A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.”
“Sometimes the harshest ridicule holds the direst question - question that is necessary for self-correction – question that is necessary for self-improvement.”
“Who is willing to be satisfied with a job that expresses all his limitations? He will accept such work only as a 'means of livelihood' while he waits to discover his 'true vocation'. The world is full of unsuccessful businessmen who still secretly believe they were meant to be artists or writers or actors in the movies.”
“Focus on finding the solution instead of complaining about the problem.”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“Education gave me a chance to reinvent the world.”
“Before we give up, we mess up. Sort yourself out to keep going.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.”
“Education Through Excellence (The Sonnet) During my aimless years I once had an urge, To learn about jet propulsion engine. So I wrote content for tech support websites, To buy a couple of books on aeronautics. Education means catering to curiosity, Study to gain excellence not a certificate. If it doesn't open your eyes to social ascension, Education only causes the world to dehydrate. You can stuff entire encyclopedias into your head, That still will not make you an educated being. If education was the same thing as information, Google would be the omniscient superbeing. Certificate without humanity is a ticket to stoneage. If it takes away your warmth, it is all decadence.”
“Once you imagine reality, your fantasy will become reality.”
“The path to success is paved with hard work, persistence, and a willingness to take action.”
“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“Know who's at the table. You act! I write!”
“It is much easier to handle trials, hardship, and adversity than success, blessings, and breakthroughs in life.”
“Failure is a part of life. Success teaches you nothing, but failure teaches you resilience. It teaches you to pick yourself up and try again.”
“I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.”
“The people we’d want to share it all with die before we get it.”
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”
“If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.”
“I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.”
“Some false representations contravene the law; some do not.   The sensibilities of no two men are the same. Some would refuse to sell property without carefully explaining all about its merits and defects, and putting themselves in the purchasers' place and inquiring if he himself would buy under the circumstances. But such men never would be prosperous merchants.”
“Our problem is not the government,other people,the rich or the economy this we can't control but we sure can control our own minds. We perish for lack of knowledge so start learning & keep learning.Remember even what you know is useless if not used.”
“Theoretical knowledge is not the exclusive domain of ivory tower intellectuals, but is, in fact, a crucial necessity of man's proper survival. Every bit of your mental contents is derived from some theory, and your success and happiness hinge on whether it is true or false, good or evil.”
“Success in smaller nations tend to be hidden because they lie off piste from the traditional corridor of information traffic stretching from Los Angeles, New York, London, Berlin, Shanghai and Tokyo.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“It is only in the acknowledgement of what doesn’t work that we can create sufficient space to craft something that does. And arrogance is certain to become mired in defeat because it refuses to accept the former so that it might achieve the latter.”
“What does a successful life look like? We all have our own deep-seated needs, so we each have to decide for ourselves what success is. I don’t care whether you want to be a master of the universe, a couch potato, or anything else—I really don’t. Some people want to change the world and others want to operate in simple harmony with it and savor life. Neither is better. Each of us needs to decide what we value most and choose the paths we take to achieve it.”
“I do not like to repeat successes I like to go on to other things.”
“The emergence of success and recognition is hidden in years of hard working and pain submerged in obscurity; life is not designed to support overnight success.”
“Success isn't about sacrificing your values, but aligning your actions with what you believe in. When you stay true to yourself, success comes naturally.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.”
“Sometimes success is simply being willing to give it your all.”
“If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut”
“To scrape new heights of success, you must first deepen the roots of your principles.”
“Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her”
“You deserve to be mentally healthy and prosperous.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for growth and self-discovery.”
“You are likely to fall when you stop paddling your bicycle. Such is life. As long as you don’t give up, you will never end up failing!”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“Failure is not the end; it is part of the journey. Don’t let it stop you from reaching your destination.”
“The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.”
“Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.”
“As you strive to be a better seller, you automatically become a better buyer. If we want to make the world a better place, being better buyers is important, too.”
“Everyone gets few chances in their lifetime to mess up their life. Sorted heads cruise through those muddy patches unaffected.”
“When we give ourselves permission to fail..we at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel.”
“How many stopped-up men and women does it take to produce one Einstein? Ten? A thousand? A hundred thousand?   So this is what Einstein meant when he looked me in the eye that day and said, I would be nothing without you. It was not success he saw written in my face. He saw, rather, that I would never accomplish anything at all.”
“People who are ready to learn are those who will be the best to lead.”
“Though your beginning is small, your latter days will be very great.”
“Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.”
“Your future and success depend upon many things, but mostly they depend upon you. You have the responsibility to shape your life. You are the person who pushes yourself forward or holds yourself back. The power to succeed or fail is yours alone.”
“You've been given the innate power to shape your life but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”
“The story begins with your actions.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“Big things begin with big thinking.”
“Embrace the unknown, take bold steps forward, and discover the limitless potential that lies within you.”
“Live your vision and demand your success.”
“People are also looking to buy from companies who have taken the time to explain the why of their existence.”
“Dont struggle for salary.. DO struggle for Success..”
“The moment you say no, you lose.”
“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
“When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.”
“A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between her work and her play; her labor and her leisure; her mind and her body; her education and her recreation. She hardly knows which is which. She simply pursues her vision of excellence through whatever she is doing, and leaves others to determine if she is working or playing. To herself, she always appears to be doing both.”
“Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.”
“Celebrate your success, then set your eyes on the horizon; there is so much more to do!”
“The modern individual is committed to being successful, not to being a person.”
“You only struggle because you're ready to grow but aren't willing to let go.”
“Even if yesterday was wildly successful, I still don’t want to repeat it. Rather, I want to build on it.”
“The golden equation of life is S = D^P^A. Success is equal to Dreams to the power of Passion to the power of Actions.”
“Time is neither the past nor the future. It's the present moment that disappears in a microsecond. It is a spark that only exists for a moment. Are we capturing sparks or their ashes?”
“Do not let your grand ambitions stand in the way of small but meaningful accomplishments.”
“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
“One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.”
“The athletes and coaches are the team, but the parents and families make it a program.”
“Executing ideas is as simple as taking the first step.”
“Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.”
“Be the cactus, a proof of unsubmission, and blossom amidst the fiercest environment.”
“The success of any leadership is best judged by how they improve service provision and access to basic services.”
“Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.”
“Go after your dreams no matter how far they might seem today. Just start taking steps towards them and your dreams will be yours.”
“In some cases, trying is better than doing because it indicates that you are attempting things hard enough to fail.”
“Many of our problems are broadly similar to those that undermined   Norse Greenland, and that many other past societies also struggled to solve. Some of those past societies failed (like the Greenland Norse) and others succeeded   The past offers us a rich database from which we can learn in order that we may keep on succeeding.”
“To be a good leader all that you have to do is remember what it was like to follow.”
“Success is possible and achievable.”
“I shall not dwell in the past  I shall not dread the present  I shall not fear the Future  For as Long as I live  I shall only think of success.”
“Success" might just be doing your thing your way and having that be enough to feel content.”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“If you want to live like a king, you have to make money like a king.”
“Man is like a bride unto God. God is jealous when man veers away from Him.”
“Integrity is a powerful force, keeping you alive to others long after you’ve left their presence.”
“There is a clear-cut trade-off between the level of customer service and profit-making intentions. It’s always our choice to choose one over the other.”
“Don’t be afraid to ask for help.”
“What is considered impossible is someone else’s opinion. What is possible is my decision.”
“Your list of things to do is not the same as your list of things to be done.”
“Still, failure, success, what is it? Whae gies a fuck. We aw live, then we die, in quite a short space ay time n aw. That's it; end ay fuckin story.”
“i’m made of magic and madness iron fist in a silk glove and when i can’t bear sadness that’s when i turn to love”
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.”
“Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.”
“Don’t be afraid to fail because failure can be one of the best teachers you’ll ever have.”
“I think we all want instant success and seek the quick solution for our problems, be they related to our health, a relationship, or our financial situation. But goals like optimal fitness or financial freedom aren't met overnight.”
“When they say I will never be successful, I say the creator decides if I will be successful or not.”
“We do fall in life and not necessarily because we are stupid, but simply because to know that you can stand up, you have to fall.”
“The measure of a society is not only what it does but the quality of its aspirations.”
“The real potential of humans is in sharing and creating a mind cloud through a network of minds with different perspectives but radiating the same positive energy.”
“Sometimes it is good to be in uncomfortable situations because it is in finding our way out of such difficulties that we learn valuable lessons.”
“The accuracy of our vision depends upon the cleanliness of the lens and its alignment with our eyesight. How clean and aligned are your lenses to see yourself?”
“The most dementing of all modern sins: the inability to distinguish excellence from success.”
“You can have it all, just not all at the same time.”
“don't read the success stories you will get message but read the failure stories you will get the ideas become successful”
“A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is, 'suck it, Jesus! This award is my God now'!”
“The best mentors are in real business, and resources are available to anyone open to seeing, feeling, understanding, and focusing. Entrepreneurship is a powerful vision and is a force for positive change.”
“Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.”
“Anxiety provokes us to choose short-term gains to compromise long-term benefits.”
“Success for a woman means absolute surrender, in whatever direction. Whether she paints a picture, or loves a man, there is no division of labor possible in her economy. To the attainment of any end worth living for, a symmetrical sacrifice of her nature is compulsory upon her.”
“Simplify your goals, focus on the top three, demolish the main obstacle, and stay fiercely determined.”
“Most intelligent people fail because of their lack of desire to achieve something by using their intelligence.”
“Communication is how entrepreneurs tell their story, which, in turn, should inspire employees to work smart and encourage customers to action.”
“Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.”
“Always push yourself to give beyond your best. Because sometimes, your best might not be good enough.”
“I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.”
“There is a price to pay for success, there is also a price to pay for failure. The question is, what price are you willing to pay?”
“For me, life is too short, or too long, to allow myself the luxury of living it badly.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Struggle, Patience, and Persistence are the Steps to Success.”
“We will keep on planting flowers until spring is ours.”
“Fix the issue before it fixes you. Ignoring is not the solution.”
“You rarely win, but sometimes you do.”
“The best utilization of gas in your car is to move in the direction of your destination.”
“In the river of evolution, even stones flow, and rocks get eroded.”
“Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter”
“A strong man does not succumb to pressures, he knows that without pressures he will not find pleasures and so he will not be made.”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“No experience is wasted. It is the stepping stones for a great success.”
“We knew that our minority students, a lot of them, were doing well,” says Richard Lempert, one of the authors of the Michigan study. “I think our expectation was that we would find a half- or two-thirds-full glass, that they had not done as well as the white students but nonetheless a lot were quite successful. But we were completely surprised. We found that they were doing every bit as well. There was no place we saw any serious discrepancy.”
“NEVER be surprised by your own success!”
“It is thrilling and humbling to realize the impact we coaches have on you, and I am so happy that it was a positive and joyous experience that we shared.”
“People who don't want to take responsibility for their failures blame others.”
“Your life is your kingdom, and you're the ruler. Don't let anyone else take the throne.”
“Everyone should have something in their life that when it comes alive, you lose track of time.”
“Take responsibility for your actions and strive to become even better every day — this is the key to lasting success!”
“Hope can be dangerous because it means exposing yourself to the possibility of success, to allow yourself to imagine a happy ending, only to be confronted by cold, brutal disappointment.”
“Lack of confidence, sometimes alternating with unrealistic dreams of heroic success, often leads to procrastination, and many studies suggest that procrastinators are self-handicappers: rather than risk failure, they prefer to create conditions that make success impossible, a reflex that of course creates a vicious cycle.”
“Actually, I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years.”
“We should install a proper guidance system in schools with a more refined emphasis on social behavior, and a more talent and/or interest based view of their careers. It would give the system and the people in it more stable, long-term results.”
“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
“Our positive thoughts are an infinite source of energy.”
“When your company leader is bad, only then your competitors are doing well”
“Success is hidden in those insignificant changes on our desk, in our routines, habits and relationships which often go unnoticed year after year. Seemingly insignificant improvements lead to astonishing achievements.”
“You shit on my dreams and fertilize my faith in them.”
“The ladder of success is there waiting for you  you just have to realize it and reach towards and climb as high as you can you will surely be successful.”
“Unrealistic dreams can lead you to incredible success.”
“Become a Morale Booster Extraordinaire. Lift others up and celebrate their hard-earned successes. Win by achieving. Respect the achievements of others.”
“If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.”
“The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!”
“Success, for most people, requires unlearning as much as learning.”
“It's fun to lose money as an entrepreneur.”
“People will become billionaire faster than current billionaire after entering the metaverse world.”
“The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.”
“Happiness that was pursued comes greatly diluted by the pursuit.”
“Struggle, success, and setbacks are the stepping stones to greatness, each one fueling the determination to keep reaching higher toward victory.”
“Your failures are not embarrassments to be buried. Rather, they are seeds to be planted.”
“The number of ways to live in one lifetime is limitless. So why limit yourself?”
“Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!”
“Don’t die with your gift, but serve it to the world because that’s the reason God gave it to you.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“Your Hard is Silence, Let your success be your noise.”
“We didn’t find our rightful audience, but from the ashes of the AC scene, we shall rise again – the Phoenix always does. Our true audience will find its way to us eventually. It’s not unusual for a false audience to come first.”
“Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.”
“Some people want to be exactly where you are, but they don't want to pay the price you paid to be where you are.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“It's the place built out of Man's ceaseless failure to overcome himself. Out of Man's endless war against himself we build our successes as well as our failures. Making it the city of all cities most like Man himself— loneliest creation of all this very old poor earth.”
“Remember to prioritize self-care and rest, as they are essential components of success. By taking time to refuel, you'll be able to perform better and reach your goals faster.”
“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
“Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.”
“A dream is a seed. Vision plants it. Imagination nurtures growth. Opportunities create blooms. Thoughts become things!”
“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
“They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?”
“There are going to be times when you learn more about the world you’re entering and feel defeated when you see the gap between the ideal and the reality… But that’s something we’ll all face. The people that face those obstacles and overcome them are people whose dreams come true.”
“You must always be prepared. Most opportunities do not schedule appointments.”
“There's sometimes a tugging feeling you get to push further when you aren't being challenged enough or when things get too comfortable.”
“Accepting yourself and believing in yourself is one of the most important habits when it comes to success! Embrace your uniqueness, and never forget how capable, strong, and powerful you are.”
“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
“Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.”
“No matter what situation you are in in your life, if you have a great vision to achieve your dreams, you will achieve your dream in any circumstance.”
“Failure is The Way of Success”
“The key ingredient to any kind of happiness or success is to never give less than your best”
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.”
“Failure is our greatest teacher”
“We spend ten hours a day to earn comfort for six hours.”
“practice only envisioning yourself at the finish line and be unrelenting and fervent in racing towards that finish line. Undue preoccupation and fixation with the how's, whens, and what ifs will not only derail and further distance you from your destination, but will also feed your mind with those fatal seeds of doubt that make failure inevitable" ~ Awaken and Unleash your Victor”
“Everyone has weaknesses. They are generally revealed in the patterns of mistakes they make. Knowing what your weaknesses are and staring hard at them is the first step on the path to success.”
“If you're not hungry enough to die, no one will come to feed you”
“Success comes when you pair dreaming with doing – don't get lost in thought without putting in the work to make your dreams a reality.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass  get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.”
“If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.”
“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
“We ought to relentlessly ignore excuses, especially those we are told by ourselves.”
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”
“Business leaders make one of two mistakes: overestimating or underestimating their capabilities.”
“In Paris, where raillery is so quick to throw emotion out the window, silence, in a roomful of clever people after a story, is the most flattering of all marks of success”
“Diligence is the mother of good fortune.”
“Remember, what others say or do is a reflection of their own internal experience, not yours. Their opinion doesn't have to be your truth.”
“Results are important, but the way they are achieved, the process, is equally important.”
“There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.”
“If you fail, it’s fine. Sow another idea or refine the same one; irrigate it with perseverance and cultivate it with the manure of faith. The harvest would be the fruit of success.”
“Personal Integrity is a trait that so many people overlook and undervalue, but it's one of the most important qualities to possess.”
“Excuses are fences. Push yourself beyond these and you'll see that Success knows no boundaries.”
“Listen for the call of your destiny, and when it comes, release your plans and follow.”
“The grandest ambition that any man can possibly have, is to so live, and so improve himself in heart and brain, as to be worthy of the love of some splendid woman; and the grandest ambition of any girl is to make herself worthy of the love and adoration of some magnificent man. That is my idea. There is no success in life without love and marriage. You had better be the emperor of one loving and tender heart, and she the empress of yours, than to be king of the world. The man who has really won the love of one good woman in this world, I do not care if he dies in the ditch a beggar, his life has been a success.”
“Plant your tiny seeds and keep watering them every day. Soon, they’ll grow.”
“Humans are full of emotions and the most difficult task for humans is to manage them.”
“The moment you say no to any opportunity without listening, you lose all chances of winning.”
“Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not.”
“If you think someone or something other than yourself is responsible for your happiness or success, I'd guess you're not that happy or successful.”
“If the shoes don't fit, try wearing your own.”
“Don't get stuck on little things until you get to your destination”
“Fight for the things you deserve”
“The most successful people are not the ones who have all the answers, but the ones who are willing to ask the right questions and seek out solutions.”
“We are, What We are WITH. ”
“Unleash your inner fire, ignite your passion, and blaze a trail that leaves a mark on the world. You hold the power to create your legacy, so rise up, own your strength, and burn bright.”
“Becoming selfless and philanthropist is a process, not an overnight journey”
“Who does not want a life full of peace of mind, joy, and contentment, as well as success in work and relationships? It has been proven that all of this is in our minds, determined and shaped by the way we think. Therefore, think with love, trust, and faith, and you will find all that you desire manifested in your life.”
“Successful people are those who always choose good and right people.”
“Given the predominance of bad news in the media arising from large nations, many might be surprised that some small, nimble, outperforming countries are doing exceptionally well. Nine of the top ten top ten positions in the United Nations Human Development Index are countries with populations of less than 20 million and seventeen of the top twenty. They took nine out of the top ten spots in IMD’s most recent Global Competitiveness Report. Nine of the ten happiest countries are small, successful nations.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“Promise less and deliver more”
“Winners were not born winners; they learnt and practiced how to win and they have it! Everyone who gives a great testimony about his/her life begins with a beginning that was "inadequate" until something happened  an a breakthrough became evident!”
“Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.”
“One simple step of parking my attention on something constructive and using my strengths helped me build self-esteem. Instead of considering myself to be a failure, I could see myself as a success, even if in only a small way.”
“Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.”
“The sure way to succeed Is to endure to the very end.”
“Remember, it's not always about big changes but instead small steps done with confidence and consistency that will get you to where you want to go.”
“What you can accomplish in life is limited only by the size of your dreams. Dream big and your accomplishments can be big.”
“As human species, we divide and unite ourselves as per our needs and circumstances.”
“Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.”
“To Achieve Success, you must be comfortable doing the things you like and also be willing to do the things you don’t like.”
“Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.”
“Do you want the good news or the bad news? Okay: the bad news first. There is no shortcut to success. The good news is, it's doable.”
“Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.”
“Start before you're ready. Don't prepare, begin.”
“You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.”
“Start working on your dreams Before anyone else starts working on your dreams.”
“Learning a language teaches you the value of patience, perseverance, and discipline, as you navigate the challenges and celebrate the milestones along the way.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.”
“Love has the biggest strength and everyone needs strength to get success.”
“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
“Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.”
“Success is not a stamp of approval given by others.”
“Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent”
“Raise your power in silence, become a dynamite of resilience.”
“If you want to know the power of an idea just know, that it can change your whole life”
“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
“Why be a man when you can be a success.”
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”
“If people don't understand your vision then you should understand their vision and move towards your dreams”
“It's easy to sit on the sidelines and analyze different strategies, but true growth comes from taking action.”
“Some people will insult your intelligence by suddenly being nice or nicer to you once you make it … or they think you have.”
“You become what you think about”
“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
“Your success is your success.”
“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
“Since smaller nations are exposed to exogenous forces, they have greater incentive to experiment and innovate. Since they are better able to intermediate a political consensus the pathway from knowing to doing is more expedient.”
“if you gone come in second, you're just the first loser!”
“The greatest reward of success isn’t the money or acclaim; it’s the confidence and self-respect that success brings with it.”
“Strong collaboration and healthy competition will make you a winner faster than ever”
“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
“Los Angeles is a town where status is all and status is only given to success. Dukes and millionaires and playboys by the dozen may arrive and be glad-handed for a time, but they are unwise if they choose to live there because the town is, perhaps even creditably, committed to recognising only professional success, and nothing else, to be of lasting value. The burdensome obligation imposed on all its inhabitants is therefore to present themselves as successes, because otherwise they forfeit their right to respect in that environment   There is no place in that town for the "interesting failure" or for anyone who is not determined on a life that will be shaped in a upward-heading curve.”
“If you want to be successful and you want to achieve this success in a charismatic way, 'discipline' is the most admirable tool in this regard!”
“Change is painful because we are altering the old. Evolution is a pleasure because we are creating the new.”
“Embrace feedback, learn from experiences, and evolve. Our journey to success is a continuous one!”
“If you can’t make it perfect, make it the best possible version within the coordinates of your abilities. ”
“It's true. I've been to university, but my life is still a mess. Everything they say about my success is made up, but every family needs one fake person to be proud of.”
“You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.”
“It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.”
“Most people don't understand people who ask for help to make something important in this world”
“Out of failure came success!”
“Being a leader is not easy. It's a delicate balance between humility and self-confidence. It takes immense courage to lead others but also requires an honest awareness of our own limitations.”
“How would your life be different if you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.”
“If you don't want to sink, then it's time to cut the negative anchors loose and start swimming!”
“Success requires no explanations. Failure permits no alibis.”
“The best way to come out of our comfort zone is not to create one.”
“Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!”
“Sustainable success isn't measured by how hard you work, but rather by how much time you take to relax and recharge.”
“Men love women who are courageous for it means they can go all the way with him in his pursuit of his good dreams and intentions.”
“Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.”
“Success comes from the inside out. In order to change what is on the outside, you must first change what is on the inside.”
“Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need”
“To be a tremendous success, look for opportunity rather than security.”
“Stop beating yourself up! Breaking old habits isn't going to happen overnight, so don't be discouraged if it takes you longer than you planned. Give yourself some grace and remind yourself that consistency and repetition are key.”
“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
“Life is a journey worth making.”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“Young women need to see examples of other successful female leaders to encourage them to pursue their dreams.”
“Confusion is a state of mind when a person is not clear about his priorities.”
“Dominate in your domain; You can do it.”
“It's when you walk over others to get to the top, that you really find yourself back in the basement.”
“If you really want to be successful in digital asset business, think about the practical use of that digital asset before investing in it.”
“Whether you dance, draw, make music, shoot field goals, build houses, tune engines, or sit around all day watching television, you are an artist. Your single greatest work of art is your self. As with any art form, the more you understand and develop your talents, the more empowered and masterful you become as an artist. This is particularly important when engaging in the art of consciously shaping your own life.”
“Live responsibly towards whom you want to be. Active self-responsibility enhances confidence in creating oneself and working towards achieving goals.”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
“I awoke one morning to find myself famous.”
“Don't let the day run you. Run the day like a well-oiled machine and make every second count.”
“And the thing is, we can’t fail. We’ve already hit the bottom and come out of it. From here on out, if we just love and listen, we can’t go wrong, babe.”
“Don't think that just because you made it to the next level that the haters and naysayers disappear. Remember, new levels bring new devils.”
“Success teaches us nothing; only failure teaches.”
“Money. The ultimate motivation. The ultimate way of keeping score.”
“Don’t grieve when people fail to recognize your ability. Grieve for your lack of ability instead.”
“The strongest, the most intelligent, the most successful of men is not worthy of being called a Man if he is devoid of courage!”
“The devil can be a clown of prizes in moments like these. Moments of knowing you’ve ventured too far down the wrong path and all you can do is accept more prizes  ”
“Don't be held back by insecurity or fear, because you never know what might be on the other side of that leap of faith.”
“The best criterion for success is not to succeed, but to do your best to succeed!”
“Activate your success chakras within the fabric of 114 chakras. Cultivate your success experiences, get in sync with the cosmos, and join the dance of infinite possibilities.”
“Social and Spiritual Entrepreneurship is the Future of Entrepreneurship.”
“If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.”
“Life is too short to stay in your comfort zone. Believe in yourself and be courageous. Take risks!”
“can one dispute that the wiser a person is, the more effective and content and meaning-rich they will be? I would say not. It is more difficult to define and research wisdom than it is to theorize about it. As an illustration, take two identical race cars and put two very different drivers behind the wheels; the success each driver will enjoy more often than not, is directly related to their skill level – their proficiency. One can likewise think of a wise person as proficient at living life.”
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
“Success is not guaranteed, it’s temporary.”
“Our efforts do not owe us our desired outcomes.”
“Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“There is no fulfillment like be useful.”
“Whoever submits himself to a super-discipline can expect great triumphs.”
“Desire Comes and desire Goes Bringing both Highs and lows Desire Goes and desire Comes Bringing its promises of Unexpected Pain Bringing its promises of Glorified Gain”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“Happiness cannot be the goal because you already have it”
“If you are not pushing yourself everyday to do some extra work then you will not get success on your expected time”
“Energy can never be created nor destroyed. It only changes its form. Our negative energy can transform into positive energy through positive thoughts and vice versa.”
“Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.”
“A world without a queue is chaos.”
“If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going.”
“Mistakes are revolutionary tools that open up new portals of achievement”
“Allow your mind to dream the impossible.”
“Her failure was a useful preliminary to success.”
“If at first you don't succeed, congratulations welcome to life it is hard sometimes but also mostly okay.”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“What can I do more to increase the chances of success and what can I do less to reduce the chances of failure?”
“Nobody has ever been super successful by walking alone.”
“Did you once have a grand plan which has become obsolete and no longer serves you? If there are areas in your life which must change to help you create better results, a redesign may be in order. Consider going back to the ‘drawing board’ to deconstruct what isn’t working and start anew.”
“Action separates the heroes from the cowards, the achievers from the complainers, the successful from the mere dreamers, the happy from the envious; it separates those who rise to the challenge of their goals from the haters who cower in the shadow of stagnancy.”
“I don't play safe because I'm not immortal.”
“What drives your buying decisions - necessities, comforts, pleasures, status, or ego?”
“It's no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.”
“Language learning is an adventure that never ends, as each new language opens a gateway to further exploration, linguistic diversity, and personal enrichment.”
“To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.”
“Nobody knows exactly what it takes to succeed. It takes whatever it takes depending on who it's taking from.”
“You can achieve anything with spirituality”
“Never allow your desires to lead you away from God; allow nothing else to control you other than God and His Word. No matter what you see or pass through, don’t allow them to define you.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“You could get traction from someone, and someone else could get the traction from you. It all depends on what we are chasing.”
“Consistency is the x to every y.”
“Whether you want to double down on previous successes, address significant challenges, or embark on new endeavors, identify your top three goals.”
“Every reality has multiple coordinates. The combination of these coordinates creates perceptions.”
“People who energize others are higher performers.”
“Feeling overwhelmed? Take action. By breaking tasks into manageable steps, you can conquer overwhelm and achieve your goals.”
“Don't measure your success through the money in your bank. Measure your success through the stillness of your mind”
“When Marconi suggested the possibility of wireless transmission of sound (the radio),he was committed to a mental institution. But people like Lincoln, Edison, and Marconi were strongly motivated. So they didn't give up. They somehow knew that the only real failure is the one from which we learn nothing. They seemed to go on the assumption that there is no failure greater than the failure of not trying, and so they continued to try in the face of repeated failures.”
“It has never been very easy for me to live, though I am always very happy—maybe because I want so much to be happy. I like so much to live and I hate the idea of dying one day. And then I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life, I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, and to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish  You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.”
“Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.”
“Sometimes you feel that you are losing everything and nothing is working as per your expectations and this is the time when you need to understand that somewhere someone is working for your dreams and soon everything will be better”
“With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.”
“Embrace the unknown, for it is where true growth and transformation happen.”
“We fear change, thus we almost fear everything because everything around us is changing. ”
“Change your perspective on influence – it is a tool that can be used to build meaningful relationships, move conversations in new directions, and bring out the best in people.”
“Some people will never be highly successful not because of their lack of competence but because of the lack of welcoming new ideas and new people into their lives.”
“There are always those people wringing their hands and groaning about their failures as if always caused by other people or circumstances beyond their control. They rant about why things can’t be done. Hah! People actually doing those very things repeatedly interrupt the naysayers! That is not only fun, but also it makes the discipline and effort of doing the right things even more satisfying and personally rewarding.”
“We attack and DOMINATE in all areas of our lives consistently. We lead by example and understand that preparation is the key to our success.”
“I feel life today is too competitive to be enjoyable. Even if you don't want it to be, life is one intense competition, and how well you fare in it will determine your happiness and success. Most people just want to look like a winner more than they want to be a winner. I detest the competitiveness that permeates the society and how everything revolves around establishing yourself as a unique individual and honing skills that you can advertise in the market place. Contrary to popular belief, competition is not always beneficial. It adds a lot of unwanted frustration and stress. It can be destructive to one's self-esteem. Competition makes us imitate our competitors and we lose our identity in the midst of it. Why does it matter how successful someone else is in comparison to me? To be honest, I don't really care about being successful now. I just want the freedom to do anything I want without having to worry about social standards.”
“Lineage, personality, and environment may shape you, but they do not define your full potential.”
“Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.”
“If you've already decided you can't, then you probably won't. Change your mind, change your life.”
“The angry father yells To awaken a dreamer from her spell But she wasn't born to be tamed, so you see Her religion is passion that makes history And as sure as night will turn into day She will fight to find her way”
“See it, feel it, trust it!”
“The First Law: Performance drives success, but when performance can’t be measured, networks drive success.”
“It is not a failure to readjust my sails to fit the waters I find myself in.”
“Own your power, take action toward your goals, and watch them become a reality.”
“My plan B is to make sure my Plan A works. ”
“Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure”
“When people ignore you for working with you, they are ignoring things they don't like in you, improve it before you go to someone else to work with you”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
“Have some deep goals in your life so that they inspire you to wake up every morning”
“Your story is really inspirational you just need to be successful to inspire people all over the world.”
“We had no interest in saying what our audience wanted to hear. In fact, we wanted to tell them the opposite … and we did! The people on the side of the Truth will always end up with no audience. The liars will always have their huge audience. That’s the difference between truth and lies. How will we make ourselves more popular? I know … we’ll use emojis! Not!”
“Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.”
“Focus beyond the finish line — celebrate incremental progress along the way for sustained motivation!”
“Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.”
“Magic is always within you, don't try to find magicians, be magicians”
“It's impossible to walk through solid rock  You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.”
“Life is too short to settle for anything less than amazing!”
“Ambition is the first step towards success.”
“The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.”
“If you don’t fight for your dreams, you won’t earn anything. If you don’t anything, you will beg for everything.”
“Don't languish on the side lines in life.”
“People don't need love. What they need is success in one form or another. It can be love but it needn't be.”
“Do the things you were sent here to do effectively.”
“Missing a train is only painful if you run after it. Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that is what you are seeking.”
“The Burden of Success — Truly is a Heavy Load Lonely is the Path — Down this Distant Road Decisions that are Bold — Sometimes activate Emotions that run Cold Endurance of Will — Fuels Stamina running Uphill Do not for a Second Hold — That which may help you Unfold Cosmic Benevolence in Mold — Of a Soul that cannot be Sold”
“Brain the most powerful weapons”
“Leaders are motivated either by the fear of failure or a strong desire to succeed. The former pushes them while the latter pulls them to their destiny. Life is better driven by strong desire than fear.”
