“ "We took the surveillance footage from the apartment given by the nightwatchman. He stated that a kid delivered flowers to Savanna, which was accurate. What he didn't know was the kid had taken Savanna by force.”
“  back then the sky seemed so vast. And now the sky above me  is low, and narrow, and heavy.”
“  broken crayons can still colour.”
“  omniscience about life and death is not within a physician's purview. A doctor should never write off a person a priori.”
“  the feeling that you’re not so much living your life as just trying to push through it won’t last forever. Someday you’ll be able to breathe.”
“  the world always moves on despite the chaos and waste in its midst.”
“ "Not everyone can find this book." Old Johan tapped the cover. "Only people who have a connection to this place. Her story isn't done yet." Hopefulness surged. His life had been all but perfect. Surrounded by his loved ones, never wanting for anything--- why would he have needed to hope? But he could only describe the soaring feeling in his chest as hope. Hope that he wasn't wrong about their connection. Hope that she would someday return here unattached. Hope that their story wasn't done. ”
“ A Brief for the Defense Sorrow everywhere. Slaughter everywhere. If babies are not starving someplace, they are starving somewhere else. With flies in their nostrils. But we enjoy our lives because that's what God wants. Otherwise the mornings before summer dawn would not be made so fine. The Bengal tiger would not be fashioned so miraculously well. The poor women at the fountain are laughing together between the suffering they have known and the awfulness in their future, smiling and laughing while somebody in the village is very sick. There is laughter every day in the terrible streets of Calcutta, and the women laugh in the cages of Bombay. If we deny our happiness, resist our satisfaction, we lessen the importance of their deprivation. We must risk delight. We can do without pleasure, but not delight. Not enjoyment. We must have the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless furnace of this world. To make injustice the only measure of our attention is to praise the Devil. If the locomotive of the Lord runs us down, we should give thanks that the end had magnitude. We must admit there will be music despite everything. We stand at the prow again of a small ship anchored late at night in the tiny port looking over to the sleeping island: the waterfront is three shuttered cafés and one naked light burning. To hear the faint sound of oars in the silence as a rowboat comes slowly out and then goes back is truly worth all the years of sorrow that are to come.”
“ A Dream Within A Dream Take this kiss upon the brow! And, in parting from you now, Thus much let me avow- You are not wrong, who deem That my days have been a dream; Yet if hope has flown away In a night, or in a day, In a vision, or in none, Is it therefore the less gone? All that we see or seem Is but a dream within a dream. I stand amid the roar Of a surf-tormented shore, And I hold within my hand Grains of the golden sand- How few! yet how they creep Through my fingers to the deep, While I weep- while I weep! O God! can I not grasp Them with a tighter clasp? O God! can I not save One from the pitiless wave? Is all that we see or seem But a dream within a dream?”
“ A Pause of Thought I looked for that which is not, nor can be, And hope deferred made my heart sick in truth But years must pass before a hope of youth Is resigned utterly. I watched and waited with a steadfast will: And though the object seemed to flee away That I so longed for, ever day by day I watched and waited still. Sometimes I said: This thing shall be no more; My expectation wearies and shall cease; I will resign it now and be at peace: Yet never gave it o'er. Sometimes I said: It is an empty name I long for; to a name why should I give The peace of all the days I have to live?-- Yet gave it all the same. Alas, thou foolish one! alike unfit For healthy joy and salutary pain: Thou knowest the chase useless, and again Turnest to follow it.”
“ But the Mahommedan religion increases, instead of lessening, the fury of intolerance. It was originally propagated by the sword, and ever since, its votaries have been subject, above the people of all other creeds, to this form of madness. In a moment the fruits of patient toil, the prospects of material prosperity, the fear of death itself, are flung aside. The more emotional Pathans are powerless to resist. All rational considerations are forgotten. Seizing their weapons, they become Ghazis—as dangerous and as sensible as mad dogs: fit only to be treated as such. While the more generous spirits among the tribesmen become convulsed in an ecstasy of religious bloodthirstiness, poorer and more material souls derive additional impulses from the influence of others, the hopes of plunder and the joy of fighting. Thus whole nations are roused to arms. Thus the Turks repel their enemies, the Arabs of the Soudan break the British squares, and the rising on the Indian frontier spreads far and wide. In each case civilisation is confronted with militant Mahommedanism. The forces of progress clash with those of reaction. The religion of blood and war is face to face with that of peace.”
“ Hope is a duty. Hope is our reality. Shelley says so and he believes it so, but for me the light has gone out. The light inside and the light outside. I have no lantern and no lighthouse. I am at sea in waves too high and the rocks wreck me.”
“ I listened to you say that we are all - Jana'ata and Runa and H'uman - children of a God so high that our ranks and our differences are as nothing in his far sight."   " I thought then that this was merely a song sung by a foreigner to a foolish girl who believed nonsense.   I was willing to hear this song, because I had once yearned for a world in which lives would be governed not by lineage and lust and moribund law, but by love and loyalty. In this one valley, such lives are possible, she said, "If it is a mistake to hope for such a world, then it is a magnificent mistake.”
“ In Tenebris I Wintertime nighs; But my bereavement-pain It cannot bring again: Twice no one dies. Flower-petals flee; But, since it once hath been, No more that severing scene Can harrow me. Birds faint in dread: I shall not lose old strength In the lone frost's black length: Strength long since fled! Leaves freeze to dun; But friends can not turn cold This season as of old For him with none. Tempests may scath; But love can not make smart Again this year his heart Who no heart hath. Black is night's cope; But death will not appal One who, past doubtings all, Waits in unhope.”
“ Inventory: "Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe. Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt. Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne. Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
“ It feels so strange, being here, at this place and in this circumstance. Years ago, we removed one child from Tatooine, thinking him to be the galaxy’s greatest hope. Now I have returned one – with the same goal in mind. I hope it goes better this time. Because the path to this moment has been filled with pain. For the whole galaxy, for my friends – and for me. I still can’t believe the Jedi Order is gone – and the Republic, corrupted and in the hands of Palpatine. And Anakin, corrupted as well. The holovids I saw of him slaughtering the Jedi younglings in the Temple still haunt my dreams  and shatter my heart into pieces, over and over again. But after the horror of children’s deaths, a child may bring hope, as well. It's as I said: the delivery is made. I’m standing on a ridge with my riding beast – a Tatooine eopie – looking back at the Lars homestead. Owen and Beru Lars are outside, holding the child. The last chapter is finished: a new one has begun. ”
“ Of course you are afraid , the monster said, pushing him slowly forward. And yet you will still do it. ”
“ Religion, n. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.”
“ The Coming of Light Even this late it happens: the coming of love, the coming of light. You wake and the candles are lit as if by themselves, stars gather, dreams pour into your pillows, sending up warm bouquets of air. Even this late the bones of the body shine and tomorrow’s dust flares into breath.”
“ The Voyager We are all lonely voyagers sailing on life's ebb tide, To a far off place were all stripling warriors have died, Sometime at eve when the tide is low, The voices call us back to the rippling water's flow, Even though our boat sailed with love in our hearts, Neither our dreams or plans would keep heaven far apart, We drift through the hush of God's twilight pale, With no response to our friendly hail, We raise our sails and search for majestic light, While finding company on this journey to the brighten our night, Then suddenly he pulls us through the reef's cutting sea, Back to the place that he asked us to be, Friendly barges that were anchored so sweetly near, In silent sorrow they drop their salted tears, Shall our soul be a feast of kelp and brine, The wasted tales of wishful time, Are we a fish on a line lured with bait, Is life the grind, a heartless fate, Suddenly, "HUSH", said the wind from afar, Have you not looked to the heavens and seen the new star, It danced on the abyss of the evening sky, The sparkle of heaven shining on high, Its whisper echoed on the ocean's spray, From the bow to the mast they heard him say, "Hope is above, not found in the deep, I am alive in your memories and dreams when you sleep, I will greet you at sunset and with the moon's evening smile, I will light your path home.. every last lonely mile, My friends, have no fear, my work was done well, In this life I broke the waves and rode the swell, I found faith in those that I called my crew, My love will be the compass that will see you through, So don't look for me on the ocean's floor to find, I've never left the weathered docks of your loving mind, For I am in the moon, the wind and the whale's evening song, I am the sailor of eternity whose voyage is not gone.”
“ This is the arena in which a spiritualized disobedience means most. It doesn't mean a second New Deal, another massive bureaucratic attack on our problems. It doesn't mean taking to the streets, throwing bricks through the window at the Bank of America, or driving a tractor through the local McDonald's. It means living differently. It means taking responsibility for the character of the human world. That's a real confrontation with the problem of value. In short, refusal of the present is a return to what Thoreau and Ruskin called "human fundamentals, valuable things," and it is a movement into the future. This movement into the future is also a powerful expression of that most human spiritual emotion, Hope. p.124”
“ To Hope Oh, Hope! thou soother sweet of human woes! How shall I lure thee to my haunts forlorn! For me wilt thou renew the wither’d rose, And clear my painful path of pointed thorn? Ah come, sweet nymph! in smiles and softness drest, Like the young hours that lead the tender year, Enchantress! come, and charm my cares to rest:— Alas! the flatterer flies, and will not hear! A prey to fear, anxiety, and pain, Must I a sad existence still deplore? Lo!—the flowers fade, but all the thorns remain, 'For me the vernal garland blooms no more.' Come then, 'pale Misery’s love!' be thou my cure, And I will bless thee, who, tho’ slow, art sure.”
“ To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness ”
“ Where there is life, Nan used to say, there is hope. ”
“ William Stegner coined the term 'the geography of hope,' countering the argument that wilderness preservation served elites with the assertion that wilderness could be a place in which everyone could locate their hopefulness even if few actually entered it. ”
“ [M]y inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose. I had a sudden feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life.”
“ and that's when I get to wondering, what would happen if I told her she something good, ever day?”
“ and we'll see what happens when we say Yes while this rigor mortis world screams No.”
“ art must must carry man's craving for the ideal, must be an expression of his reaching out towards it; that art must give man hope and faith. And the more hopeless the world in the artist's version, the more clearly perhaps must we see the ideal that stands in opposition - otherwise life becomes impossible! Art symbolises the meaning of our existence.”
“ but if there was one thing that all my years as the Spider, all the battles, all the brushes with my own death, had taught me, then it was THIS. That THIS was what was important. This moment right now and all the ones that we are lucky enough to have after it. Today, tomorrow, hell, maybe even forever.”
“ dare we live for one another? Dare we be happy?" "Child, it's our only hope. Let us make our love atone for the hate of our fathers. We have been doomed by their sins. Not that nor anythin' can keep us apart. I am a slayer of men, but I think God spoke to me today.”
“ don't get more anxious about feeling anxious, especially when the anxiety is so justifiable. It'll just lead to more anxiety. And there is definitely a tipping point   know that it's also anticipation   and possibility   and hope. Ride the waves   Feel the excitement. It lets you know you're alive.”
“ following my father's dictum: expect nothing but never lose hope.”
“ i had a dream when i was 22 that someday i would go to the region of ice and snow and go on and on till i came to one of the poles of the earth”
“ in the despair of routine any aberration is a radiant signal.”
“ left to ourselves we lapse into a kind of collusion with entrophy, acquiescing in the general belief that things may be getting worse but that there's nothing much we can do about them. And we are wrong. Our task in the present is to live as resurrection people in between Easter and the final day, with our Christian life, corporate and individual, in both worship and mission, as a sign of the first and a foretaste of the second.”
“ maybe she's a slut because she's lonely, she's sad, she's hoping someone or something will make the lonely and sad go away. It won't, of course. It never does. But nonetheless, there's not a girl who's more hopeful than a slut, more optimistic. She may give in but she doesn't give up. She keeps looking, she keeps hoping, she's always waiting for that someone who will say it: I love you, too.”
“ so far, the sunflowers blended into one another, creating a solid carpet of golden yellow. Somewhere out there was my future. I couldn't see it. But I knew it was there. And for the first time ever, I was excited to go out and find it.”
“ stooping very low, He engraves with care His Name, indelible, upon our dust; And from the ashes of our self-despair, Kindles a flame of hope and humble trust. He seeks no second site on which to build, But on the old foundation, stone by stone, Cementing sad experience with grace, Fashions a stronger temple of His own.”
“ the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.”
“ the monstrous thing is not that men have created roses out of this dung heap, but that, for some reason or other, they should want roses. For some reason or other man looks for the miracle, and to accomplish it he will wade through blood. He will debauch himself with ideas, he will reduce himself to a shadow if for only one second of his life he can close his eyes to the hideousness of reality. Everything is endured- disgrace, humiliation, poverty, war, crime, ennui- in the belief that overnight something will occur, a miracle, which will render life tolerable. And all the while a meter is running inside and there is no hand that can reach in there and shut it off.”
“ this crowd feels like a world in which peace can work out. Stricter laws on guns, mental health services provided to all, an end to shame around needing help, an honest conversation about the malady that is white supremacy. It can exist. It doesn’t have to be this complicated.”
“ we must be a beacon of hope, because if you tell people there's nothing they can do, they will do worse than nothing.”
“(Can human beings change? The humor, and the sadness, of remarriage comedies can be said to result from the fact that we have no good answer to that question.)”
“(Ezekial saw the wheel (Way up in the middle of the air -- (O Ezekial saw the wheel (Way in the middle of the air! (Now the big wheel runs by faith (And the little wheel runs by the grace of God -- (The above made up by professional hope experts, you might say, because willful, voluntary, intentional hope was the only kind they had in anything like long supply. Faith is not, contrary to the usual ideas, something that turns out to be right or wrong, like a gambler's bet; it's an act, an intention, a project, something that makes you, in leaping into the future, go so far, far, far ahead that you shoot clean out of Time and right into Eternity, which is not the end of time or a whole lot of time or unending time, but timelessness, that old Eternal Now. So that you end up living not in the future ((in your intentional "act of faith")) but in the present. After all. (Courage is willful hope.)”
“(I)t was different because she was alive, when she had so nearly been dead. And because that had been her choice. A choice to live. Because she had touched the vastness of life and within that vastness she had seen the possibility not only of what she could do, but also feel.”
“***A KEY WORD*** Imagined”
“, I asked my fellow debaters to share something that made them feel hopeful about the US. I gave the answer I always give: “This is a nation of dreamers.” As bad as things get sometimes, we never stop imagining a better way forward…”
“-I don't hope. It's a waste of time. It's dangerous, actually. -You are wrong. What is trully dangerous it's not to hope.”
“A Boat is to Sail, So it leaves a glittery trail. The Sun is to Shine, So with rays of hope it aligns!”
“A DAY LAYE" "Every dawn of our lives a heart is forged and Linked with lore to one so similar Born with blessed life dust Stored beneath its soul To bless and pass onto its children Even though the wind may blow it all away Don't ever worry 'cos I'm your friend.”
“A King and Queen cannot support a crown with eyes looking down. Their universe expands as far as you can see.”
“A Plan B life can be just as good or better than a Plan A life. You just have to let go of that first dream and realize that God has already written the first chapter of the new life that awaits you. All you have to do is start reading!”
“A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.”
“A bad day doesn't mean a bad week or a bad month or a bad year.”
“A beautiful girl! carrying the fire within her. she don't know how to quit ..”
“A broken girl makes a broken woman. We don’t have to stay broken. We smiled together, knowing this was our answer.”
“A changed soul, a forgiven heart, a journey of transformation.”
“A child who does not think about what happens around him and is content with living without wondering whether he lives honestly is like a man who lives from a scoundrel's work and is on the road to being a scoundrel.”
“A crush for whom I’m saving my first kiss.”
“A decision she made, To fly Not to fall by.”
“A dream so vibrant, a dream so blissful; I hold it close to my heart! In anxious nights & days of hope, These years have passed being lonely! One day, the dream to come true, If only!”
“A dried plant is nothing but a sign to plant a new one”
“A faithful God gives hope to face unknown future.”
“A few weeks ago I had a dream. I dreamed I was back at the house, in the red room, reading my microeconomics textbook. Maddy outside playing with Hope, and Agnes was preparing dinner. It was just like old times. I was elated. I knew all along that they weren't really dead. It was all just a terrible mistake. Maddy joined me in the library. Strangely, she didn't smell like anything. Not her usual crème brulee or green apples or candy. That's when I realized she was dead, though I didn't know I was dreaming. She apologized for everything and then proceeded to explain why things had turned out the way they had. Her story made complete sense. It was what I needed to hear. Finally I had an answer. Finally I could let go. And then she vanished When I woke up, in a pool of sweat, I couldn't remember a thing Maddy had said.”
“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
“A girl has to have a beautiful smile, Beautiful eyes and she should have a good sense of humor. She should be honest, loving and trustworthy.”
“A great battle is a terrible thing," the old knight said, "but in the midst of blood and carnage, there is sometimes also beauty, beauty that could break your heart.”
“A great hope fell You heard no noise The ruin was within.”
“A grieving person's like a person treading in deep water--if they've nothing to hold on to, they lose hope. They slide right under.”
“A key element in everyone’s hero’s journey is the “decision point,” the moment when, often following a crisis, the hero is confronted by a major choice, a crossroad, a life redirection, a safe or a risky option. Choose one path and your life changes in a certain way, choose another and you veer off into an alternate reality.”
“À l'aurore, armés d'une ardente patience, nous entrerons aux splendides Villes. (In the dawn, armed with a burning patience, we shall enter the splendid Cities.) ”
“A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope.”
“A loss of any kind is horrible. Not because it takes away, but because it makes you believe- in newspapers, in tomatoes, in empty whiskey bottles.”
“A man devoid of hope and conscious of being so has ceased to belong to the future.”
“A man is a fool to live in hopes of a better tomorrow. I have a thousand, better ways today to spend what time remains ahead of me, and I have brighter, lighter and more pleasant places in which to spend it.”
“A man is nothing without dreams. A man is called idiot while he dreams. Whatever he does, he'll be judged and thrown away from the circle of clowns. And yet he needs acceptance and security from sick society, which is discriminatory far too often. But a man is blinded by other people opinions. He wants to fly and they say, “You moron, you can't do that, it's forbidden, it's stupid.” And a man gives up on his dreams.”
“A man who plants a tree could never be called a pessimist.”
“A man without hope and a crow without wings are alike. Neither can go anywhere.”
“A memoir in which the author shares his impressive journey of emigrating to the United States to escape a difficult life in an impoverished Nigerian village. Born into an extremely poor family in Nigeria, ‘Deji Ayoade had early memories of wanting to come to America to do better for himself. For years, he dreamed about having a bright future in the United States. At seven, he promised his mother that one day he would be a doctor in America and take her and his siblings away from their dangerous and impoverished existence. By the age of thirty-three, ‘Deji had been in the United States for five years and was living his dream. He had earned a master’s degree, married and had a child, been recruited into the Navy, and become a US citizen. He makes good on the promise to his mother and brings her, his sister, and his sister’s baby to the United States. UNDERGROUND: A Memoir of Hope, Faith, and the American Dream is a well-structured, compelling memoir written by a determined man with big dreams, ambitious goals, and the strength to never lose sight of where he is headed. Commitment, intelligence, and drive contribute to his fulfilling what he deems to be his purpose in life. His accomplishments in the armed services are nothing short of admirable. Ayoade draws readers into the 1980s culture of the poorer regions of Nigeria with vivid descriptions of the sights, sounds, and smells of areas in which they lived. His credible recreation of scenes reveals insight into the civilization that had considerable influence on him. Family dynamics also play a significant role in Ayoade’s life. His recollection of his father’s contradictory behaviors both confuse and enlighten him. His fond memories of his grandmother—the family member he trusted the most—are heartfelt and touching. While coming to the United States offers many positive experiences for Ayoade, it doesn’t come without problems, and one that the author talks about with deep emotion and candidness is racism. Thoughtful in the way he acknowledges possible differences of perspectives, he describes how it feels to be looked at differently. One scene in particular demonstrates just how prejudiced and insensitive people can be when it comes to racial biases. Ayoade writes from the heart with emotion and honesty that demonstrate his passion for what he does in life. His ability to weave together a cohesive story from so many disparate fragments is remarkable. His religious faith and commitment to never-ending improvement for himself are inspiring and a basis for being a role model for others. UNDERGROUND: A Memoir of Hope, Faith, and the American Dream–author ‘Deji Ayoade’s reflections on overcoming enormous obstacles and emigrating from Nigeria to the United States–is candid, heartwarming, and inspirational.”
“A mouth of no distinction but well practiced, before I entered my teens, in irony. For what is irony but the repository of hurt? And what is hurt but the repository of hope?”
“A new year is to hide the old scar by hoping to heal the new ones ”
“A person can do incredible things if he or she has enough hope.”
“A rebel! How glorious the name sounds when applied to a woman. Oh, rebellious woman, to you the world looks in hope. Upon you has fallen the glorious task of bringing liberty to the earth and all the inhabitants thereof.”
“A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort's was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco's wand: "Avada Kedavra!" "Expelliarmus!" The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort's green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling, spinning through the air toward the master it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last.”
“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
“A story written but never told is lost to time.”
“A story written but never told is lost to time.” –Dustin Collins, author From: The Last Elder King”
“A sunset is only half of the story.”
“A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“A teaspoonful of peace is all we need to irrigate our hope and purify our soul.”
“A thousand desperate wishes have been spoken on these shores, and in the end they were all the same: Make me someone new.”
“A touch and a word from Jesus can change everything about your life. Do not settle for what it looks like right now or for what others believe about you or for what may have been spoken over you. There is life and hope in the promises of God.”
“A truly Christian love, either to God or men, is a humble broken-hearted love. The desires of the saints, however earnest, are humble desires. Their hope is a humble hope; and their joy, even when it is unspeakable and full of glory, is a humble broken-hearted joy, and leaves the Christian more poor in spirit, and more like a little child, and more disposed to a universal lowliness of behaviour.”
“A truth that was the beginning and seed of everything possible. A former curse and a present blessing. Three simple words containing the power and potential of a multiverse. I AM ALIVE.”
“A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love”
“A weak but steady throb lay beneath Kev's searching fingertips. Win's heartbeat the pulse that sustained his universe.”
“A willingness to survive is about believing in the possibility of a better future. Survival is about hope, and hope in moments of despair is virtuous.”
“A winner is not someone who wins. It's someone who tries and isn't afraid to lose.”
“A wise person keeps the faith and remains hopeful despite the dissemination of stupidity that surrounds them.”
“A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.”
“A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it.”
“A word builds a sentence, which builds a paragraph, which builds a page, which builds a chapter, which builds a book. Build with intent.”
“Above all shadows rides the Sun and Stars for ever dwell: I will not say the Day is done, nor bid the Stars farewell.”
“Above this crystal pool are rows of lighted candles, flames flickering in the wind. Carved orange lanterns line the crags. O, ignisfatuus, foolish fire. O, the lantern in the mire. Spirits quaking with the light, demon darkness, far too bright. Orange whispers, yellow cries; ever-haunting, numb good-byes. Good-bye, O childhood; Farewell, my nickel joys.”
“Accept that what you see is what you'll get. Once your relationship becomes firmly established, your partner's personality and the way in which [he or] she treats you will most likely be what your future together will look like. Staying with a partner whom you hope will change usually results in disappointment.”
“Accept what's yours. Honor what's theirs.”
“Action is what makes hope a reality.”
“After all, belief was like glass - once broken it could be pieced back together but the fissures would always be there.”
“After all, tomorrow is another day.”
“After every sunny day, comes a stormy night”
“After this is over, I want a shower in a really big bathroom." "I'll get us the penthouse." "What makes you think you'll be sharing it with me?" "I live in hope.”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness. Third should come understanding. Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
“Against the wishes of some of my contemporaries, I believe in, and have hope for, the Earth and its inhabitants.”
“Ain't no light that can get through something solid. It sneaks through the broken places.”
“All along the crystal cove the woven masks pace and pause from doorstep to doorstep. Shadows dance on the crest of the moon, as clouds, like dark bats, shift through the skies. The children in garments of glib disarray; the parents wear masks that won’t fade away. Olive and amber, sea and sky; salt and sand go winding by. One can sense the cries of hovering birds, the laughter of children, and frost-bitten air.”
“All beautiful distractions, ignites from you.”
“All broken things. Augmented with hope of Gold. A new Kentsugi Heart. (Haiku)”
“All cannot be lost when there is still so much being found”
“All deaths seem terrible to the one who dies.”
“All my desire was the conversion of the heathen and all my hope was in God. God does not suffer me to please or comfort myself with hopes of seeing friends, returning to my dear acquaintance, and enjoying worldly comforts.”
“All of sudden, this shooting star went by, and all I could think was that they were listening to us somehow. ”
“All of us are broken. We come from broken families with broken hearts, and we grieve broken dreams. We are broken up with and have breakdowns. We barely break even or are flat broke. Our bones break, and our spirits break. Our houses get broken into, and our skin breaks out. We are broken vessels with a broken compass and no clear direction. We wonder when we will have a breakthrough. Jesus knows brokenness. He understands each brand of brokenness, and he knows our brokenness does not have to be the end of our stories or define us. Life does not end during seasons of brokenness, but it changes us. We can find refuge in the One who broke himself so we can be healed. The benefits of having suffered deliver a superior understanding of the benefits of the cross.”
“All one had now was hope. She couldn’t let herself lose that. No matter how bleak things got, she would hold fast.”
“All peace ends from talking about others. All peace starts from stop talking about others. So choose peace.”
“All the choices we make in the face of fear impact our healing. We can make choices that move us forward with hope. Our choice of who and what to trust brings hope along the way. And finding that hope pushes us to survive, even thrive, instead of solely being afraid.”
“All these bad experiences that we go through, they don't just disappear. We carry them our whole life trying to forget, escaping in habits, addictions, hate, toxic relationships. But what we don't know is that by doing so we let them stay alive. We water them like withered flowers and we hang onto them to justify our mistakes and failures.”
“All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.”
“All we could do was fold our hands close to our hearts and pray to the Lord for His blessings. Although the prayers were a little part of my life, it still carried the load of big hopes. Prayers were not a last resort, it was my means of talking to god and planning for the better.”
“All we know, Midnight. The best of all we know. For Chestry Valley and its master we loved. For Nana. For Sugarloaf and Brimstone Farm. For Pop and Mom and Tom. For the foals to come. For yesterday and for all tomorrows, we dance the best we know. For good-by.”
“Although I do not hope to turn again Although I do not hope Although I do not hope to turn”
“Although I'm an atheist, I try not to crap all over people's belief in God. It may be nothing more than a placebo, a fairy tale that gives the hopeless hope, but sometimes a little hope is all people need to get through the day. Imagine a unit of soldiers under heavy enemy fire. They are told by their superiors to hold their position, even in the face of overwhelming fire power. The soldiers are being told that reinforcements are on the way, and that thought alone gives them the hope and courage to continue fighting, even if ultimately the reinforcements never arrive. I think some people simply need to believe that God is sending them reinforcements, to get through another day.”
“Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.”
“Although my husband relied upon me to manage the business, my signature was worthless, much like yours. Now that I am a widow, my signature is binding. It is a terrible price to pay, and I doubt you would wish to pay it.”
“Always it’s Spring)and everyone’s in love and flowers pick themselves.”
“Always keep a habit of saying, “see you again” instead of “Goodbye”. It is a ray of hope, without any expectation.”
“Always keep your head held high.”
“Always say yes, Rune. Always say yes to new adventures.”
“Am helped because I have hope in God, he is my Helper.”
“America is an idea, a dream rooted in a directed vision that boldly declares that life is not simply meant to be endured but enjoyed through our pursuit of happiness; that liberty and justice are not granted by a privileged few but earned by the oppressed through their devotion toward a more perfect union; and that the progress of inching ever closer toward the sanctity of what America must be takes a multigenerational marathon of endurance, vigilance, and, above all, responsibility.”
“Among the trees, I have come to find that there is no age limit to exploration. There is no end to learning.”
“An apple tree ‘mong wild trees, My Love is in my sight, I sit down in his shadow, His fruit is my delight.”
“An opportunity is a miracle waiting to happen.”
“An optimist is someone who brings sunglasses on a rainy day.”
“And I always clung too hard to hope. Not because there was any, but because I had trouble letting go.”
“And I sometimes think that a moment of touching is the difference between complete utter despair and the ability to carry on.”
“And I start to wonder if I will every manage to find something worth living for, admit all of these billions of billions of stars that shine down on me at this very moment. And what if I don't manage that? Do not find something to live for? Will I have to settle with giving up my dreams? So, in light of this, where is my speck of hope that will motive me to carry on after this monumental and life changing trip? Lost somewhere between the stars? Or maybe buried deep down within me, motivating me to keep carry on and doing my best, at whatever life throws at me?”
“And I understood that as long as there are dreamers left, there will never be want for a dream. And I understood just what we would do for each other, just what we would do for the ebb and pull of the dream, the bigger dream that held us all. Anything. Everything.”
“And a part of me duck egg cracked”
“And all that is to be, And seems to me, is full of possibilities.”
“And as I watched him, I knew that in every dark night there was, somewhere, a small light burning that could never be quenched.”
“And as his body thaws into hers, he is no longer sure where her pleasure ends and his begins, for bodies and minds deliquesce into something of a stupor.”
“And as my head hit the pillow that night, my prayer for my son remained simply that his last wish would finally be fulfilled…in some future moment through the same type of faith that allows a 600-year-old Quteniqua Yellowwood tree to grow from a single seed. His last wish being the chance of speaking to me about the one topic that his heart couldn’t find any rest while living on earth – that the true gift of that opportunity would truly come to fruition. In the interim, I had to follow in the words of Khalil Gibran when he said that there should be spaces between our togetherness to love one another “…but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your soul.” Space between our togetherness to find a way on its own accord, outside of the scrutiny of my mothering protection. That night, I went to bed with the reassuring, concluding words of Khalil Gibran “Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters with seared scars.” Scars seared with the anointing warmth of love, a reminder of love’s miracle, and the hope that my loving son would find his peace even from beyond the grave since love makes whole the broken and crooked parts of every story, including stories already lived and wishes never fulfilled because they all stem from the same seeds… Inexhaustible Love.”
“And books, they offer one hope -- that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.”
“And here, finally here in this place, in these circumstances, I will really have to kill him. And Snow will win. Hot, bitter hatred courses through me. Snow has won too much already today. It's a long shot, it's suicide maybe, but I do the only thing I can think of. I lean in and kiss Peeta full on the mouth. His whole body starts shuddering, but I keep my lips pressed to his until I have to come up for air. My hands slide up his wrists to clasp his. "Don't let him take you from me." Peeta's panting hard as he fights the nightmares raging in his head. "No. I don't want to " I clench his hands to the point of pain. "Stay with me." His pupils contract to pinpoints, dilate again rapidly, and then return to something resembling normalcy. "Always," he murmurs.”
“And hope is but a dream of those that wake.”
“And hope is like love a ridiculous, wonderful, powerful thing.”
“And in despair I bowed my head; "There is no peace on earth," I said; "For hate is strong, And mocks the song Of peace on earth, good-will to men!" Then pealed the bells more loud and deep: "God is not dead, nor doth he sleep! The Wrong shall fail, the Right prevail, With peace on earth, good-will to men!”
“And in that moment, everything I knew to be true about myself up until then was gone. I was acting like another woman, yet I was more myself than ever before.”
“And in the end, I fear I was becoming less of myself-give me a reason for this insanity if not love.”
“And indeed it could be said that once the faintest stirring of hope became possible, the dominion of plague was ended.”
“And isn't the whole world yours? For how often you set it on fire with your love and saw it blaze and burn up and secretly replaced it with another world while everyone slept. You felt in such complete harmony with God, when every morning you asked him for a new earth, so that all the ones he had made could have their turn. You thought it would be shabby to save them and repair them; you used them up and held out your hands, again and again, for more world. For your love was equal to everything.”
“And maybe that was why some people prayed so ardently. They hoped that God would take care of the things they couldn't. They hoped that there was justice and righteousness out there. People prayed because they were tired.”
“And now let us believe in a long year that is given to us, new, untouched, full of things that have never been, full of work that has never been done, full of tasks, claims, and demands; and let us see that we learn to take it without letting fall too much of what it has to bestow upon those who demand of it necessary, serious, and great things.”
“And now that its ruby eyes are set into the gold, you cannot see their tear-shape, so they seem to be laughing rather than crying. It is a constant reminder to me of the human ability to create something beautiful even when things are at the darkest.”
“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”
“And now we step to the rhythm of miracles. --from The Light, That Never Dies”
“And remember: you must never, under any circumstances, despair. To hope and to act, these are our duties in misfortune.”
“And she kisses him with a hunger, using her tongue, and he closes his eyes and sees only the brilliance of pure blinding light. ”
“And sometimes, just sometimes, out of every hundred; you are shinning on the inside. Sometimes sometimes, on the same day, universe decides to reflect you on the outside, it decides to shine too ,So you put a smile on your face, take a walk and watch it sharing your happiness, sharing your light ,breath it all in, take your boost and let the world lift you up till you actually believe that it has your back ,take the gift and take your credit, even if it's not your wings, cause this universe only reflects back, it gifts back, it's fair but it isn't an initiator. And maybe, just maybe if you believe in it, it will believe in you too, maybe then when it's raining on you, when it's too dark, when rock bottom gives you a concussion, you will look up with faith, and out of all the things showering on your head, you will find your favorite one, you will be gifted with stars, ones that can reflect on your inside, ones that can light you up back”
“And that's what love is, I suppose. The one thing that is most worth hoping for, and the one thing that's most surprising when it lands. Because it's better. It exceeds hope, makes hope nearsighted.”
“And the open road rolled out in front of us.”
“And the past held only this wisdom: that love was a damaging mistake, and its accomplice, hope, a treacherous illusion. And whenever those twin poisonous flowers began to sprout in the parched land of that field, Mariam uprooted them. She uprooted them and ditched them before they took hold.”
“And then I realized that sometimes it was God who planted such seed in my heart; to care, to love, to hope. Even it hurts a lot right now, enduring what God had planted in our hearts, do know that we are being taught with a lesson. And that lesson will make us a better person, maybe even the best version.”
“And then I told our story. Without our names. Without this town. I told a story of swords and sorrow and secrets. I told of a shadow who learned to breathe and a boy who learned to paint the world bright and new. The only three words I didn't say were "I love you." But every word had those three crammed between them. "I love you" was swinging from every syllable and hanging off every letter. I love you was whispered in every single line.”
“And then as the little plane climbed higher and Olive saw spread out below them fields of bright and tender green in this morning sun, farther out the coastline, the ocean shiny and almost flat, tiny white wakes behind a few lobster boats--then Olive felt something she had not expected to feel again: a sudden surging greediness for life. She leaned forward, peering out the window: sweet pale clouds, the sky as blue as your hat, the new green of the fields, the broad expanse of water--seen from up here it all appeared wondrous, amazing. She remembered what hope was, and this was it. That inner churning that moves you forward, plows you through life the way the boats below plowed the shiny water, the way the plane was plowing forward to a place new, and where she was needed.”
“And then it occurs to me. They are frightened. In me, they see their own daughters, just as ignorant, just as unmindful of all the truths and hopes they have brought to America. They see daughters who grow impatient when their mothers talk in Chinese, who think they are stupid when they explain things in fractured English. They see that joy and luck do not mean the same to their daughters, that to these closed American-born minds "joy luck" is not a word, it does not exist. They see daughters who will bear grandchildren born without any connecting hope passed from generation to generation.”
“And tomorrow always came. Again and again and again. It marched on to infinity. It went on without end.”
“And when I raised myself to look at the man who’d spoken, I had a feeling of leaving my misery behind me there on the stone wall.”
“And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me”
“And when the dawn comes creeping in, Cautiously I shall raise Myself to watch the daylight win.”
“And when the day closes, I shall know I have done my part. To every soul, who feels that there's a bunch of dreams left unrealised, remember that as long as the Life remains, the possibility to dream remains. Remember that sometimes some dreams that we paint in our hearts are not meant to grow us in our journey of Life and then while we walk along the path, even the detours and broken dreams pave way to a whole lot of waking dreams that only the heart of gratitude can see and feel. I have seen and felt, that sometimes some souls have to go through a lot of trials and tribulations, lessons and sufferings, and even then they never fail to wear kindness and grace simply because they know that what happens around them should not intrude upon what is inside their heart. To know that we are here for a purpose and to not live idly, to know that the purpose is as simple as to stay kind and open to every possibility is as beautiful as the sky who knows no matter how dark the night is the stars would always lit her face. In a world where everything comes at a price, if you're choosing to stay kind, if you're choosing to value your dignity and your integrity, if your choosing to understand and embrace the smile of Solitude, if you're choosing to employ your faculties to understand the real questions of Life, then you're alive, much more alive than your human dreams could have made you feel. Because no matter what, when sunset hits the night, and the day comes to a close you know you've done your part, you know you have embraced one more day with gratitude and grace, with a formidable zeal for Life and an invincible spirit of human understanding that stands firm pillared with Hope and Faith. And then no matter how many voices shrill your mind, the echo of your soul would pierce through your heart and enlighten every inch of your mind, body and soul, and you would know how proud the Universe must be to see the faithfulness, the strength and resilience in your soul, the very mould that was shaped in the fire of the Stardust that shines upon the sky, sometimes becoming a beacon to others while sometimes lying beautifully hidden but always there, always alive. And so each time, I look at the sky with a bunch of stars, I know I am alive, burning with all that Life is made up of. And someday when the day closes for another dawn altogether, I shall know that I have done my part, pretty well.”
“And when we had talked together for a great time hope returned to me and I rejoiced that I had not killed myself.”
“And worse I may be yet: the worst is not So long as we can say 'This is the worst.”
“Andy Dufresne: 'That's the beauty of music. They can't get that from you haven't you ever felt that way about music?' Red: 'I played a mean harmonica as a younger man. Lost interest in it though. Didn't make much sense in here.' Andy: 'Here's where it makes the most sense. You need it so you don't forget.' Red: 'Forget?' Andy: 'Forget that there are places in this world that aren't made out of stone. That there's something inside that they can't get to, that they can't touch. That's yours.' Red: 'What're you talking about?' Andy: 'Hope.”
“Annabeth,” he said hesitantly, “in New Rome, demigods can live their whole lives in peace.” Her expression turned guarded. “Reyna explained it to me. But, Percy, you belong at Camp Half-Blood. That other life—” “I know,” Percy said. “But while I was there, I saw so many demigods living without fear: kids going to college, couples getting married and raising families. There’s nothing like that at Camp Half-Blood. I kept thinking about you and me…and maybe someday when this war with the giants is over…” It was hard to tell in the golden light, but he thought Annabeth was blushing. “Oh,” she said… “I’m sorry,” he said. “I just…I had to think of that to keep going. To give me hope. Forget I mentioned—” “No!” she said. “Gods, Percy, that’s so sweet.”
“Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action.”
“Any fool can hope when success lies plainly in view. It wants genuine strength to hope when matters are hopeless.”
“Anything seems possible at night when the rest of the world has gone to sleep.”
“Anything under God's control is never out of control.”
“Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.”
“Anyway, I wanted to get rid of it all & start a new life in Tokyo with a clean slate as a brand-new person. Try out the new possibilities of a new me.”
“Anyway, the MI-17 made for one hell of a ride. It was a monstrous chopper, more like an armoured tank in the sky. Th e insides had a few metal seats on either side. First-come-fi rst-served, you sat wherever you found space. The mothers took the seats and the brats sat on the cold metal floor, among camouflage-green nets, wooden boxes and miscellaneous military cargo. As the chopper rose, I peered at my father waving from the small helipad made by plateauing a mountain top with the Army’s engineering expertise. Some moments stay with you forever. Th is particular one has stood the test of time. As we fl ew off to the safest military base, I stuck my nose against the tiny window and kept waving back till my father became an olive-hued speck on the concrete helipad.”
“Apathy is hope relegated to myth.”
“Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.”
“Are we alone? Over time, you will come up with various answers to that same nagging question. Eventually one day it will occur to you that this endless asking is the answer you have been looking for. The fact that we have an ongoing dialogue with the universe is proof enough that there is "something" out there.”
“Arguments are arguments with or without luck. Sometimes life is disgustingly unfair. It doesn’t change the fact that you have to keep trying to live life as you want it to be. If we let the pain destroy us, there’s no hope for anything.”
“As I age in the world it will rise and spread, and be for this place horizon and orison, the voice of its winds. I have made myself a dream to dream of its rising, that has gentled my nights. Let me desire and wish well the life these trees may live when I no longer rise in the mornings to be pleased with the green of them shining, and their shadows on the ground, and the sound of the wind in them.”
“As I look toward this new year, I’m tempted to be afraid. I am walking into another blackhole. But I know whatever comes, the Lord will be by my side just as He was back then in that dark pit of my thoughts. No matter how deep the canyon of forgetfulness is that I will fall into, He is deeper still.”
“As Kevin climbed the three flights of stairs to his apartment, his brain formulated a vague plan of action. He could not have explained it to anyone or even to himself in coherent sentences. But the outline was there in Kevin’s subconscious. It would not only change his life, but many others, as well. A Call to Action had been born.”
“As a man thinketh, so is he? The Faith of a mustard seed? I planted those words in my thoughts and still my mind wound up lost between my dreams and reality.”
“As long as I fight, I am moved by hope; and if I fight with hope, then I can wait.”
“As long as the sun’s shining, shit can’t be that bad.”
“As long as there's life, there's hope.”
“As long as they could still be moved by a minor chord, or brought to a crisis of tears by scenes of lovers reunited; as long as there was room in their cautious hearts for games of chance, and laughter in the face of God, that must surely be enough to save them, at the last. If not, there was no hope for any living thing.”
“As long as you don’t die, life is worth another chance, you can always push forward, we never know what tomorrow holds, but hope allows us to enjoy the best we knew nothing about.”
“As much as she hated the choice that Jacks was making, she didn't want to take it away. Instead, she hoped, one final time, that he would make a better one.”
“As pragmatic as Kitan was in his daily means of execution, he had an inner drive that was starry-eyed and childlike.”
“As puzzled as I was by my classmates’ assumptions, their classification of me as a Black American nonetheless comforted me. Could it be that now, finally, I had my own group to belong to? Would Black Americans claim me just because the whites assigned me to them?”
“As spring comes with thick pink blooms, daffodil openings and lavender lilies, the earth starts singing a song of awakening, and from the depths of despair comes the landscape of colors and hope for spring rain falls on the grounds at last. The earth is reborn with smiling blossoms and you believe in something called second chances.”
“As the earth dies your spirit will bloom; as the world fades your soul will rise and glisten. Amongst the dehydrated crevices of a desert earth you will stumble upon your diamonds; in between the dry skulls and cracked bones you will find your sapphires.”
“As we continued walking, the pebbles by the bank made a pleasant crunching sound under our feet. Their edges were polished to perfection by the continual friction of the water – revealing their innermost colours like polished diamonds. A particular stone caught my attention. It was shining among a sea of smooth grey ones. Picking it up, I gaped at it. This one was grey in colour like all the others except it had bands of iridescent blue running across its width. The bands were the same magnifi cent hue of blue as the skies above. Did it break and fall from the skies and soak up the grey from its common companions? Was this some kind of fall from grace, because it really didn’t seem to belong where I found it. I smiled at the treasure I had chanced upon and popped it in the bag on my shoulder. This was going back with me. A forever memory of this day.”
“As we heal As we grow slow As we unapologeticly feel As we do whatever to make our spirits glow . We are allowed to get lost in the way to hit rock bottoms , and sink into our scariest fears . Because we are always have a chance to rise from the aches , we always have tomorrow to be whole again…”
“As we sail in the voyage of life, the love and joy we shared count more than anything else. Let them feel the rhythm of our heart, share them the music of our soul, for a meaningful, fulfilling moments of today, for a hopeful, promising and joyful tomorrow”
“As we talked, I came to understand that hope is like a happy childhood; it equips its beneficiaries to deal with the traumas that inevitably ensue. It is experienced as primal love. (p.15)”
“As we turn to God, he provides strength for our weakness, peace for our anxiety and hope for our despair.”
“As we walk back, it feels like the city is engulfing us. Adrenalin still pours through our veins. Sparks flow through to our fingers. We've still been running in the mornings, but the city's different then. It's filled with hope and with bristles of winter sunshine. In the evening, it's like it dies, waiting to be born again the next morning.”
“Ask and it shall be given you,'" I began. "'Seek and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you; For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.' We have the same message in the Book of Saint John," I said, sounding for all the world like a preacher ." Well, but how could I just stop there? Those words were worse than nothing if I didn't tell what they meant to Grandpa. Looking at the long rough box, I spoke timid, in a mumbled voice. Not preachified at all. "Grandpa didn't think Jesus meant, by that, that we should ast God for things, or for special favors. He said we could trust that in the nature of things, without astin', we'll get lots of blessin's and happy surprises and maybe a miracle or two. When Jesus said ast and you'll get it, He meant things of the spirit, not the flesh. Right now for instance, I could ast, 'Lord please raise Grandpa from the dead,' but it wouldn't happen. But I can say, 'Please, God, comfort me,' and I'll get heart's ease. Grandpa said Jesus meant us to ast for hope, forgiveness, and all that. Ast, 'Hep us not be scared, hep us not be greedy, give us courage to try." I was really carried away. "Ast any such and God will give it to you. But don't ast Him not to let fire burn, or say spare me from death. At least, uh, that's what Grandpa said.”
“Ask me again. Ask me how I'm doing. Just ask. I'll tell. But he doesn't ask. Instead, he says he's proud of me and stands up, eyes lingering on the bathroom door for a second as the water turns off. He kisses the top of my head. "What did I ever do to deserve such a perfect daughter?" My chest deflates. I swallow my words. I hide them deep behind my ribs, tucked neatly by my heart, with all the other words I keep.”
“Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?”
“Astride of a grave and a difficult birth. Down in the hole, lingeringly, the grave digger puts on the forceps. We have time to grow old. The air is full of our cries. But habit is a great deadener. At me too someone is looking, of me too someone is saying, He is sleeping, he knows nothing. Let him sleep on.”
“At last, what a person is without a past?”
“At once a voice arose among The bleak twigs overhead In a full-hearted evensong Of joy illimited; An aged thrush, frail, gaunt, and small, In blast-beruffled plume, Had chosen thus to fling his soul Upon the growing gloom. So little cause for carollings Of such ecstatic sound Was written on terrestrial things Afar or nigh around, That I could think there trembled through His happy good-night air Some blessed Hope, whereof he knew And I was unaware.”
“At present we are on the outside of the world, the wrong side of the door. We discern the freshness and purity of morning, but they do not make us fresh and pure. We cannot mingle with the splendours we see. But all the leaves of the New Testament are rustling with the rumour that it will not always be so. Some day, God willing, we shall get in.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“At such moments the collapse of their courage, willpower, and endurance was so abrupt that they felt they could never drag themselves out of the pit of despond into which they had fallen. Therefore they forced themselves never to think about the problematic day of escape, to cease looking to the future, and always to keep, so to speak, their eyes fixed on the ground at their feet. But, naturally enough, this prudence, this habit of feinting with their predicament and refusing to put up a fight, was ill rewarded. For, while averting that revulsion which they found so unbearable, they also deprived themselves of those redeeming moments, frequent enough when all is told, when by conjuring up pictures of a reunion to be, they could forget about the plague. Thus, in a middle course between these heights and depths, they drifted through life rather than lived, the prey of aimless days and sterile memories, like wandering shadows that could have acquired substance only by consenting to root themselves in the solid earth of their distress.”
“At the bottom of her heart, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like shipwrecked sailors, she turned despairing eyes upon the solitude of her life, seeking afar off some white sail in the mists of the horizon. She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her, if it would be a shallop or a three-decker, laden with anguish or full of bliss to the portholes. But each morning, as she awoke, she hoped it would come that day; she listened to every sound, sprang up with a start, wondered that it did not come; then at sunset, always more saddened, she longed for the morrow.”
“At the end of the day I went to this place where your memories left footsteps on my skin and the breath of your touch stained my desire. Yea, it was one of those nights where I needed you the most.”
“At times you’ve no one around to be blamed for all the shit you have to go through in life. It’s not always the mistake of the people of the world that you were not granted something you wished so bad to have. It’s just not written for you. It’s not as easy to feel as it sounds to hear this fact from your loved ones who’re trying to console you or read anywhere on a paper, unless and until you’re in those circumstances experiencing the thing you loved the most taken away from your hands. Every second feels like torture that you’ve never heard, never encountered, or experienced before.”
“At what point do you give up - decide enough is enough? There is only one answer really. Never.”
“At what point in our lives do we stop blurring? When do we become crisp individuals? What must we do in order to end these fuzzy identities - to clarify just who it is we really are? -Richard”
“Atheists don't believe in hope and faith. People think being an atheist makes them seem smart but it also strips them from fundamental qualities that are very needed in a world immersed in darkness.”
“Aura, I'm really patient, but I'm not a bloody saint.”
“Bad art has the power to deform a people just as good art generates new reflection, growth, vision, and hope.”
“Be Sure To Notice When You're Happy”
“Be You, Do You, and Don't Change For Nobody But You”
“Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.”
“Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.”
“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
“Be so selfless & kind to the world so that you have to forget expectations & hopes in return.”
“Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining”
“Be strong. Even when you can't be.”
“Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
“Be the monarch of your life and sign the decree to exile suffering and call back from all points of the universe the power of birds and flowers, the vitality of youth. The whole universe will smile when your eyes smile.”
“Because I don't think God trusts just anybody with so much heartache. The world has not yet seen what God can do with a man who gives both halves of a broken heart to him. And I don't doubt that a man like that can change the world or at least a little part of it.”
“Because hope comes from in you, and wishes are just magic.”
“Because love is imagination, it has the power to open unsuspected horizons, kindle hope, and make us to our best friends, rousing affection, good feelings, sunniness, attachment, and passion. ( "Alpha and Omega")”
“Because now that it's finally morning, the shadows are beginning to fade, the shadows that have been covering my mind and my soul. Now that they're gone, I can almost start to see the way, and it's different from the one they'd convinced me was all I could have.”
“Because the winter glass that is bitten by frost, does clear out when the sun shines . And there is sunshine always at last!”
“Because you helped that opichi, it helped you in return. Truly generous hearts recognize one another, little one.”
“Become your own soulmate. Then you'll always have someone watching your back, and you'll always have someone who loves you.”
“Becoming fearless is both an achievement and an ongoing journey. For me, it’s also a commitment and a way of life. I pray it will be the same for you.”
“Before my head hit the pillow that night, I thought of these concluding words by Desmond Tutu: “Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.” Hope is that last act of faith when we feel the least like being faithful. Hope is the connection shared between the memory of was and the freedom of giving it space to be – even if that means consciously letting go when we truly just want to hold on…hopeful that things will stay the same. We’ll know that we have reached healing when we look back upon the experience, and we thank the experience through our sincere feelings of gratitude for helping us to become more courageous of heart. That’s usually when we realize that the only limitations of life are moments when we had a small mindset…or in the words of an old Zen saying: “We don’t find the answers. We lose the questions.” Let the questions flow past the banks where the fever tree grows, as we scoop up waters of hope, and hold onto that until it trickles through our fingers and back into the source of all change, the river of hope. The same place that houses our deeper thinking and commitment toward higher living just like the strength of the fever trees, an embodiment of hope. Bright green hope…the fever tree way.”
“Behind the veil of each night, there is a smiling dawn.”
“Behind us, the man laughed. "Looks like we aren't the only ones looking for a little diversion. There's an empty office right over there, guys." Marsten raised his hand in thanks. The couple moved on. I let the kiss continue for five more seconds, then pulled away. "They're gone," I said. Marsten frowned, as if surprised-and disappointed-that I'd noticed. I tugged my hair from his hands. "Okay, coast clear," I said. "Let's go." He let out a small laugh. "I see I need to brush up on my kissing." "No, you have that down pat." "She says with all the excitement of a teacher grading a math quiz " "A-plus. Now let's move. Before someone else comes along.”
“Behold, we know not anything; I can but trust that good shall fall At last -- far off -- at last, to all, And every winter change to spring.”
“Being a cheerful hobbit, he had not needed hope, as long as despair could be postponed.”
“Being a survivor doesn't mean we will never be scared or will only feel strong inside all the time. It's about acknowledging current reality while taking small steps moving forward with hope and courage.”
“Being different isn't a bad thing. It means you're brave enough to be yourself - Luna Lovegood”
“Being hopeful means never doubting that morning is on its way even in the darkest darkness of night, and acting with the psychological superiority of this thought!”
“Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them.”
“Belief in God gives you hope, and hope tells you that your situation will improve soon.”
“Believe in the hope of your Life Illusion because this is the only real thing that you posses!”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Believe it is possible to solve your problem. Tremendous things happen to the believer. So believe the answer will come. It will.”
“Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved.”
“Believe that tomorrow will be better than today.”
“Believe that you can make your way. Or don't. Either way, you are right.”
“Believe that you’ll survive another day, Roderich. And don’t just believe in tomorrow. Believe in next week, and next month, and next year. Believe in survival. Believe in joyful survival.”
“Believing that it is in the human nature to seek truth more than it seeks hope and alleviation, because a few individuals were staunch truth-seekers, is to believe that, because parrots can speak, it is in the nature of the birds to speak! Heraclitus, Galileo, Darwin, Spinoza, Einstein and a few thousands more against the about 117 billions who have walked the Earth…”
“Below me Rontu was running along the cliffs barking at the screaming gulls. Pelicans were chattering as they finished the blue water. But suddenly I thought of Tutok, and the island seemed very quiet.”
“Besides the lonely people and the ones who thought we were darling, there were some … two that day … who really felt it was an omen to open the door and be offered a chance, a choice. They took up the most time, but we didn’t mind … waited, breathless too, while they talked to themselves.”
“Besides, dearie, your mother didn’t really die alone. God was with her till the last breath left her chest. Even had you been there, you couldn’t have healed her, not with all your medicine and equipment. God alone numbers our days. God alone heals, and He did—the very moment your mother stepped into heaven. Of that, ye can rest assured.”
“Betsy was so full of joy that she had to be alone. She went upstairs to her bedroom and sat down on Uncle Keith's trunk. Behind Tacy's house the sun had set. A wind had sprung up and the trees, their color dimmed, moved under a brooding sky. All the stories she had told Tacy and Tib seemed to be dancing in those trees, along with all the stories she planned to write some day and all the stories she would read at the library. Good stories. Great stories. The classics. Not Rena's novels.”
“Betterment of where I belong matters.”
“Between the walls of the known and unknown, there live the beliefs.”
“Between what i see in a field and what I see in another field There passes for a moment the figure of a man. His steps go with “him” in the same reality, But I look at him and them, and they’re two things: The “man” goes walking with his ideas, false and foreign, And his steps go with the ancient system that makes legs walk. I see him from a distance without any opinion at all. How perfect that he is in him what he is — his body, His true reality which doesn’t have desires or hopes, But muscles and the sure and impersonal way of using them.”
“Beware how you take away hope from another human being”
“Bhalu looked like an unkempt, wild version of the most majestic dog I had ever laid eyes on – her name was Grace. My Grace. A German shepherd, a monster puppy who grew up to be a lady. Forever remembered fondly (by me) for taking regular puppy-sized dumps in Neha’s slippers and shoes, for being the reason Neha and I would have to figure innovative ways to save ourselves and run for cover if she were in the vicinity, for chewing up our toes like her life depended on it, for shredding curtains, socks, shoes and anything she could get a hold of with rare delight, for a bark so fierce yet feminine that people feared pressing the bell at our gates.”
“Bilba nodded and headed to Syrath, climbing onto his back with Fili behind her. They lifted off, the ground falling away behind them and she leaned against Fili, mentally picturing the final shards of the shell she'd built around herself falling away below her. She was neither the naïve girl she'd been before her mother's death or the well of never-ending hate she'd been after. She was Bilba, the daughter of Belladonna Took and Dwalin, son of Fundin. She was Orcrist, Orc Cleaver, protector of the weak and defenseless. She was the rider of Syrath, the partner and One of Fili, son of Vili, Crown Prince of Erebor. She was her father's daughter and her mother's light. She was more than what the orcs had tried to make her, more than what she'd made herself and more than the false foundations upon which she'd built her life. She would rebuild again and, this time, it wouldn't be on the false hope of a fictional father she'd created in her mind and it wouldn't be on the twisted lie given to her by hate. It would be based on truth, on what Fili and Syrath saw in her, what she was just starting to see in herself and what she saw when she looked at her father. It would be based on allowing people in, not shutting them out. And, this time, her foundation would be unshakable.”
“Biology has, for a long time, been her favourite way of knowing the world.”
“Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.”
“Blind, broke, jobless, and frustrated, Kevin found it difficult to get through the following few months. But he had one big thing going for him. He was sober. It was a new beginning.”
“Bond is stronger than blood. The family grows stronger by bond.”
“Books are finite, sexual encounters are finite, but the desire to read and to fuck is infinite; it surpasses our own deaths, our fears, our hopes for peace.”
“Books are precious things, but more than that, they are the strong backbone of civilization. They are the thread upon which it all hangs, and they can save us when all else is lost.”
“Books open the doors that others have closed on you.”
“Bree, hope is healthy. Even if you prepare yourself for the worst in life, it will never make the fall hurt less.”
“Brighter days are yet to come, keep on working, hoping and expecting. Dark clouds never stay long after they've poured down the rain”
“Broken heart will turn into a stronger one within hope.”
“Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you’re safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.”
“Brooklyn was a dream. All the things that happened there just couldn't happen. It was all dream stuff. Or was it all real and true and was it that she, Francie, was the dreamer?”
“Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.”
“Bursts of hope make despair harder to live with.”
“But I do think it’s important that we stay hopeful about our capacity to overcome that bigotry. And I am persuaded that hopelessness is the enemy of justice; that if we allow ourselves to become hopeless, we become part of the problem. I think you’re either hopeful, or you’re the problem. There’s no neutral place. Injustice prevails where hopelessness persists. And if I’ve inherited anything from the generation who came before me, I have inherited their wisdom about the necessity of hope.”
“But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”
“But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of.”
“But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic.”
“But everything I have to give, I'll give to you”
“But for me hope is radical; hope is the last bastion of our defense. It’s when we lose hope that we believe that we have lost everything. Also, hope is a discipline. It’s a practice. Like you train for a marathon, you train to be hopeful everyday. That’s part of the political imagination that I believe we need for political movements or any sustained acts of resistance. These new worlds are already here—they are maps of survival, maps of resistance. These may not be perfect worlds or even equal worlds, but they strive to be. This might not seem like much, but it is absolutely essential.”
“But hope is no less realistic than despair. It is still our choice whether to live in light or lie down in darkness.”
“But hope rises like water trapped by a dam, higher and higher, in increments that mean nothing until you face the flood.”
“But hope, I can tell you, is an exhausting emotion; perhaps, along with fear, the most exhausting of all. It is like juggling eggs: the hope is the shell, and inside is despair. A single crack and the despair might spill everywhere, stain everything.”
“But hope, you know? It’s like a boot that won’t break in. Hurts to walk in it, hurts worse to go barefoot.”
“But hoping," he said, "is how the impossible can be possible after all.”
“But human beings are not machines, and however powerful the pressure to conform, they sometimes are so moved by what they see as injustice that they dare to declare their independence. In that historical possibility lies hope.”
“But if you ask me what I remember (about 1945), I will say it was the year Franklin D. Roosevelt died and I got one of his flowers. I will tell you that yellow rose give me the courage to do the right thing even if it was hard. I will say it was the time in my life when I learned all of us is fragile as a mimosa blossom. But the miracle of all is, When push comes to shove, we can be just as tough as Hickory. It mostly hurts at first. After a while it starts to feel better.”
“But it is a blessed provision of nature that at times like these, as soon as a man's mercury has got down to a certain point there comes a revulsion, and he rallies. Hope springs up, and cheerfulness along with it, and then he is in good shape to do something for himself, if anything can be done.”
“But it’s not about dwelling on the past, it’s about fighting for my father’s future. In my heart, I know he is innocent… and as long as he rots in prison for her murder, I owe it to him to keep searching for the real killer. I’m not looking back. It’s about setting things right. And although sometimes when you try to set things right… you risk letting other people down. You must not let that keep you from moving forward. If you’re not moving, you’re not living. My mom taught me that. I love her for that. And so I run. For her. For everybody. ‘Cause no matter what happened in the past… no matter how bad it gets, or how many hits I take… I will always keep trying.”
“But love doesn't always generate hope. Anyone who has ever experienced love knows that you can have too much love or too little. You can have love that parches, love that defeats. You can have love measured out in the wrong proportions. It's like your sunlight and water--the wrong kind of love is just as likely to stifle hope as it is to nourish it.”
“But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. what greed and privilege to build up over whole centuries the indignation of a pious spirit, with its natural following of oppressed souls, will cast down with a single shove.”
“But no matter how much evil I see, I think it’s important for everyone to understand that there is much more light than darkness.”
“But only a person in the depths of despair neglected to look beyond winter to the spring that inevitably followed, bringing back color and life and hope.”
“But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.”
“But she loves me. Me. Just the way I am.”
“But something like this--I want to, no, need to put the photo out into the world, into the universe, as if the second that pictures exists somewhere besides my phone is the moment I'll start to exist, too.”
“But still hope.”
“But that's just it; I can either focus on what I have lost, or what I have gained, and I choose the latter.”
“But the Count hadn’t the temperament for revenge; he hadn’t the imagination for epics; and he certainly hadn’t the fanciful ego to dram of empires restored. No. His model for mastering his circumstances would be a different sort of captive altogether: an Anglican washed ashore. Like Robinson Crusoe stranded on the Isle of Despair, the count would maintain his resolve by committing to the business of practicalities. Having dispensed with dreams of quick discovery, the world’s Crusoes seek shelter and a source of fresh water; they teach themselves to make fire from flint; they study their island’s topography, it’s climate, its flora and fauna, all the while keeping their eyes trained for sails on the horizon and footprints in the sand.”
“But then again, he would think, what about his life- and about Jude's life, too- wasn't it a miracle? He should have stayed in Wyoming, he should have been a ranch hand himself. Jude should have wound up - where? In prison, or in a hospital, or dead, or worse. But they hadn't. Wasn't it a miracle that someone who was basically unexceptional could life a life in which he made millions pretending to be other people, that in that life that person would fly from city to city, would spend his days having his every need fulfilled, working in which he was treated like the potentate of a small, corrupt country? Wasn't it a miracle to be adopted at thirty, to find people who loved you so much that they wanted to call you their own? Wasn't it a miracle to have survived the unsurvivable?Wasn't friendship its own miracle, the finding of another person who made the entire lonely world seem somehow less lonely? Wasn't this house, this beauty, this comfort, this life a miracle?”
“But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.”
“But those who believe that flowers grow in vases don't understand anything about literature. The library has now become her first-aid kit, and she's going to give the children a little of the medicine that helped her recover her smile when she thought she'd lost it forever.”
“But try to remember that a good man can never die. You will see your brother many times again-in the streets, at home, in all the places of the town. The person of a man may go, but the best part of him stays. It stays forever.”
“But we believe – nay, Lord we only hope, That one day we shall thank thee perfectly For pain and hope and all that led or drove Us back into the bosom of thy love.”
“But we were born of risen apes, not fallen angels, and the apes were armed killers besides. And so what shall we wonder at? Our murders and massacres and missiles, and our irreconcilable regiments? Or our treaties whatever they may be worth; our symphonies however seldom they may be played; our peaceful acres, however frequently they may be converted into battlefields; our dreams however rarely they may be accomplished. The miracle of man is not how far he has sunk but how magnificently he has risen. We are known among the stars by our poems, not our corpses.”
“But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence; the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.”
“But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.”
“But whichever form it took it brought with it, in those moments of bitter anguish, such a desperate surge of hope that it was almost untouchable, and flitted away like a golden butterfly into the bright blue sky - beautiful, unreachable and completely transistent.”
“But you can build a future out of anything. A scrap, a flicker. The desire to go forward, slowly, one foot at a time. You can build an airy city out of ruins.”
“But you cannot defeat hope; it is very much like a germ that remains dormant in the souls of men, the type that can be contained but never killed.”
“But, oh, when gloomy doubts prevail, I fear to call thee mine; The springs of comfort seem to fail, And all my hopes decline. Yet, gracious God, where shall I flee? Thou art my only trust; And still my soul would cleave to thee, Though prostrate in the dust.”
“By the time the last few notes fade, his hope will be restored, but each time he's force to resort to the Adagio it becomes harder, and he knows its effect is finite. There are only a certain number of Adagios left in him, and he will not recklessly spend this precious currency. ”
“CHANGE IS A CHALLENGE, BUT IT’S NOT AS DIFFICULT AS CONTINUING TO LIVE IN THE MADNESS OF ANXIETY.”
“CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler. MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing. CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing. MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged. CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed. MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed. CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying. MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing. CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding  planet-cremating. MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing. CHORONZON: I am Anti-Life, the Beast of Judgment. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, gods, worlds  of everything. Sss. And what will you be then , Dreamlord? MORPHEUS: I am hope.”
“CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!”
“Caffeine suspends hopelessness.”
“Can I join you at lunch?" She paused. "You have every other day." He laughed, a sound as musical as the chiming song of the lupine fey when they ran. "Yes. But you resented it every other day." "What makes you think I won't resent it today?" "Hope. It's what I live on ”
“Carry the fire.”
“Chapters - Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn’t mean the end of the book.”
“Chicken Little was right!”
“Children are our crop, our fields, our earth. They are birds let loose into darkness. They are errors renewed. Still, they are the only source from which may be drawn a life more successful, more knowing than our own. Somehow they will do one thing, take one step further, they will see the summit. We believe in it, the radiance that streams from the future, from days we will not see. Children must live, must triumph. Children must die; that is an idea we cannot accept.”
“Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.”
“Choice is the only thing you can control.”
“Christian hope frees us to act hopefully in the world. It enables us to act humbly and patiently, tackling visible injustices in the world around us without needing to be assured that our skill and our effort will somehow rid the world of injustice altogether. Christian hope, after all, does not need to see what it hopes for (Heb. 11:1); and neither does it require us to comprehend the end of history. Rather, it simply requires us to trust that even the most outwardly insignificant of faithful actions - the cup of cold water given to the child, the widow's mite offered at the temple, the act of hospitality shown to the stranger, none of which has any overall strategic socio-political significance so far as we can now see - will nevertheless be made to contribute in some significant way to the construction of God's kingdom by the action of God's creative and sovereign grace.”
“Christmas is not a story to be told. It is an event to be declared.”
“Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none at all.”
“Civilization thrives in vigilance -- not complacency.”
“Close your eyes, step on the gas and hope for the best!!!”
“Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.”
“Come, dry your eyes, for you are LIFE, rarer than a quark and unpredictable beyond the dreams of Heisenberg; the clay in which the forces that shape all things leave their fingerprints most clearly. Dry your eyes, and let's go home.”
“Conditional love will always have unintentional consequences.”
“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
“Consistent, Timely encouragement has the staggering magnetic power to draw an immortal soul to the God of Hope. The one whose name is Wonderful Counselor.”
“Consult /what reinforcement we may gain from hope,/If not, what resolution from despair.”
“Courage as you define it is to write the story of your heart, the story that formed while your life came as a mixture of agony and amazement. Courage as you define it is to feel your unfelt self and let the feelings be penned down so it maybe someone's else's survival guide when they have lost their own. Courage as you define it is to keep believing for there are still some unfinished poems in this world. Courage as you define it is to keep walking for there are still some unwritten stories you need to pen before you surrender to the end ..”
“Courage will now be your best defence against the storm that is at hand-—that and such hope as I bring.”
“Crime, violence, infamy are not tragedy. Tragedy occurs when a human soul awakes and seeks, in suffering and pain, to free itself from crime, violence, infamy, even at the cost of life. The struggle is the tragedy - not defeat or death. That is why the spectacle of tragedy has always filled men, not with despair, but with a sense of hope and exaltation.”
“Crimson lines paint different hearts once your heart got broken by golden lies.”
“Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
“Daniel seems to rise above the moon with a brilliance in his eyes. He steps toward the sea and screams, more in defiance than rage. “Mortality; O wretched death and mortality! Decay is a demon dream, schemed in symmetry. O, that death crucified might halt its talons, for all will ascend from the grave! Remember the fallen, the slain; their dust is our foundation. Consider their suffering and pain; for there lies a new creation.”
“Daniel,” I speak through weariness, “God has given me little hope and less strength. I hear only a voice saying ‘no’ from the wings of this circling stage.” “Ah, because we worship the gods of the arts in our wavering world; the mock souls and masked faces with painted-on peace. What do you expect of a forgery?” He pauses as he turns toward me. “Reality is no longer relevant.” Darkness chokes the moon as we rest on stirring sand.”
“Daniel? Daniel of what use are the bones of saints? Of what great interest to me are their dusted stories of day?” I stand at a dreadful distance. He speaks, “Silent stones of granite hue; enveloped now in sacred dew. Speak somber words of restless hope  of resurrection.” I hear the hushings of the wind in a rhythmic silence, and turn to see a friar’s lantern on a distant ridge.”
“Dark yesterday can be transformed into bright tomorrow.”
“Darkness does not leave us easily as we would hope.”
“Darling it may be a long time before we see one another again. But I want you to know. Every time I’ve said I love you- I meant it. There’s no two ways about it. The crew was talking about what’s ahead of us, but we all agreed on one thing. We’re coming back.”
“Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.”
“David’s mouth dripped open slowly. He stood with his heels dug into my carpet, a dashed hope, a broken dream. No amount of money could top the priceless look that gathered on his face like an unmade bed. His eyebrows crumpled and furrowed like disheveled sheets. His lips curled into an acidic smirk. Confusion and shock collided in the cornea of his dilated pupils. He was a B.B. King song, personified. His entire body sang the blues.”
“Dead my old fine hopes And dry my dreaming but still  Iris, blue each spring”
“Dear Daughter, Nothing is new in the eyes of God. He knew you before you were born. He knows how to help you become more. Do not lose hope in your journey at all. Hold on!”
“Dear God Please take away my pain and despair of yesterday and any unpleasant memories and replace them with Your glorious promise of new hope. Show me a fresh HS-inspired way of relating to negative things that have happened. I ask You for the mind of Christ so I can discern Your voice from the voice of my past. I pray that former rejection and deep hurts will not color what I see and hear now. Help me to see all the choices I have ahead of me that can alter the direction of my life. I ask You to empower me to let go of the painful events and heartaches that would keep me bound. Thank You for Your forgiveness that You have offered to me at such a great price. Pour it into my heart so I can relinquish bitterness hurts and disappointments that have no place in my life. Please set me free to forgive those who have sinned against me and caused me pain and also myself. Open my heart to receive Your complete forgiveness and amazing grace. You have promised to bind up my wounds Psa 147:3 and restore my soul Psa 23:3 . Help me to relinquish my past surrender to You my present and move to the future You have prepared for me. I ask You to come into my heart and make me who You would have me to be so that I might do Your will here on earth. I thank You Lord for all that’s happened in my past and for all I have become through those experiences. I pray You will begin to gloriously renew my present.”
“Dear God, help me not to pray in order to get something. Help me to pray in order to do something.”
“Dear Life, I am tired of you, but I am not done with you.”
“Dear refuge of my weary soul, On thee, when sorrows rise, On thee, when waves of trouble roll, My fainting hope relies.”
“Death concludes a mortal life, but it does not end an eternal relationship. Those whom we love and those who love us in return, they never go away. They are unseen but perceived by the spirit. They are unobserved but concerned with our success in this life. They stand beside us, cheering us on every day, extending everlasting love.”
“Death is more merciful than hope itself! There is nothing surprising in this, for death is divinely appointed, while hope is the creation of human folly. Both end in frustration. Am I destined to lead a life of endless frustration? -(The Beginning and the End)”
“Death is not the end; giving up is.”
“Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.”
“Death is unstoppable. One must face it as a fact of life”
“Death seemed to lose its terrors and to borrow a grace and dignity in sublime keeping with the life that was ebbing away.”
“Deep down under where his heart resided, strangled up in thorny vines of guilt, anger, fear and longing, there lay something deeper in him, something that he couldn’t see but she could.”
“Deep grief sometimes is almost like a specific location, a coordinate on a map of time. When you are standing in that forest of sorrow, you cannot imagine that you could ever find your way to a better place. But if someone can assure you that they themselves have stood in that same place, and now have moved on, sometimes this will bring hope”
“Defeat doesn't help you to grow,” I said. "It's just defeat." Mrs. Baker smiled. “Two weeks ago, the Saturn V lunar rocket passed its first flight test. It's been less than ten months since we lost three astronauts, but we're still testing the next rocket, so that some day we can go to the moon and make our world a great deal bigger.” She held her hands up to her face. “Wouldn't Shakespeare have admired that happy ending?” she whispered. Then she put the book away in her lower desk drawer. It was quiet and still in the room. You could hear the soft rain on the windows. “Thank you for the cream puffs, ” I said. “The quality of mercy is not strained,” she said.”
“Democracy is not a shouting competition!”
“Denial. It’s the only thing that keeps most of us from losing our sanity.”
“Desire is the fuel of action. Passion is the match.”
“Desire makes life happen. Makes it matter. Makes everything worth it. Desire is life. Hunger to see the next sunrise or sunset, to touch the one you love, to try again. 'Hell would be waking up and wanting nothing,' he agrees.”
“Despair is a free man—hope is a slave.”
“Despair is for people who know, beyond any doubt, what the future is going to bring. Nobody is in that position. So despair is not only a kind of sin, theologically, but also a simple mistake, because nobody actually knows. In that sense there is always hope.”
“Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle.”
“Despair wishes their hope diminishes.”
“Despite everything, I'm hopeful. For the first time in a long time, I'm hopeful about my future. The kind of hopeful that isn't followed by dread or superstition or magical thinking. All that's left is pure hope. A feeling I want to hold in my palm and wrap my fingers around, pressing it into my heart, where it can flourish and make m stronger.”
“Despite how hard I try to hide, my whole face gathers in a coup to let him know how much I fancy him.”
“Despite mournful envy and Dejected wrath, We bask under blue skies, Bewitching stars, And mystical moons, Loving rumbles of thunder, Glistening raindrops, And a hazy peaceful sunrise. In the face of Sorrowful greed, We delight in magnificent mountains, Bountiful oceans, Turquoise lagoons, Beautiful blossoms, And the green, green grass Of springtime. Through raging anger, Aching sadness, We treasure radiant sunsets, Seek marble courtyards, Ancient architecture, And splendid arched bridges. We sing the praises of Breathtaking falls. Even crushed And bewildered, We are captivated by Exquisite winged creatures, Tropical forests, And the critters we nurture. We embrace the power in our divinity And the superb magic of everything. With every threat to the world We belong to And embrace, We revel in books and dreams. We’re mesmerized by Otherworldly visions And plentiful hues. We cherish The light in ever-curious Truth seekers, And are ever grateful For smiles, Rapturous affection, Laughter, And love.”
“Destiny isn't something you make as you're told. By overcoming difficulties, life and this whole world can advance forward. That's what destiny is for. A world that has lost the power to advance forward, will be destroyed - Aladdin”
“Dickens has not seen it all. The wretched of the earth do not decide to become extinct, they resolve, on the contrary, to multiply: life is their only weapon against life, life is all that they have. This is why the dispossessed and starving will never be convinced (though some may be coerced) by the population-control programs of the civilized. I have watched the dispossessed and starving laboring in the fields which others own, with their transistor radios at their ear, all day long: so they learn, for example, along with equally weighty matters, that the pope, one of the heads of the civilized world, forbids to the civilized that abortion which is being, literally, forced on them, the wretched. The civilized have created the wretched, quite coldly and deliberately, and do not intend to change the status quo; are responsible for their slaughter and enslavement; rain down bombs on defenseless children whenever and wherever they decide that their ‘vital interests’ are menaced, and think nothing of torturing a man to death: these people are not to be taken seriously when they speak of the ‘sanctity’ of human life, or the ‘conscience’ of the civilized world. There is a ‘sanctity’ involved with bringing a child into this world: it is better than bombing one out of it. Dreadful indeed it is to see a starving child, but the answer to that is not to prevent the child’s arrival but to restructure the world so that the child can live in it: so that the ‘vital interest’ of the world becomes nothing less than the life of the child. However—I could not have said any of this then, nor is so absurd a notion about to engulf the world now. But we were all starving children, after all, and none of our fathers, even at their most embittered and enraged, had ever suggested that we ‘die out.’ It was not we who were supposed to die out: this was, of all notions, the most forbidden, and we learned this from the cradle. Every trial, every beating, every drop of blood, every tear, were meant to be used by us for a day that was coming—for a day that was certainly coming, absolutely certainly, certainly coming: not for us, perhaps, but for our children. The children of the despised and rejected are menaced from the moment they stir in the womb, and are therefore sacred in a way that the children of the saved are not. And the children know it, which is how they manage to raise their children, and why they will not be persuaded—by their children’s murderers, after all—to cease having children.”
“Did I really want or need to know? What difference would it make if he were dead or alive, since dead or alive I should never see him again? But could I be certain? Was it completely and utterly out of the question for the door to open and for him to walk in? And wasn't I even now listening for his footstep?”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Discovering dance and its power to heal my soul played a key role in my survival.”
“Do not be led by fear; fear cannot lead you out of the dark. Find whatever bits of hope you can--a trail of even the smallest bread crumbs, even the tiniest pebbles reflecting the moonlight--and follow them.”
“Do not despair, my friend. Today is theirs, but the future is ours.”
“Do not follow me! Let's just be fabulously where we are and who we are. You be you and I'll be me, today and today and today, and let's trust the future to tommorrow. Let the stars keep track of us. Let us ride our own orbits and trust that they will meet. May our reunion be not a finding but a sweet collision of destinies!”
“Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust ghosts. Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn. Trust dreams. Trust your heart, and trust your story. (from 'Instructions')”
“Do not share your faith with anyone unless you are determined to act upon it. For if you are not determined to act upon it, there’s nothing to share in the first place.”
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.”
“Do try to remember this: even the world's not so black as it is painted" -Valerie to Stephen (pg. 408)”
“Do we ever have to abandon all hope? Is it not perhaps a good thing that by refusing to give in to the evidence, the dreams that lie half awake in us all may persist?”
“Do you believe there's hope at the end?' I ask. 'No,' she says simply, looking away. 'No, I don't, but I'm still going.' She eyes me. 'You coming with?”
“Do you feel cold and lost in desperation? You build up hope, but failure’s all you’ve known Remember all the sadness and frustration And let it go. Let it go”
“Do you have any idea how frightening it is to care for someone who dreams? They infect you with their optimism. And soon you start to dream together. You begin to dare to hope.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Do you know why average men can live out thire lives and die without accoplishing anything ? First off, because they lack imagination ..They never find anything more valuable than thier own lives .So they lived and die , shamelessly creating nothing but shit ..”
“Do you prefer Mitch? Or is Mitchell better?'.. .. Mitch, I say. Mitch is what my friends called me. 'Well, Mitch it is then,' Morrie says, as if closing a deal. 'And, Mitch?' Yes? 'I hope one day you will think of me as your friend.”
“Do you think it is a vain hope that one day man will find joy in noble deeds of light and mercy, rather than in the coarse pleasures he indulges in today -- gluttony, fornication, ostentation, boasting, and envious vying with his neighbor? I am certain this is not a vain hope and that the day will come soon.”
“Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?”
“Doing something that scares one a little, each and every day, helps one grow as a person”
“Don't be deceived, doubt not.”
“Don't be such a party-pooper, missy --when you're well and truly screwed, either you just sit pissing yourself or you invent some reason to hope.”
“Don't despair: despair suggests you are in total control and know what is coming. You don't - surrender to events with hope.”
“Don't die on me," she ordered. "You are not dying on me." "Yes, ma'am." He felt light-headed, but she was about the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Her hair was smoldering. Her face was smudged with soot. She had a cut on her arm, her dress was torn, and she was missing a boot. Beautiful.”
“Don't ever lose hope because better days will come.”
“Don't give up too soon, hang on to hope. Hope is better than despair.”
“Don't have HOPE that your situation will be better. Have HOPE that your future will be brighter.”
“Don't hope in your dreams”
“Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise”
“Don't worry, God has a plan.”
“Don't you feel as though you could love everything starting tomorrow, and everything could love you, if only you took an action to set into motion the coming of our new tomorrow and its tomorrow and that one's tomorrow? Shotgun loaded hand on the pump and no matter who you damage you're still a false prophet, but we drink chocolate milk and then we get muscles and smash down the droves with fists like hammers and then we pump the fists in the air for victory. I be the prophet of the doom that is you. You are the mess in messiah.”
“Don't you miss it?" I say. "Being free." He laughs.”
“Donde termina el arco iris, en tu alma o en el horizonte? Where does the rainbow end, in your soul or on the horizon?”
“Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.”
“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
“Don’t ever stop dreaming, for to dream is to envision all that could be in a world that’s drowning in what never was.”
“Don’t get any ideas,” Vaselik said as Leah left the room. “She’s a widowed Jew and my cook, so forget whatever you’re thinking.” “And you Ivan, what are you thinking?” asked Mikhail. “Less risk than a superior’s wife, no?”
“Don’t hope you will receive help from the words of life because they all bring you to death.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“Don’t miss the blues skies while staring at the billboards.”
“Don’t simply exist in this world, but grasp life’s potential by the jacket. Dare it to be all it can. Make life historical—a gripping account of accomplishment. Make life a mystery—a challenging, bold adventure. Make life heartfelt—an enduring, poetic romance. Whatever it is you make of your world, live the fairy tale.”
“Don’t wait for the “perfect moment” to tune your life. The perfect moment is whenever you begin tuning it.”
“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
“Doubt is the ally of hope, not its enemy, and together they made all the blessing he had.”
“Dr. Keller begins pacing. "I don't think we've been hearing Faith just right. Her guard the words..they sound alike." What do you mean?" Your daughter," Dr. Keller says flatly. "I think she's seeing God.”
“DreamMakers feel deeply about things, they are deliberate and conscientous. They consider the benefit and consequences of their actions.”
“DreamMakers focus on people’s strengths. They understand that we are all flawed, so they build teams that fill our weak spots, allowing us to focus on strengths and others to complement us with their strengths.”
“DreamMakers have a deep faith in people in their capabilities, potential, and basic goodness. Interpersonal relationships are precious to them and at the heart of everything they do.”
“DreamMakers share a sense of responsibility beyond their own lives. They take responsibility for the world they live in and are committed to making it better.”
“Dreams are the roadmaps for success. Without dreams, life only revolves around the roundabout.”
“Dreams are the wings that help us fly, the buoys that keep us afloat in an ocean called life, and the only bridge between illusion and reality.”
“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
“Dullness it is that perverts and corrups the spirit but it is always possible to look past the dullness, and see the bright, shining heart of things”
“During those years of deprivation and suffering, I had learned many things that could be helpful in the lives of others. Because the life of any man has its share of suffering; We have all touched despair at times and have wondered why God allows evil to befall us or those we love. In the fields I saw a lot of suffering around me; I myself was on the verge of succumbing to despair and, in the darkest hours, I learned to look to Allah for comfort and to trust Him alone.”
“During your lifetime, you should work on at least one such dream project that is worth sacrificing every single comfort you earn or deserve to enjoy.”
“Each day is always breaking out anew Aspirations swirling round what you do”
“Each day is meant to edify you and equip you with the necessary tools for you to reach your destiny.”
“Each life experience poses this question: how do you want to be changed because of me?”
“Each mind conceives god in its own way. There may be as many variation of the god figure as there are people in the world”
“Each of us needs a reserve of memories and experiences that are beautiful, healthy, and strong enough to help us during difficult moments. Sometimes when the pain in us is so big, we cannot truly touch life’s wonders. We need help. But if we have a strong storehouse of happy memories and experiences, we can bring them to mind to help us embrace the block of pain inside.”
“Each sunrise offers a new canvas, blank and brimming with potential.”
“Each time I try, I lose my aim. And the pain starts all over again. It's not an easy target. It's hopeless. But after a while I start again.”
“Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring those ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.”
“Each week day I dropped the girls off to school at eight am, then worked solidly until I collected them from afterschool club at five-thirty, often returning to the Longing once they were in bed. I enjoyed Finn’s conversational tour of Lòn Haven, and occasionally his death metal tapes. Here, on Lòn Haven, I was untethered from the past. Everything I’d carried for the last fifteen years – the shock of my pregnancy with Saffy, the grief at losing Sean, and now, that terrifying phone call – was gobbled up by the ravenous tide. And witnessing the Longing transform, stroke by stroke, into something a little less knackered, its former glory beginning to creep back, was rewarding. I felt that, maybe, I could start again, too.”
“Early Morning Walks & the first flush of Winter Sunshine. It's incredibly difficult to wake up in the mornings of cold and cozy winter days, but somehow if you manage to get up and ask your mind to take a walk in the woods, the sunshine and warmth that catches your soul is breathtakingly beautiful, beyond beautiful. Each time a cold breeze touches you by while your heart is pulsating from the walk, you feel a Smile of calm widening in each and every breath of your bones, and when you catch a glimpse of the Morning Sun, and let the rays embrace your core, you know it was all worth it, the waking up and the walking on, so much worth it all. And then you Smile knowing, isn't the walk of Life exactly the same? When you wake up each day to walk a little more, to get wrapped in the warmth of Life all while cutting across the cold of Life's dark nights to find your way to the freshness of day, the Morning Sun of Life. And oh boy, it's just so much worth it, so much worth it all. To staying alive through the wilderness of Life. Stay in your Aura! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
“Eddie saw great things and near misses. Albert Einstein as a child, not quite struck by a run-away milk-wagon as he crossed a street. A teenage boy named Albert Schweitzer getting out of a bathtub and not quite stepping on the cake of soap lying beside the pulled plug. A Nazi Oberleutnant burning a piece of paper with the date and place of the D-Day Invasion written on it. He saw a man who intended to poison the entire water supply of Denver die of a heart attack in a roadside rest-stop on I-80 in Iowa with a bag of McDonald’s French fries on his lap. He saw a terrorist wired up with explosives suddenly turn away from a crowded restaurant in a city that might have been Jerusalem. The terrorist had been transfixed by nothing more than the sky, and the thought that it arced above the just and unjust alike. He saw four men rescue a little boy from a monster whose entire head seemed to consist of a single eye. But more important than any of these was the vast, accretive weight of small things, from planes which hadn’t crashed to men and women who had come to the correct place at the perfect time and thus founded generations. He saw kisses exchanged in doorways and wallets returned and men who had come to a splitting of the way and chosen the right fork. He saw a thousand random meetings that weren’t random, ten thousand right decisions, a hundred thousand right answers, a million acts of unacknowledged kindness. He saw the old people of River Crossing and Roland kneeling in the dust for Aunt Talitha’s blessing; again heard her giving it freely and gladly. Heard her telling him to lay the cross she had given him at the foot of the Dark Tower and speak the name of Talitha Unwin at the far end of the earth. He saw the Tower itself in the burning folds of the rose and for a moment understood its purpose: how it distributed its lines of force to all the worlds that were and held them steady in time’s great helix. For every brick that landed on the ground instead of some little kid’s head, for every tornado that missed the trailer park, for every missile that didn’t fly, for every hand stayed from violence, there was the Tower. And the quiet, singing voice of the rose. The song that promised all might be well, all might be well, that all manner of things might be well.”
“Elizabeth's barreness and advanced age--a double symbol of hopelessness--became the means by which God would announce to the world that nothing is impossible for Him.”
“Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.”
“Emma laughed darkly. "It's a completely mad idea, I know. But my brain is a hope-making engine." "I'm so glad," I said. "Mine is a worst-case-scenario generator." "We need each other, then." "Yes. But we already knew that, I think.”
“Emma smiled. “Hope is a beautiful and fragile thing.” Unless your hope is in something so much bigger than your plans. Tears gathered into Kate’s eyes. The words flowed into her heart, bringing with them warmth and truth. Her hopes and dreams were like butterflies. Yet, God’s plans were moving forward, unchanging like the rocks around her. God wasn’t fragile, which meant her ultimate hope wasn’t either.”
“Emma smiled. “Hope is a beautiful and fragile thing.” Unless your hope is in something so much bigger than your plans. Tears gathered into Kate’s eyes[.] Her hopes and dreams were like butterflies. Yet, God’s plans were moving forward, unchanging like the rocks around her. God wasn’t fragile, which meant her ultimate hope wasn’t either.”
“Endings are abstruse, mystic and unreal. They are but depleted beginnings purposed to be substituted with newer ones.A transition of outlook and time, similar to our differing moods before and after slumber. Before the act we witness an exhaustion, a sulkiness but on gaining consciousness, we’re rejuvenated and good humored. The wakefulness is the new beginning whereas the tension the disturbance we perceive each night is the weariness of the beginnings, of each day. So there never really is an end, all that there are are beginnings.Beginnings which are promising, which offer hope, which have a new leash on life, which neither denounce nor belittle rather soothe and console by reconstructing the broken pieces of yesterday, mending them and reinforcing them with courage and beauty like never before.”
“Endure hardships as a discipline to find hope.”
“Endure to the very end.”
“Euripedes. Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything.”
“Even a single lamp dispels the deepest darkness.”
“Even after I die, please never delete my phone number.”
“Even after centuries of human interacting, children still continue to rebel against their parents and siblings. Young marrieds look upon their in-laws and parents as obstacles to their independence and growth. Parents view their children as selfish ingrates. Husbands desert their wives and seek greener fields elsewhere. Wives form relationships with heroes of soap operas who vicariously bring excitement and romance into their empty lives. Workers often hate their bosses and co-workers and spend miserable hours with them, day after day. On a larger scale, management cannot relate with labour. Each accuses the other of unreasonable self-interests and narrow-mindedness. Religious groups often become entrapped, each in a provincial dogma resulting in hate and vindictiveness in the name of God. Nations battle blindly, under the shadow of the world annihilation, for the realization of their personal rights. Members of these groups blame rival groups for their continual sense of frustration, impotence, lack of progress and communication. We have obviously not learned much over the years. We have not paused long enough to consider the simple truth that we humans are not born with particular attitudinal sets regarding other persons, we are taught into them. We are the future generation's teachers. We are, therefore, the perpetrators of the confusion and alienation we abhor and which keeps us impotent in finding new alternatives. It is up to us to diligently discover new solutions and learn new patterns of relating, ways more conducive to growth, peace, hope and loving coexistence. Anything that is learned can be unlearned and relearned. In this process called change lies our real hope.”
“Even amongst fierce flames/ The golden lotus can be planted.”
“Even fallen trees contain an aura of greatness.”
“Even if things aren't going the way we want right now, we will always get through it.”
“Even if times got bad, he would never again deny himself the possibility that the future might be happy even if the present was painful. He would allow himself dreams.”
“Even if you find him. Even if he didn't leave you on purpose, he can't possibly live up to the person you've built him into." It's not like the thought hasn't occurred to me. I get that the chances of finding him are small, but the chances of finding him as I remember him are even smaller. But I just keep going back to what my dad always says, about how when you lose something, you have to visualize the last place you had it. And I found and then lost so many things in Paris.”
“Even if your world feels dark right now, the darkness has not and never will overcome the light!”
“Even in and out and in and out of isolation, We must find ways to choose hope, To choose to go on, To choose to make things, To choose to make things better, To choose Life. L'Shana Tovah.”
“Even in darkness it is possible to create light and encourage compassion. That it is possible to feel free inside a prison. That even in exile, friendship exists and can become an anchor. That one instant before dying, man is still immortal.”
“Even in ruin, there is beauty.”
“Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings.”
“Even on the poorest streets people could be heard laughing. Some of these streets were completely dark, like black holes, and the laughter that came from who knows where was the only sign, the only beacon that kept residents and strangers from getting lost.”
“Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.”
“Even though we don’t speak the same language, at this moment, we understand each other.”
“Eventually, they shrug their shoulders and go away, back to minding their own lives.”
“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
“Every adversity, every unpleasant circumstance, every failure, and every physical pain carries with it the seed of an equivalent benefit.”
“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
“Every century offers some great opportunities to build a new world”
“Every day I used my power of concentration, indulged my pleasure in lifelong learning, and kept up my hope that this credential would further bolster my expertise. Stepping into each day with this focus turned my attitude from despair to anticipation.”
“Every doctrine of violence and machinery of reaction has relied on his frightening it is to contemplate the crushing of hope. Far safer to expel hope altogether. More sensible than the painful un-numbing of imagining other possibilities.”
“Every ending is the backside of a beginning.”
“Every endured hardship gives new hope.”
“Every era carries in its womb a child in whom one may not only place one's hopes, but through whom and with whom it would be possible to go on living.”
“Every goal first started as something in our mind. You have it all within you!”
“Every heart has got a story. Listen for the ones nobody wants to hear.”
“Every inventive dream conjured today illuminates the possible pathways of tomorrow.”
“Every lemon will bring forth a child, and the lemons will never die out.”
“Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.”
“Every morning brings hope and every night brings results.”
“Every night before I goto bed, I look out of my window and wonder if the dryad is really sitting here, combing her locks with the spring for a mirror. Sometimes I look for her footprints in the dew in the morning. Oh, Diana, don't give up your faith in the dryad!”
“Every one of the great revolutionists, from Isaiah to Shelley, have been optimists. They have been indignant, not about the badness of existence, but about the slowness of men in realizing its goodness. The prophet who is stoned is not a brawler or a marplot. He is simply a rejected lover. He suffers from an unrequited attachment to things in general.”
“Every problem has a gift for you in its hands” (Richard Bach). And if not every problem, then just about every one. Even spectacular sunsets are not possible without cloudy skies. Troubles bring a gift for those who choose to look. And since I can't avoid my problems, why waste them? I should look for the gift. My life will be far, far richer for finding it.”
“Every profound political protest is an appeal to a justice that is absent, and is accompanied by a hope that in the future this justice will be established; this hope, however, is not the first reason for the protest being made. One protests because not to protest would be too humiliating, too diminishing, too deadly. One protests in order to save the present moment, whatever the future holds. To protest is to refuse being reduced to a zero and to an enforced silence. Therefore, at the very moment a protest is made, if it is made, there is a small victory.”
“Every story has four parts: the beginning, the middle, the almost-ending, and the true ending. Unfortunately, not everyone gets a true ending. Most people give up at the part of the story where things are the worst, when the situation feels hopeless, but that is where hope is needed most. Only those who persevere can find their true ending.”
“Everybody has a home team: It’s the people you call when you get a flat tire or when something terrible happens. It’s the people who, near or far, know everything that’s wrong with you and love you anyways. These are the ones who tell you their secrets, who get themselves a glass of water without asking when they’re at your house. These are the people who cry when you cry. These are your people, your middle-of-the-night, no-matter-what people.”
“Everybody’s damaged. It’s just a question of how badly, and whether you’re healing or still bleeding.”
“Everyday in heat, rain or cold, I ran - alone in the woods - in the hills near our home. There I felt the gentle touch of God. I head Him whisper, 'You're stronger now. It's time to tell the truth of what happened. Tell your story to give hope to others.”
“Everyone has to have hope in their life, or they will eventually become your enemy.”
“Everyone must dream. We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that's like saying you can never change your fate. Isn't that true?”
“Everyone runs around trying to find a place where they still serve breakfast because eating breakfast, even if it's 5 o'clock in the afternoon, is a sign that the day has just begun and good things can still happen. Having lunch is like throwing in the towel.”
“Everything happens for a reason. Just be patient.”
“Everything happens for a reason. This is a thing people say. My mom says it a lot. "Things happen for a reason, Tasha." Usually people say it when something goes wrong, but not too wrong. A nonfatal car accident. A sprained ankle instead of a broken on. My dad says, "You can't always see God's plan." I want to tell him that maybe he shouldn't leave everything up to God and that hoping against hope is not a life strategy. People say these things to make sense of the world. Secretly, in their heart of hearts, almost everyone believes that there's some meaning, some willfulness to life. Fairness. Basic decency. Good things happen to good people. Bad things only happen to bad people. No one wants to believe that life is random. It's better to see life as it is, not as you wish it to be. Things don't happen for a reason. They just happen.”
“Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.”
“Everything is always changing in nature, writes La Mettrie; everything is subject to the vicissitudes of fate. Suddenly, the clouds can obscure the warmth of the sun, but also, conversely, in the darkest night a star can appear at the horizon to bring joy to us mortals: 'It is hope, whose soft rays sometimes pierce adversity itself, and come to raise up within the downcast soul a dismayed and withered courage' [DB, 209, (third edition); DB, 227 (second edition)]. If everything is subject to change, then so too is adversity. Things can always get worse, but also, things can always get better, and it is in this knowledge that we may find our hope. That which makes life tragic is also what makes it comic; that which takes away our hope is also what gives it back to us. This kind of hope may seem but a feeble one, it is true, but from La Mettrie's point of view at least it is a solid hope, a true hope (like many pessimists, he is averse to 'false' hope), which it can only be for him because it is also, crucially, a secular hope. And it is this notion of hope as well as consolation, that makes La Mettrie not only a pessimistic optimist, but also a hopeful pessimist.”
“Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.”
“Everything is terrible, but here's the difference: I'll be okay. The terribleness will pass, my tears will dry, and I'll be okay. Because I'm exactly where I need to be. Not here, in Kacey's bedroom with Samson Hodge to lean on -although that part is really, really nice- but in a moment where the only direction I can move is forward.”
“Everything seemed possible but nothing seemed practical.”
“Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.”
“Everything you do is connected to who you are as a person and, in turn, creates the person you are becoming. Everything you do affects those you love. All of life is covenant. Imbedded in the idea of prayer is a richly textured view of the world where all of life is organized around invisible bonds or covenants that knit us together. Instead of a fixed world, we live in our Father's world, a world built for divine relationships between people where, because of the Good News, tragedies become comedies and hope is born.”
“Evil will never find a place where the manifestation of itself will not raise up a greater good. And to be that ‘greater good’ is the manifestation of our greatest self.”
“Exceptional people are resilient. Resilient people react to failure by finding something they can cling to, some hope for the future.”
“Excessively focusing on looking for a reason behind everything that happens will make us see life as unfair, which, in return, will stop us from enjoying life and its beauty.”
“Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“Facts we would always place before our readers, whether they are palatable or not, and it is by placing them constantly before the public in their nakedness that the misunderstanding between the two communities in South Africa can be removed.”
“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
“Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.”
“Failure of expectations tend to depression; failure of hopes makes the end.”
“Fair as the moon and joyful as the light; Tot wan with waiting, not with sorrow dim; Not as she is, but was when hope shone bright; Not as she is, but as she fills his dreams.”
“Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.”
“Fairy tales, you’ll say. But you know what? People need a good fairy tale every now and then. People invented fairy tales and filled them with monsters so they wouldn’t become monsters themselves. Because the truth can turn you into a monster. You have to become a monster if you want to withstand the truth.”
“Faith and breath are inevitable for life”
“Faith and fear both involve belief, and they both involve believing things we cannot see. We all have to choose which side to land on, and my tattoo says to me every day, ‘Sadie, no more thinking something bad is going to happen. You’re no longer on the side of fear; you’re on the side of faith, and you can spend every day of the rest of your life believing God has good things in store for you!”
“Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought. ”
“Faith for today, hope for tommorrow, strength for the journey, joy everlasting…”
“Faith forwards the future with full force.”
“Faith goes up the stairs that love has built and looks out the windows which hope has opened.”
“Faith is a funny thing. It holds out the option of surrender when everything else has failed. The power of prayer lies in its ability to give us permission to put down our burdens and trust that the universe will have our backs.”
“Faith is not just a matter of hope and optimism; it's a matter of courage. It's the courage to believe that God will do what He said He would do, the courage to make peace with being misjudged when others don't understand the path you're on, and the courage to stick with it, even when you don't understand the details yourself.”
“Faith is something that looks backward - we remember the ways God has come through for his people, and for us, and our belief is strengthened that he will come through again. Love is exercised in the present moment; we love in the "now." Hope reaches into the future to take hold of something we do not yet have, may not even see.”
“Faith is the engine; Hope is the gas; Love is the car (1 Corinthians 13:13)”
“Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.”
“Faith is what lights your night with stars of hope.”
“Faith seems to grab people and not let go, but hope is a double-crosser. It can beat it on you anytime; it's your job to dig in your heels and hang on. Must be nice to have hope in your pocket, like loose change you could jingle through your fingers.”
“Faith to me is trusting in every evidence that something is
“Faith without a measure of doubt ain't worth a brass farthin'.”
“Faith, hope and charity go together. Hope is practised through the virtue of patience, which continues to do good even in the face of apparent failure, and through the virtue of humility, which accepts God's mystery and trusts him even at times of darkness. Faith tells us that God has given his Son for our sakes and gives us the victorious certainty that it is really true: God is love! It thus transforms our impatience and our doubts into the sure hope that God holds the world in his hands and that, as the dramatic imagery of the end of the Book of Revelation points out, in spite of all darkness he ultimately triumphs in glory. Faith, which sees the love of God revealed in the pierced heart of Jesus on the Cross, gives rise to love. Love is the light—and in the end, the only light—that can always illuminate a world grown dim and give us the courage needed to keep living and working. Love is possible, and we are able to practise it because we are created in the image of God. To experience love and in this way to cause the light of God to enter into the world—this is the invitation I would like to extend with the present Encyclical.”
“False hope is a terrible thing, if its the only thing keeping you alive you'll be dead by dawn.”
“Farewell Hope, and with Hope farewell Fear”
“Farming is a profession of hope”
“Fate punishes the proud, and dashes hope”
“Fear and Hope — those are the names of the two great passions which rule the race of man, and with which revolutionists have to deal; to give hope to the many oppressed and fear to the few oppressors, that is our business; if we do the first and give hope to the many, the few must be frightened by their hope; otherwise we do not want to frighten them; it is not revenge we want for poor people, but happiness; indeed, what revenge can be taken for all the thousands of years of the sufferings of the poor? - How We Live and How We Might Live”
“Fear is strange. It settles on chests and seeps through skin, through layers of tissue, muscle, and bone and collects in a soul-sized black hole, sucking the joy out of life, the pleasure, the beauty. But not the hope. Somehow, the hope is the only thing resistant to the fear, and it is that hope that makes the next breath possible, the next step, the next tiny act of rebellion, even if that rebellion is simply staying alive.”
“Fear is the glue that keeps you stuck. Faith is the solvent that sets you free.”
“Fear not the unknown. It is a sea of possibilities.”
“Fear taunts us and tries to intimidate us. But when our hearts are established in the freedom God has given us, then we can laugh at the fear of the future.”
“Fearless is a word that describes who I am today. It also describes who I am continually coming. I want you to continually become more fearless every day you live. I know it’s possible.”
“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
“Fiction cannot recite the numbing numbers, but it can be that witness, that memory. A storyteller can attempt to tell the human tale, can make a galaxy out of the chaos, can point to the fact that some people survived even as most people died. And can remind us that the swallows still sing around the smokestacks.”
“Fight. Dream. Hope. Live. Do not let your Mind be oppressed and your Spirit be weakened by the awkwardness of Life.”
“Fighting the battles of bitterness helps to win the war of the mind.”
“Finally the church bell tolls, the same low tone it calls at funerals, and she forces herself to her feet. Her father touches her arm. His face is sorry, but his grip is firm. "You will come to love your husband," he says, but the words are clearly more wish than promise. "You will be a good wife," says her mother, and hers are more command than wish. And then Estele appears in the doorway, dressed as if she is in mourning. And why shouldn't she be? This woman who taught her of wild dreams and willful gods, who filled Adeline's head with thoughts of freedom, blew on the embers of hope and let her believe a life could be her own.”
“Find in gloom not sorrow or sin but deep serenity, for only in dark will light you see.”
“Fireflies, to me, are nighttime butterflies, Dazzling the night with magical flashes of light. When I see these teeny tiny sparks dart in the night, I am overcome with a sense of comfort and calm, Same as when a butterfly flutters around me during the day. I’m drawn to the dance of both astonishing critters. They remind me of life. They remind me of hope.”
“First sound we make coming into this sinful world be crying,' Delly said. 'We gotta learn to sing.”
“Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam”
“For a brief moment two young brothers appear immobile on this rubble. Their faces are serene and still. It is my blood. My brother untouched and unchanged, alive now in some distant place, full of hope and grace. All sweet with no bitter; all bright and no pale. The rough is made smooth; the dark clouds, a dream.”
“For a few moments, raising his arms desperately, the Reverend Mouret implored Heaven. His shoulder-blades cracked, with such fantastic force did he pray. But soon enough his arms fell to his sides, his hopes abashed. From heaven came one of those silences utterly void of hope known to the devout.”
“For a flicker of a moment I imagined a world completely different from the one I'd always known, a world in which I was treated with fairness, even kindness-- a world in which fathers didn't sell their daughters. ”
“For a long time things were so bad. Very bad. Dark even when there was light. The only thing that kept the dark back was the Forever Shiny Thing that was her secret  It is a word the word hangs on a silver chain. The word is HOPE.”
“For a while I believe I am flying, not falling.”
“For all the loss and tragedy I have known, my life has taught me that the human spirit like the lifted hands of the blind, will rise above chaos and destruction, as wings in flight”
“For any child, and in a way for any human being, forever was an impossibly long time. Sarah had begun to realize, however, that it was never as long as one expected. It was the time spent in one’s childhood home, running in endless fields and gazing at infinite stars. It was the time a boy spent on Earth, laughing and loving and living. It was the time it took to heal a heart that had been shattered by loss. It was eternal, it seemed, until suddenly it was not.”
“For every bad thing in life, there are more good things to tip the balance.”
“For finding dreams that don't exist yet.”
“For five long minutes, the skies rumbled and poured, carpet-bombing the Jungle with spear-like drops. Puncturing the surface of the water with ferocity and purpose, those dark clouds were unrelenting. Unleashing their little warrior drops with the express purpose of drowning us. Cooking up a storm, relishing the deluge. Or perhaps the clouds were not at fault; maybe their delicate frame could no longer hold the water. Maybe the Jungle had conspired with Zeus and Indra.”
“For if the darkness and corruption leave A vestige of the thoughts that once I had, Better by far you should forget and smile Than that you should remember and be sad.”
“For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.”
“For many of us, the greatest dream is to believe in our dream.”
“For my part I have no joy in tears after dinnertime. There will always be a new dawn tomorrow. Yet I can have no objection to tears for any mortal who dies and goes to his destiny. And this is the only consolation we wretched mortals can give, to cut our hair and let the tears roll down our faces.”
“For once, engulf, not air, but hope. For once, breathe on, a firm belief!”
“For our people, butterflies are a symbol of hope. It's said that if you capture one in your hands and whisper your dreams to it, it will carry them up to the heavens so that the wish can be granted.”
“For so many years, I couldn’t understand why every time I thought that someone finally loved me, like… for real, they would eventually turn to vapor. Every person whom I’ve ever loved is trapped inside of my chest. I’ve breathed all of them in so deeply that I’ve nearly choked and died on every soul that I’ve ever given myself to.”
“For some of us, it’s about more than the deliria. Some of us, the lucky ones, will get the chance to be reborn: newer, fresher, better. Healed and whole and perfect again, like a misshapen slab of iron that comes out of the fire glowing, glittering, razor sharp. That is all I want—all I have ever wanted. That is the promise of the cure”
“For the first time my prayers were not for me but for everyone else, that all of those things in my notebooks, on all of those tapes, in all of those envelopes and bags in my room, that none of them were true, that the dead were alive and the lost were found, and that all of those lives could be lived anew.”
“For the first time my prayers were not for me but for everyone else, that the dead were alive and the lost were found, and that all those lives could be lived anew.”
“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”
“For the one last time, I want to go back, To the beginning, where it all started, Not to fix anything, Not to mend anything, To detect the force that’s pulling me back and forth, To look for the string that’s messing with my vulnerabilities, Not to play around with my haunting memories, Not to sit around my screaming roars, But to crush the last resilient chord, That's stopping me from moving on.”
“For the sake of faraway and getting away, don't lose the thing which you have it Because there's a possibility that you'll hope to reach your hand.”
“For this storm was a storm that has made me brand new”
“For those constantly full of joy, they sometimes feel a little guilty for always feeling so good. That guilt is compassion: it flies in with an attempt to share one's joy with others who do not have it.”
“For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. ”
“For what it's worth: it's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, and if you find you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over again.”
“Forget yesterday   Tomorrow still holds happy surprises for us.”
“Forgive yourself" she said. And use this grace to spread my spirit.”
“Fortunately Jesus didn't leave [the disciples]-or any of us-without hope or direction. Where we fail, Jesus succeeded. The only One who as able to recognize and follow His purpose from the beginning was Jesus. He alone was able to obey consistently and please God completely. And His divine mission was to make a way for each of us to do the same.”
“Four times during the first six days they were assembled and briefed and then sent back. Once, they took off and were flying in formation when the control tower summoned them down. The more it rained, the worse they suffered. The worse they suffered, the more they prayed that it would continue raining. All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars. All through the day, they looked at the bomb line on the big, wobbling easel map of Italy that blew over in the wind and was dragged in under the awning of the intelligence tent every time the rain began. The bomb line was a scarlet band of narrow satin ribbon that delineated the forward most position of the Allied ground forces in every sector of the Italian mainland. For hours they stared relentlessly at the scarlet ribbon on the map and hated it because it would not move up high enough to encompass the city. When night fell, they congregated in the darkness with flashlights, continuing their macabre vigil at the bomb line in brooding entreaty as though hoping to move the ribbon up by the collective weight of their sullen prayers. "I really can't believe it," Clevinger exclaimed to Yossarian in a voice rising and falling in protest and wonder. "It's a complete reversion to primitive superstition. They're confusing cause and effect. It makes as much sense as knocking on wood or crossing your fingers. They really believe that we wouldn't have to fly that mission tomorrow if someone would only tiptoe up to the map in the middle of the night and move the bomb line over Bologna. Can you imagine? You and I must be the only rational ones left." In the middle of the night Yossarian knocked on wood, crossed his fingers, and tiptoed out of his tent to move the bomb line up over Bologna.”
“Free at last, he thought. Great God Almighty, I'm free at last. Then: I believe this is redemption. And it's good, isn't it? Quite good, indeed.”
“Free yourself from all the worries and sorrows on the new year by freeing the sky lanterns and let them burn as the lanterns do in the sky to lightup your inner self with hopes.”
“Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.”
“Friday fills my day with hope & happiness.”
“Frodo raised his head, and then stood up. Despair had not left him, but the weakness had passed. He even smiled grimly, feeling now as clearly as a moment before he had felt the opposite, that what he had to do, he had to do, if he could, and that whether Faramir or Aragorn or Elrond or Galadriel or Gandalf or anyone else knew about it was beside the purpose. He took his staff in one hand and the phial in his other. When he saw that the clear light was already welling through his fingers, he thrust it into his bosom and held it against his heart. Then turning from the city of Morgul, now no more than a grey glimmer across a dark gulf, he prepared to take the upward road.”
“From The Darkest Depths by Stewart Stafford Salvation swallowed in a bleak abyss, Of impossibly lost and betrayed souls, Swarming screams of frantic contrition, Clawing collisions in a drowning grip. Drops of reason cascade down the vortex, Falling infinitely through the fallen infamy, Snaking doubt constructing every delusion, Of false idols, prophets, and graven images. Scaling its putrescent and lacerating walls, Is a repentant struggle beyond endurance, Then distant dawn appears, growing nearer, Darkness fades and a basking reign forms. © Stewart Stafford, 2022. All rights reserved”
“From a situation in which nothing can happen, suddenly anything is possible again.”
“From the mud of adversity grows the lotus of joy”
“From the ocean of hope to the fire of despair that your memories gave me, I will treasure them and keep them buried in the layers of my heart where they will remind me of you, each day, each moment.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“From this point onward, all that mattered was the faithful completion of his task  the words might not even be heard. Yet he also knew that the mission was not so much about success but about whether he stood firm in obedience. It was the cross, rooted in the dust of the earth, watered by the blood of God's servants, the sign pointing to heaven, soaring upward into pure light.”
“GARDEN OF WISDOM A heart that has ached mercilessly Can spin a lifetime of agony Into a solacing garden of wisdom, Offering you comfort And peace. It’s the same heart that knows the Ecstasy of just being alive And cherishes every moment.”
“Gaining victory over fear does not mean that we can only be free from fear when something we think will be bad turns out to be okay, like my supposed blue nevus. It means we can stay brave, bold, confident, courageous, and strong in our faith in God whether a situation is a false alarm or the real thing.”
“Gandalf faced and suffered death; and came back or was sent back, as he says, with enhanced power. But though one may be in this reminded of the Gospels, it is not really the same thing at all. The Incarnation of God is an infinitely greater thing than anything I would dare to write. Here I am only concerned with Death as part of the nature, physical and spiritual, of Man, and with Hope without guarantees. Letter 181 To Michael Straight [drafts] ”
“Get this: in order for the plankton to glow, it has to be stepped on. It only gives off its light when pressure is applied to it. Hmm. Sort of like what God does in your life and mine. The pressures we face are not intended to hurt us or discourage us. They are designed to bring out of us the light that is in us because of our love for God and our relationship with Him. When the light comes out of us, it changes the world.”
“Getting my hopes up when a hospital is involved doesn’t seem like a good idea to me”
“Gifting a plant is gifting life, gifting happiness, gifting hope.”
“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
“Give me a man who whistles while he works.”
“Give me great sinners to make great saints; they are glorious raw material for grace to work upon; and when you do get them saved, they will shake the very gates of hell. The ringleaders in Satan’s camp make noble sergeants in the camp of Christ. These bravest of the brave are they.”
“Give up isn't going to help Keep going on will help”
“Giving with pure intention creates a rippling effect of positivity. Kindness is as contagious as hatred. The choice is ours.”
“Glossa Time goes by, time comes along, All is old and all is new; What is right and what is wrong, You must think and ask of you; Have no hope and have no fear, Waves that rise can never hold; If they urge or if they cheer, You remain aloof and cold. To our sight a lot will glisten, Many sounds will reach our ear; Who could take the time to listen And remember all we hear? Keep aside from all that patter, Seek yourself, far from the throng When with loud and idle clatter Time goes by, time comes along. Nor forget the tongue of reason Or its even scales depress When the moment, changing season, Wears the mask of happiness - It is born of reason's slumber And may last a wink as true: For the one who knows its number All is old and all is new. Be as to a play, spectator, As the world unfolds before: You will know the heart of matter Should they act two parts or four; When they cry or tear asunder From your seat enjoy along And you'll learn from art to wonder What is right and what is wrong. Past and future, ever blending, Are the twin sides of same page: New start will begin with ending When you know to learn from age; All that was or be tomorrow We have in the present, too; But what's vain and futile sorrow You must think and ask of you; For the living cannot sever From the means we've always had: Now, as years ago, and ever, Men are happy or are sad: Other masks, same play repeated; Diff'rent tongues, same words to hear; Of your dreams so often cheated, Have no hope and have no fear. Hope not when the villains cluster By success and glory drawn: Fools with perfect lack of luster Will outshine Hyperion! Fear it not, they'll push each other To reach higher in the fold, Do not side with them as brother, Waves that rise can never hold. Sounds of siren songs call steady Toward golden nets, astray; Life attracts you into eddies To change actors in the play; Steal aside from crowd and bustle, Do not look, seem not to hear From your path, away from hustle, If they urge or if they cheer; If they reach for you, go faster, Hold your tongue when slanders yell; Your advice they cannot master, Don't you know their measure well? Let them talk and let them chatter, Let all go past, young and old; Unattached to man or matter, You remain aloof and cold. You remain aloof and cold If they urge or if they cheer; Waves that rise can never hold, Have no hope and have no fear; You must think and ask of you What is right and what is wrong; All is old and all is new, Time goes by, time comes along.”
“Go and grow with love.”
“Go make your mark on the world. Be a world changer! Live bold for Christ no matter the cost.”
“God and the Universe are really interchangeable words. The universe loves us. God loves us. Have faith in the universe. Have faith in God. It's all the same. If God is everywhere, then God is the Universe. And you don't have to believe in God to believe in the Universe.”
“God can inject hope into a absolutely hopeless situation.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“God can't forget you; it will cost Him too much. To forget you is to forget everything and everyone else connected to you.”
“God dances with the outcast.”
“God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right, even though I think it is hopeless.”
“God is a preexistent reality that transcends the world’s authorship, is untouched by the dictates of the world’s interpretations of Him, is invincible in the face of the most ingeniously crafted lies about Him, and exceeds the duration the existence of the world that says He doesn’t exist. And if we dared to hold all of the world’s cherished beliefs against such a penetrating truth, we will find ourselves left with nothing but this truth no matter how many times we bring the beliefs of the world against it.”
“God is in control.”
“God is our Father and loves us, even when his silence remains incomprehensible.”
“God is the Cure, Love is the Answer”
“God is writing His story on the pages of our lives.”
“God whispered, "You endured a lot. For that I am truly sorry, but grateful. I needed you to struggle to help so many. Through that process you would grow into who you have now become. Didn't you know that I gave all my struggles to my favorite children? One only needs to look at the struggles given to your older brother Jesus to know how important you have been to me.”
“God, there must be a meaning. Fiercely he was certain that there must be a meaning. Surely, while we live we are not lost. Oh Janos, Janos my brother! Surely we are not lost--while we live.”
“God,' he said, 'God of the green pastures and the still waters. I'm not praying for help, because I'm David and that's something that can't be altered. But I want you to know that I've found out that green pastures and still waters are not enough to live by, and nor is freedom. Not when you know there's love and you haven't anyone you belong to because you're different and are only a boy who's run away. I'm saying this to tell you you needn't help me any more to escape from them . It doesn't matter. Thank you for the times you helped me when I still thought life might be a little worth living. I am David. Amen,”
“God’s seeds of hope are often sown by people and books.”
“Good luck, everyone. Good luck to us all. And may we meet again on distant shores. Some place fine and far from here.”
“Good omens let you down. Bad ones give you something to fight against.”
“Grace is a gentle thing. Easily destroyed by selfishness, envy, ill will, and fear. Easily invited by kindness, hope, forgiveness, and love.”
“Grace will follow us even when we are going the wrong way”
“Grandpapa and even Artis's friends believed that New Dawn was the most dangerous thing in their world. But Artis knew that wasn't true. Hope was. Having too much, having too little. Trying to work out that invisible balance so you don't get crushed but also don't float away was labor Artis didn't always feel strong enough to do. It hurt too much to hope sometimes. Better to just be, take whatever comes as gracefully as you can, 'cuz it's coming anyway, whether you want it or not.”
“Gratitude creates hope, and hope activates the law of attraction. ”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“Great hope has no real footing unless one is willing to face into the doom that may also be on the way. p.207”
“Great hope, great courage.”
“Great hopes make great men.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“Green is the fresh emblem of well founded hopes. In blue the spirit can wander, but in green it can rest.”
“Grief is an amputation, but hope is incurable haemophilia: you bleed and bleed and bleed. Like Schrödinger’s cat inside a box you can never ever open.”
“Grismon looked at her in a way that said he understood, but his eyes held a curious gleam. "And yet, the crocuses still bloom in early spring. The crops still push forth from the earth, taking its nutrients and transforming them into something good. I have to believe that a world that grows beauty can’t be all bad, can it? There is still some light left in Griskol, though it be just a spark. But maybe it’s enough.”
“Growing a healthy baby takes patience. It also requires faith and love.”
“HELP!” I race to the square, crossing it, looking all around, listening out- No . No . It’s empty. Viola’s breathing heavy in my arms . And Haven is empty. I reach the middle of the square. I don’t see nor hear a soul. I spin around again. “HELP!” I cry. But there’s no one. Haven’s completely empty. There ain’t hope here after all.”
“HOPE Is our anchor Keeps us alive Keeps us moving forward Keeps us strong Keeps us believing for a brighter future Keeps us hoping for more strength Keeps us praying for change Keeps us growing in faith”
“Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.”
“Hang in there. It is astonishing how short a time it can take for very wonderful things to happen.”
“Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.”
“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
“Happy endings were too much for some people, false and cheap, but hope - hope was honest. Hope was good.”
“Has anyone ever been foolish enough to think to themselves, "Well surely this is as bad as it can possibly get?”
“Have a strong desire for something you truly believe in.”
“Have faith in the future. Your future is as bright as your faith.”
“Have faith in your beliefs”
“Have you ever hoped for something? And held out for it against all the odds? Until everything you did was ridiculous? ”
“Have you ever reached a truly quiet state of mind?”
“Have you ever thought about the fact that you are royalty? The King of the universe created you, which makes you—yes, you—a child of the King. That’s your worth. You cannot quit being royal, because that’s what you have always been—even before you were born, when the King of the world knit you together in your mother’s womb (Psalm 139:13). Now, what you choose to do with your position as a child of the King is totally up to you. How you step into it, how you receive it, and what you even believe about it is in your hands.”
“Have you lost your hope? Have you remained inside the fog? Don’t worry; even if you can’t find it, a new hope will come and find you!”
“Havel had said that people struggling for independence wanted money and recognition from other countries; they wanted more criticism of the Soviet empire from the West and more diplomatic pressure. But Havel had said that these were things they wanted; the only thing they needed was hope. Not that pie in the sky stuff, not a preference for optimism over pessimism, but rather 'an orientation of the spirit.' The kind of hope that creates a willingness to position oneself in a hopeless place and be a witness, that allows one to believe in a better future, even in the face of abusive power. That kind of hope makes one strong.”
“Haven’t I always said that no amount of beating, ridicule, or degradation could change your beauty, inside or out?”
“He believed in himself, believed in his quixotic ambition, letting the failures of the previous day disappear as each new day dawned. Yesterday was not today. The past did not predict the future if he could learn from his mistakes.”
“He can't have gone, he said "Christ know he can't have gone. He's making a turn. Maybe he has been hooked before and her remembers something of it." The he felt the gentle touch on the line and he was happy.”
“He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.”
“He continued, “If you want to follow God, you have to turn away from whatever it is you were trusting and instead turn to Him. What do you turn to when you’re having a hard time to make you feel better and to give you relief, confidence, hope, or pleasure? Whatever you turn to, that’s the thing you worship. That’s the thing you love most. Whatever is at the core of your life, that’s the thing you are actively turning to and trusting in to give meaning to your life and help you through the hard times. That thing is your functional god. If you put drugs or money or sex in the center, your wellbeing will be dependent on those things. In essence, they will rule you.”
“He could not forget. Nor should he. But today, today I could try to take away—no, alleviate —some of the pain. For just a moment. Sometimes, sometimes a moment was enough.”
“He couldn’t look back at the children. He couldn’t think of it. All he could do was watch the eyes of his wife. He pulled her to him, her body soft, her skin warm. She was life, she was his. He took her lips and tasted his freedom once more. The subtle tenderness. The hope hidden in joined breath. He took it into himself. Soaking in the peace that came with it. And even as the rustling began he felt still, he felt calm. Scratching and scrapping within the stones, and the rustle of wings. But all Eli knew was the nature of love.”
“He cursed himself for having assumed the weather would be sunny. Perhaps it was the result of evolution, he thought--some adaptive gene that allowed the English to go on making blithe outdoor plans in the face of almost certain rain.”
“He did not belong to the Indians. He did not belong to the whites. And it was not time for him to belong to the stars. He belonged right where he was now. He belonged nowhere.”
“He had that sense, or inward prophecy,-- which a young man had better never have been born than not to have, and a mature man had better die at once than utterly to relinquish,-- that we are not doomed to creep on forever in the old bad way, but that, this very now, there are harbingers abroad of a golden era, to be accomplished in his own lifetime.”
“He hesitated, remembering something Finnikin had said to him on their journey. That somehow, even in the worst of times, the tiniest fragments of good survive. It was the grip in which one held those fragments that counted.”
“He leaned her back against the tub, setting her head on the edge, then washed her shoulders. "I know I left you once." She opened her mouth, wanting to say it didn't matter, it was forgotten. But it wasn't. "I know I hurt you." Again, she wanted to argue. But she couldn't. "I know I said I won't leave you again, but I also know that's not enough, and that the only way you're going to trust that I won't leave is if I don't". He slid the cloth over her arms. "If this ends, Hope, it won't be me that ends it. I think you know that.”
“He makes a sharp maneuver, trying to hold my wrist for a better grip, but he fails.”
“He never had any real hope in the affair from the beginning;but being a cheerful hobbit he had not needed hope,as long as despair could be postponed.”
“He spoke of hope and opportunity, and the difference between them: Opportunity, he said, was an objective reality. Hope was the faith things could be better.”
“He told me once it was cruel to give hope where none should be.”
“He turned away, and suddenly she thought about the old children's story, where the stupid girl opens the box that God gave her, and all the evils of the world fly out, except Hope, which stays at the bottom; and she wondered what Hope was doing in there in the first place, in with all the bad things. Then the answer came to her, and she wondered how she could've been so stupid. Hope was in there because it was evil too, probably the worst of them all, so heavy with malice and pain that it couldn't drag itself out of the opened box.”
“He uttered a triumphant cry: It is Accomplished! And it was as though he had said: Everything has begun.”
“He uttered a triumphant cry: It is Accomplished! And it was as though he had said: Everything has begun”
“He who has hope is happy.”
“He who makes fun of a short and fat man’s weight is much less cruel than he who makes fun of his height.”
“He who plants a tree, plants a hope.”
“He will always provide for His children, but it may not be in the manner we wish.”
“He will not succeed in this," Taran said. "Somehow, we must find a way to escape. We dare not lose hope." "I agree absolutely," Fflewddur answered. "Your general idea is excellent; it's only the details that are lacking ”
“He witnessed a kaleidoscopic multi-coloured horizon through his mother's eyes as she opened the colouring book and proved that broken crayons still colour.”
“He wore his hope like a winter coat, layered over the top of all of him.”
“He'd been stitching a fragile cloak of half-imagined hopes, barely with the substance of thule but there all the same. It dissolved and left him with a nasty residue of shame.”
“He'd do what he always did, find the sweet among the bitter.”
“He'd said all prayers were answered, but sometimes, the answer is no”
“Heat is a blunt instrument, but warmth is relative. We feel warmer for knowing that it's freezing outside.”
“Helpless but never without hope.”
“Her shoes were comfortable. They reflected her hope for the evening.”
“Here is little habit that can make a big difference. Send sunbeams. Intentionally send a word of encouragement or appreciation every day to one person.”
“Here she was on the other side of the grating—here she was at last, on the outside—looking in!”
“Here the whole world (stars, water, air, And field, and forest, as they were Reflected in a single mind) Like cast off clothes was left behind In ashes, yet with hopes that she, Re-born from holy poverty, In lenten lands, hereafter may Resume them on her Easter Day." (Epitaph for Joy Davidman)”
“Here's a funny question: What is your favorite word? Think about it—maybe it's a word that makes you absolutely happy, or a word that sounds gloriously beautiful, or a word that evokes awe and wonder. Maybe you are reminded of a great time when you hear it, or maybe it represents your life's dream. So, what is it? What is your favorite word of all words? Thought about it yet? Good. And now, think why .”
“Here's another poem, like all others before and after, dedicated to you. There isn't anything left to be said but I will spend my life trying to put you into words. You who is every goodness, every optimism and hope. Your love is a better fate for me than anything I could wish for. If you are a part of me, then you’re the best part. And if you're separate from me, then you are my destination. But I’ve become a weary traveller, so please, let us never be apart.”
“Here's the thing, Sorrengail. Hope is a fickle, dangerous thing. It steals your focus and aims it toward the possibilities instead of keeping it where it belongs- on the probabilities.' 'So I'm supposed to what? Not hope that I live? Just plan for death?' 'You're supposed to focus on the things that can kill you so you find ways not to die.' He shakes his head. 'I can barely count the number of people in the quadrant who want you dead, either as revenge against your mother or because you're just really good at pissing people off, but you're still here, defying the odds.' Shadows wrap around me, and I swear I feel a caress along the side of my wounded cheek. 'It's been rather surprising to watch, actually.' 'Happy to be your entertainment.”
“Here's the thing, Sorrengail. Hope is a fickle, dangerous thing. It steals your focus and aims it toward the possibilities instead of keeping it where it belongs- on the probabilities.' 'So I'm supposed to what? Not hope that I live? Just plan for death?' 'You're supposed to focus on the things that can kill you so you find ways not to die.”
“He’d heard time and again how everything was in God’s plan. At one time, he believed it. Now? Now he felt his faith fading, slipping until it was barely more than the end of a rope just beyond his fingertips.”
“He’d traveled into the afterlife, hollering for help and hearing nothing back. He knew there was no God waiting. No devil. No saints or sinners. There were only people and the stories they told themselves. People gave the heavens a voice so the had something to ask for a better harvest, a healthy child, or a milder winter. God was hope, and mankind needed hope the way it needed warmth, food and ale. But with hope came disappointment. The downtrodden yearned for stories to explain their misfortunes, though what they really wanted was somebody to blame for their misery. It was impossible to set fire to the blight that had ruined your crops, but a blight was easily summoned by a witch, at which point any poor woman would do.”
“Hindsight, I think, is a useless tool. We, each of us, are at a place in our lives because of innumerable circumstances, and we, each of us, have a responsibility (if we do not like where we are) to move along life's road, to find a better path if this one does not suit, or to walk happily along this one if it is indeed our life's way. Changing even the bad things that have gone before would fundamentally change who we are, and whether or not that would be a good thing, I believe, it is impossible to predict. So I take my past experiences  and try to regret nothing. -Drizzt Do'urden”
“His face was tense, his jaw flexed as he stared at her. She could hardly stand to meet his eyes. They were an ocean of betrayal. They probed her, searching for the smallest sign that she didn't mean it. That spark of hope that never seemed to go out.”
“His gut was stitched up good and tight, but that didn’t prevent it from flopping. He wiped his damp palms on the legs of his jeans and stood up shakily, leaning heavily on his cane. He called himself a masochist for putting himself through this torture day after day. He braced himself for the disappointment of having to go home alone. He braced himself for happiness like he’d never known in his entire life. He watched the door they would come through.”
“His hand touches my back lightly, making me shiver. 'Do you know what I admire about you?' Truly, I cannot imagine what he will say next. 'That you never stopped being angry,' he tells me. 'It can be brave to hate. Sometimes it's like hope.' I hadn't felt brave in the Court of Teeth. I had felt only a clawing desperation, as though I was forever drowning in some vast sea, gulping seawater as I sank, and then just when I felt I was going to let myself drop beneath the waves, something would make me kick one more time. Maybe that thing was hate. Hating requires going on, even when you can no longer believe in any better future. But I am shocked that Oak, of all people, would know that.”
“His hope wasn't lost, it was buried, and somehow Prudence Ryland made that old grave seem much more shallow than it once was.”
“His theory stands, however, that a cure operates primarily through the dispensing healer’s understanding of the individual, as well as the nature of plants… And in the interstices where neither cure not hope can reach, there is laudanum. ”
“His will be done, as done it surely will be, whether we humble ourselves to resignation or not. The impulse of creation forwards it; the strength of powers, seen and unseen, has its fulfillment in charge. Proof of a life to come must be given. In fire and in blood, if needful, must that proof be written. In fire and in blood do we trace the record throughout nature. In fire and in blood does it cross our own experience. Sufferer, faint not through terror of this burning evidence. Tired wayfarer, gird up thy loins, look upward, march onward. Pilgrims and brother mourners, join in friendly company. Dark through the wilderness of this world stretches the way for most of us: equal and steady be our tread; be our cross our banner. For staff we have His promis, whose 'word is tried, whose way perfect": for present hope His providence, 'who gives the shield of salvation, whose gentleness makes great'; for final home His bosom, who 'dwells in the height of Heaven'; for crowning prize a glory exceeding and eternal. Let us so run that we may obtain: let us endure hardness as good soldiers; let us finish our course, and keep the faith, reliant in the issue to come off more than conquerors: 'Art though not from everlasting mine Holy One? WE SHALL NOT DIE!”
“History flows through us. We need only gaze inward to glimpse the future's unwritten pages.”
“History says, Don’t hope On this side of the grave, But then, once in a lifetime The longed-for tidal wave Of justice can rise up, And hope and history rhyme”
“Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.”
“Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.”
“Hold fast to faith.”
“Hold on to anything, just anything. Don’t give up. There is still plenty of time for a miracle to happen in your life.”
“Hold on, Pain Ends!”
“Hold on, hang in there but hope in the Lord your God.”
“Home was not a perfect place. But it was the only home they had and they could hope to make it better.”
“Honesty was my only hope.”
“Hope Smiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier' ”
“Hope Was but a timid friend; She sat without the grated den, Watching how my fate would tend, Even as selfish-hearted men. She was cruel in her fear; Through the bars one dreary day, I looked out to see her there, And she turned her face away! Like a false guard, false watch keeping, Still, in strife, she whispered peace; She would sing while I was weeping; If I listened, she would cease. False she was, and unrelenting; When my last joys strewed the ground, Even Sorrow saw, repenting, Those sad relics scattered round; Hope, whose whisper would have given Balm to all my frenzied pain, Stretched her wings, and soared to heaven, Went, and ne'er returned again!”
“Hope against hope, still hope.”
“Hope always comes after evil has done its work. We cannot keep living on hope, though. (Box of Pandora)”
“Hope always comes in the darkest part before the dawn.”
“Hope and Memory have one daughter and her name is Art, and she has built her dwelling far from the desperate field where men hang out their garments upon forked boughs to be banners of battle. O beloved daughter of Hope and Memory, be with me for a while.”
“Hope and continuous effort can turn your failures into success.”
“Hope and desire, All unfulfilled, Have more than rope And hangman killed.”
“Hope and desire, All unfulfilled. Have more than rope And hangman killed.”
“Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need”
“Hope and faith underlie a promise, and love energizes men to realize it.”
“Hope and fear come from feeling that we lack something; they come from a sense of poverty. We can’t simply relax with ourselves. We hold on to hope, and hope robs us of the present moment. We feel that someone else knows what's going on, but that there's something missing in us, and therefore something is lacking in our world.”
“Hope and fury were more than a flame in her heart; they formed a scorching blaze that would burn down this Kingdom of Shadows with everything in it.”
“Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions, inside the walls of a hospital  Doubt is like dye. Once is spreads into the fabric of excuses you've woven, you'll never get rid of the stain.”
“Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions.”
“Hope attracts chances.”
“Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.”
“Hope can be dangerous because it means exposing yourself to the possibility of success, to allow yourself to imagine a happy ending, only to be confronted by cold, brutal disappointment.”
“Hope can be imagined as a domino effect, a chain reaction, each increment making the next increase more feasible  There are moments of fear and doubt that can deflate it.”
“Hope can get you through anything.”
“Hope can't exist on its own, it requires chaos. Most things require an opposite. Therefor, if there's no chaos - is there really hope? Although I hope to be wrong.”
“Hope cannot be eluded forever and that it can beset even those who wanted to be free of it.”
“Hope combined with action is the only thing that will bring you contentment.”
“Hope comes as a companion; she slips her arm around your shoulder and offers to help you stumble toward change”
“Hope comes not from the people around you, but from yourself.”
“Hope could not outlast the breather. Love, however . . . Love was something not even death could conquer, because at the end of everything, even life, he was hers.”
“Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: but when desire cometh, it is a tree of life. Proverbs, 13:12”
“Hope dies to ten thousand small cuts.”
“Hope does not deny all the difficulty and all the danger that exists, but it is not stopped by them. There is a lot of darkness, but our actions create light.”
“Hope filled his restless and broken heart. He lifted his battered, shameful soul and offered it. Take me, Jesus. Cleanse me. I believe. ”
“Hope finds its fulfillment when nurtured through faith and shared with love.”
“Hope fought hard to stay alive. Even when you thought it was beaten to nothing, burned to ashes, drowned deep, still it flickered away, waiting to be found again.”
“Hope gives courage to conquer.”
“Hope gives rise to faith and in faith there is strength.”
“Hope had become almost a curse to her. She wished there need be no such thing. Ha, the torment of hoping, and the insult to one‘s soul.”
“Hope has a cost. Hope is not comfortable or easy. Hope requires personal risk. It is not about the right attitude. Hope is not about peace of mind. Hope is action. Hope is doing something. The more futile, the more useless, the more irrelevant and incomprehensible an act of rebellion is, the vaster and more potent hope becomes. Hope never makes sense. Hope is weak, unorganized and absurd. Hope, which is always nonviolent, exposes in its powerlessness, the lies, fraud and coercion employed by the state. Hope knows that an injustice visited on our neighbor is an injustice visited on all of us. Hope posits that people are drawn to the good by the good. This is the secret of hope's power. Hope demands for others what we demand for ourselves. Hope does not separate us from them. Hope sees in our enemy our own face.”
“Hope hews a bright tomorrow on the surface of a dark, dry rock”
“Hope holds you fast like an anchor so you don't give way.”
“Hope hurts. That's what you need to learn, and fast, if you don't want it to cut you open from the inside out. Hope is bad. Hope means you keep on holding to things that won't ever be so again, and so you bleed an inch at a time until there's nothing left”
“Hope in the beginning feels like such a violation of the loss, and yet without it we couldn't survive.”
“Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.”
“Hope in the shadow of fear is the worlds most powerful motivator.”
“Hope is a dangerous thing, Raisa thought. Once kindled, it's hard to put out. It makes wise people into fools.”
“Hope is a delicate flower which refuses to be crushed under life's brutal heel.”
“Hope is a difficult thing to kill, just a spark of it can start a fire.”
“Hope is a flicker, a candle flame kept burning by the simple act of breathing.”
“Hope is a force of nature. Don't let anyone tell you different.”
“Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.”
“Hope is a helium balloon. It is a wish lantern set out into the dark sky of night.”
“Hope is a horrible thing, you know. I don't know who decided to package hope as a virtue because it's not. It's a plague. Hope is like walking around with a fishhook in your mouth and somebody just keeps pulling it and pulling it.”
“Hope is a journey Into an enchanted tomorrow”
“Hope is a passion for the possible.”
“Hope is a place best not forgotten’ - Iain Cameron Williams”
“Hope is a powerful thing. But be mindful. It’s only as good as the object you place it in. Hope can bring you through the darkest night. When that hope is in an impossible dream, it will bring only despair.”
“Hope is a powerful thing." "it's not worth dying for," he said. "Without it, we're already dead.”
“Hope is a pretty bow tied around a box of regret.”
“Hope is a psychological mechanism unaffected by external realities.”
“Hope is a seed that grows inside us from the moment we are born”
“Hope is a straw hat hanging beside a window covered with frost.”
“Hope is a thing with feather, but does it know how to fly?”
“Hope is a torturous thing. It wrenches one from despair just long enough to allow one to take a breath before plunging her back beneath the icy waters. If it wasn't for those breaths, it would be easy to let ice claim the soul. Easy to let surrender swallow the struggle. But hope - cruel mistress that she is - is not satisfied with so neat an ending. Like a house cat with a tiny prisoner, she wants only to torment the soul again, and again, until it dies from a burst heart.”
“Hope is a waking dream.”
“Hope is all we had when we fought the Grey Knights and the Bloodslayers,” Aria reminded her, “and it’s why we won.”
“Hope is an act of resistance.”
“Hope is an opiate, not a plan.”
“Hope is as foreign to him as it is to me, and he's circling it. Poking it with a stick. Seeing if it's still breathing, and refusing to get excited until he knows it's the real deal.”
“Hope is believing that there is something greater than us that can do something bigger than us in a way that had nothing to do with us.”
“Hope is bulletproof, truth just hard to hit”
“Hope is chief happiness.”
“Hope is durable, even when I’m not.”
“Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.”
“Hope is for people who can't see the Truth.”
“Hope is foundational to our ability to look beyond our present circumstances.”
“Hope is help.”
“Hope is holding on to the promises of God.”
“Hope is like a word made with cloud, without faith, it quickly blows away.”
“Hope is magic. Hope is a gift. Hope is a raft we cling to in the midst of a storm. Hope by nature is an independent of logic. Hope is power outside of the facts. The human mind longs for something better. Hope is not rational. Yet who need rationality when God is on our side? The capacity of hope is the most significant fact in life.”
“Hope is not a lottery ticket you can sit on the sofa and clutch, feeling lucky. It is an axe you break down doors with in an emergency. Hope should shove you out the door, because it will take everything you have to steer the future away from endless war, from the annihilation of the earth's treasures and the grinding down of the poor and marginal  To hope is to give yourself to the future - and that commitment to the future is what makes the present inhabitable.”
“Hope is not about proving anything. It's about choosing to believe this one thing, that love is bigger than any grim, bleak shit anyone can throw at us.”
“Hope is not blind optimism. It's not ignoring the enormity of the task ahead or the roadblocks that stand in our path. It's not sitting on the sidelines or shirking from a fight. Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it, and to work for it, and to fight for it. Hope is the belief that destiny will not be written for us, but by us, by the men and women who are not content to settle for the world as it is, who have the courage to remake the world as it should be.”
“Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.”
“Hope is nothing but a deceitful flatterer accepted by reason only because it is often in need of palliatives.”
“Hope is possible, when you decide to believe that what you are hoping for is possible.”
“Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them. ”
“Hope is something that can never be taken from you unless you allow someone to take it. If you never lose hope, you will never truly be poor.”
“Hope is something that ignites within. It is something you must consciously choose to nurture.”
“Hope is something that is demanded of us; it is not, then, a mere reasoned calculation of our chances. Nor is it merely the bubbling up of a sanguine temperament; if it is demanded of us, it lies not in the temperament but in the will  Hoping for what? For delivereance from persecution, for immunity from plague, pestilence, and famine ? No, for the grace of persevering in his Christian profession, and for the consequent achievement of a happy immortality. Strictly speaking, then, the highest exercise of hope, supernaturally speaking, is to hope for perseverance and for Heaven when it looks, when it feels, as if you were going to lose both one and the other.”
“Hope is something that we need in these darkest times.”
“Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed.”
“Hope is such a terrible thing. It’s like a bad habit you can’t shake off, a stray dog that keeps showing up outside your door for scraps, even when you have nothing left to give. Every time you think you’re rid of it at last, it manages to sneak its way back in. Take over.”
“Hope is sweet. Hope is illumining. Hope is fulfilling. Hope can be everlasting. Therefore, do not give up hope, Even in the sunset of your life.”
“Hope is the Ray that motivates a person to accept any difficult challenge with the belief that he will succeed in achieving his goals.”
“Hope is the anchor of the soul; keep it strong, and it will keep you steady.”
“Hope is the biggest sun after the sun in this dark universe!”
“Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles.”
“Hope is the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard.”
“Hope is the embryo of faith, but many suffer miscarriages while waiting for the baby to be born.”
“Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent.”
“Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.”
“Hope is the great deceiver. Hope is the piper who leads us sleepy to our slaughter.”
“Hope is the greatest madness. What can we expect of a world that we enter with the assurance of seeing our fathers and mothers die? A world where, if two beings love each other and give their lives to each other, both can be sure that one will watch the other perish?”
“Hope is the heartbeat of the soul~”
“Hope is the last that dies (but dies).”
“Hope is the last thing a person does before they are defeated.”
“Hope is the last thing that dies. Maybe because hope is one of those dratted things that is truly, honestly, genuinely immortal.”
“Hope is the light inside you that gets you through the darkest times.”
“Hope is the most evil of all emotions”
“Hope is the other name for God”
“Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances that we know to be desperate.”
“Hope is the powerpack that sustains you through the ups and downs of whatever you’re pursuing.”
“Hope is the ray of sunshine that breaks through the clouds of loneliness, reminding us that better days are ahead.”
“Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all.”
“Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul, And sings the tune without the words, And never stops at all, And sweetest in the gale is heard; And sore must be the storm That could abash the little bird That kept so many warm. I've heard it in the chilliest land And on the strangest sea; Yet, never, in extremity, It asked a crumb of me.”
“Hope is the thing you lose before you lose everything else.”
“Hope is what enables us to keep going in the face of adversity. It is what we desire to happen, but we must be prepared to work hard to make it so. p.8”
“Hope is what makes you look outside the window to see if it's stopped raining. Hope is what makes you believe he'll text you back. Hope is why you buy your jeans a little tight  Hope is why you get out of bed in the morning, and why you dream at night. Hope is what makes us believe that things can only get better. Hope is what keeps us going.”
“Hope isn't destiny. Left passive its nothing more than disappointment deferred”
“Hope itself is like a star- not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity.”
“Hope keeps you alive.”
“Hope knows no fear. Hope dares to blossom even inside the abysmal abyss. Hope secretly feeds and strengthens promise.”
“Hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare in the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?”
“Hope may have a positive reputation, but it has a vicious downside. If you have hope, you can be crushed.”
“Hope may inspire and inveigle us, but we cannot just live on hope. Certainly, love can be hope, but it is merely a contingency, since it might either mend our life or break our heart. ("Waiting for the smoke signals")”
“Hope means look towards the heaven.”
“Hope means you keep on holding to things that won't ever be so again, and so you bleed an inch at a time until there's nothing left.”
“Hope rests in the immovable reality that it is impervious to everything that would say it’s not. And despite how desperate our moment might be, herein lays our immovably impervious rest.”
“Hope springs eternal in the human breast; Man never Is, but always To be blest. The soul, uneasy, and confin'd from home, Rests and expatiates in a life to come.”
“Hope was a beautiful and dangerous thing; it gave you the strength to hold on through pain, but it could also hurt so much to lose it.”
“Hope was a thing you lost when simply trying to imagine better days became so exhausting, overwhelming, and depressing a task, that one opted for despair out of sheer weariness. Giving up brought a kind of peace.”
“Hope was always out ahead of fact, possibility obscured the outlines of reality.”
“Hope was an instinct only the reasoning human mind could kill. An animal never knew despair.”
“Hope was tricky like water. Somehow it always found a way in.”
“Hope wasn't a cottage industry; it was neither a product that she could manufacture like needlepoint samplers nor a substance she could secrete, in her cautious solitude, like a maple tree producing the essence of syrup. Hope was to be found in other people, by reaching out, by taking risks, by opening her fortress heart.”
“Hope which is whispered from Pandora's box only after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing us outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion.”
“Hope will lie to you, but lust is what it is; it never lies.”
“Hope with divine help is a double blessings.”
“Hope without love is hopeless.”
“Hope,  which whispered from Pandora's box after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion  It's a law of motion, a fact of physics , no different from the stages of white dwarves and red giants. Like all things in the universe, we are destined from birth to diverge. Time is simply the yardstick of our separation. If we are particles in a sea of distance, exploded from an original whole, then there is a science to our solitude. We are lonely in proportion to our years.”
“Hope, as fleeting and faroff as it was, had arise out of the darkness, but she was too timid yet to take ahold of it.”
“Hope, how she had grown to hate the word. It was an insideious seed planted inside a person's soul, surviving covertly on little tending, then flowering so spectacularly that none could help but cherish it.”
“Hope, in reality, is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.”
“Hope, love, ingenuity. Possibility is more than what runs through our veins, little one.”
“Hope," Frank grumbled. "I'd rather have a few good weasels.”
“Hope--I keep saying the word, marveling at it. Modern and world-weary, we think we are beyond it. Too wise, too jaded, we think we are past such a thing. We know what the world is, what men do to other men, and to women, and what anyone may do to a child. We have seen horrors. Executioners in uniforms. Poverty. Illness. Then It come with its threadlike feet and delicate wings. It drinks our sweat and tears, and once again we believe things are possible. [Édouard Manet]”
“Hope-that unshakable golden belief that things can get better- is why I'm here talking to you now. Without it, we are nothing.”
“Hope. It's like a drop of honey, a field of tulips blooming in the springtime. It's a fresh rain, a whispered promise, a cloudless sky, the perfect punctuation mark at the end of a sentence. And it's the only thing in the world keeping me afloat.”
“Hope. The word jumped into my mind. You have to have hope. - Red Genesis by Kailin Gow and Kira G.”
“Hope?! Hope is a bit desperate, isn't it? Hope is right below wishful thinking and right above performing a rain dance.”
“Hope?” he says. “There is always hope, John. New developments have yet to present themselves. Not all the information is in. No. Don’t give up hope just yet. It’s the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
“Hopefulness empowers us to continue our work for justice even as the forces of injustice may gain greater power for a time.” (xiv)”
“Hopeless change be contagious, but hope can be too. And there is no medicine to match it.”
“Hopeless people are people who are surrounded by negative people in this world.”
“Hopeless times call for hopeful leaders.”
“Hopelessness can be contagious, but hope can be too. And there is no medicine to match it.”
“Hopelessness is a form of silence, of denying the world and fleeing from it. The dehumanization resulting from an unjust order is not a cause for despair but for hope, leading to the incessant pursuit of the humanity denied by injustice.”
“Hopes and dreams never die, its keep trouble you until its completion”
“Hopes are like hair ornaments. Girls want to wear too many of them. When they become old women they look silly wearing even one.”
“Hoping. Hope, he sometimes thought, was more evil than hate or rage or despair. At least those didn’t raise you up only to cast you down. If sins and virtues were demons and angels, Hope would be the former masquerading as the latter.”
“Horses change lives. They give out young people confidence and self-esteem. They provide peace and tranquility to troubled souls, they give us hope.”
“Houses just like the one she lived in; tall condos, apartment buildings that looked, from where she stood, like matchboxes. In the distance, she could catch the lights flickering in the supermarket. They are all out there somewhere.”
“How I wish I was like the water, Flowing so freely with every drop Let my every emotion wonder, No need to start, nor even stop How I wish I was like the fire, Burning with every flame up Leaving a trace of hot desire As a Phoenix raises its' wings up How I wish I was like the earth, Raising each flower from the ground Seeing the beauty of death and birth And then returning to the ground How I wish I was like the wind, Hearing each whisper, sound and thought A lonesome and wandering little wind, Shattering all that has been sought Oh, how I wish I was where you are, Not separated by empty space, so far It seems like we're galaxies apart, But we find hope within our heart And how I wish I was all of the above, So I can come below and yet forget, The beauty of angels which come down like a dove And demons who love with no regret.”
“How Shall I Ever Thank You? An ode to my precious Mother For saving my life When there was a plot to end it For loving me When I felt unloved For treating me with kindness When some were unkind For standing by my side When it was not easy For providing unwavering support When I needed you the most For brightening up my days As I faced dark clouds For finding solutions When I went through challenges For offering courage When I was afraid For bringing me hope When I was in despair For showing me the way When I went astray For being able to pray When I asked for a prayer For everything you have done How shall I ever thank you?”
“How Shall I Ever Thank You? Ode to my precious Mother For saving my life When there was a plot to end it For loving me When I felt unloved For treating me with kindness When some were unkind For standing by my side When it was not easy For providing unwavering support When I needed you the most For brightening up my days As I faced dark clouds For finding solutions When I went through challenges For offering courage When I was afraid For bringing me hope When I was in despair For showing me the way When I went astray For being able to pray When I asked for a prayer For everything you have done How shall I ever thank you?”
“How can I feel so melancholy for so terrible a past? Maybe that’s just the nature of us, ever wishing for things that were and could be rather than things that are and will be. It takes more to hope than to remember.”
“How can we know what forgiveness is until we have been utterly broken by our sin?”
“How could I live above the water or breathe under it. How could I swim in darkness consumed in an ocean of you? Falling or flying towards you, losing or finding myself in you and beauty was never the word to catch all that you are. For now I know the means of the infinite and it all starts and ends with you.”
“How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?”
“How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?”
“How foolish to believe we are more powerful than the sea or the sky.”
“How fortunate we were who still had hope I did not then realise; I could not know how soon the time would come when we should have no more hope, and yet be unable to die”
“How many fears came between us? Earthquakes, diseases, wars where hell rained smoldering pus from skies made of winged death. Horror tore this world asunder. While inside the bleeding smoke and beyond the shredded weeping flesh we memorized tales of infinite good. --from The History Lesson”
“How strange the feelings when it was not your name anymore that appeared as that person's favorite.”
“How was it possible for a heart to shatter in a million pieces with what felt like no hope of reconstruction?”
“Hri Sora stood transfixed upon her roof, watching the scene being played out on the streets of Etalpalli. She could not believe her eyes. The fire in he breast flared in her fury at such a picture of tenderness enacted in this place of death. She gnashed her teeth and tore at her own hair, leaving lines of blood streaming through the lank strands. "I must be mistaken!" she raged. "How can a woman of the Land be. . . be compassionate to one of them? The little monsters! The little fiends! They have his eyes, yet she stretches out her hand to them?”
“Human forgiveness is 5 things: 1. I won’t seek revenge on you. 2. I won’t remind you of who your really are. 3. I won’t treat you the way you treated me. 4. I will release the pain as opportunities allow. 5. I won’t let your actions shape my character. It does NOT mean: 1. I have to Trust you again. 2. I approve of your actions. 3. Your character is a reflection of me. 4. I am weak. 5. My hope lies within you.”
“Human forgiveness is 5 things: 1. I won’t seek revenge on you. 2. I won’t remind you of who your really are. 3. I won’t treat you the way you treated me. 4. I will release the pain as opportunities allow. 5. I won’t let your actions shape my character. It does not mean: 1. I have Trust you again. 2. I approve of your actions. 3. Your character is a reflection of me. 4. I am weak 5. My hope lies within you.”
“Human life is under the absolute dominion of two mighty principles, fear and hope, and that any one who can make these serve his ends may be sure of rapid fortune.”
“Hunt grinned. Her little smile was like seeing the sun after days of rain.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“I admire your beliefs Miss Zeldin, and rest assured… you could never offend me.”
“I always thought old age would be a writer’s best chance. Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. B. Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it. Now, my memory’s gone, all the old fluency’s disappeared. I don’t write a single sentence without saying to myself, ‘It’s a lie!’ So I know I was right. It’s the best chance I’ve ever had.”
“I am a Malkuthian just like you, a proud Malkuthian. The enemy looks not only to take our lives but to erase our civilization, erase our history, erase the memory of our very existence. That means that all of those who’ve died in the past, everything we worked for, everything we fought for, everything we sacrificed for is at stake here and now. I tell you, we are hurting, we are bleeding, we are struggling, but so are the Dragons. They’ve come to our home. They’ve come to our yard to play. We’ve proven to them what a serious mistake that was. Their casualties are catastrophic. Their generals are dead. And what’s more: they fight for an inferior cause. They fight to conquer and kill. They fight for power. They fight because their leaders told them to. WE fight for each other. We fight because we believe that our civilization—as flawed as it may be—is something worth saving. It’s something worth holding on to. Hold on, Malkuthians. Fight, and fight, and fight until there’s nothing left. Show these darn Dragons just who exactly they’re messing with. We are Malkuthians, proud Malkuthians. We will not be extinguished.”
“I am an ambassador in chains,” wrote Paul in Ephesians 6:20.”
“I am different. I am thankful for that. I know people understand me. I believe they feel like I feel. I know they smile like I smile. I know they cry like I cry. Not tears of sorrow, no, but rather tears of gratitude and contentment – the gifts provided to us by what I believe is a loving, benevolent force in the multiverse.”
“I am disowned by my own yet loved by strangers. I am not sure where my home is… and I don’t care anymore because these artificial boundaries can’t stop me from loving you.”
“I am forever grateful for not knowing—What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.”
“I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.”
“I am heartbroken over no one, over having nobody to wish for, nobody to hope for.”
“I am heartbroken, but I have been heartbroken before, and this might be the best for which I can hope.”
“I am hope.”
“I am hopeful because love overflows from my heart. Gratitude for beauty and life leads my way.”
“I am hopeful, though not full of hope, and the only reason I don't believe in happy endings is because I don't believe in endings.”
“I am no ecological Pollyana. I have borne, and will continue to bear, feelings of wholehearted melancholy over the ecological state of the earth. How could I not? How could anyone not? But I am unwilling to become a hand-wringing nihilist, as some environmental 'realists' seem to believe is the more mature posture. Instead, I choose to dwell, as Emily Dickinson famously suggested, in possibility , where we cannot predict what will happen but we make space for it, whatever it is, and realize that our participation has value. This is grown-up optimism, where our bondedness with the rest of creation, a sense of profound interaction, and a belief in our shared ingenuity give meaning to our lives and actions on behalf of the more-than-human world.”
“I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.”
“I am not afraid to die; I am only afraid of saying goodbye to you forever.”
“I am planting a tree in this bomb crater to remind us that in the midst of death, there is life  and hope.”
“I am searching for one thing—a connection, however fleeting, to anchor me.”
“I am struggling to live because I have hope. If I didn't have hope, I would have died a long time ago.”
“I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.”
“I am the light of darkness.”
“I am, and always will be, the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes, and the dreamer of improbable dreams.”
“I arrived, I saw humans and I saw through their faces. Nothing ever changes but the light in their eyes. For I too have buried my demons today, without knowing what might remain beneath the face of tomorrow.”
“I beg you, friend, be happy. I have the vague sense that on your capacity to be happy hangs our only hope.”
“I believe I can make it On my own Thanks to my inherent tendency To do miracles The Waxing”
“I believe in hope, in what is something called ”radical hope.” I believe there is hope for all of us, even amid the suffering. And that’s why I write fiction, probaby. It’s my attempt to keep that fragile strand of radical hope, to buld a fire in the darkness.r”
“I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.”
“I believe that the healing for everything that’s ever been broken in my life was on its way long before the brokenness thought that it had its way.”
“I believe that we are lost here in America, but I believe we shall be found. And this belief, which mounts now to the catharsis of knowledge and conviction, is for me--and I think for all of us--not only our own hope, but America's everlasting, living dream.”
“I believe the 'better part' isn't just what Mary chooses but how she chooses.”
“I believe there is a dignity in sorrow simply because it is God’s good pleasure that there should be. He is forever raising up those who are brought low.”
“I believe very strongly that museums and libraries, at their best, help the public by defining reality and still giving hope.”
“I burned all our bridges - not knowing that love knows how to swim.”
“I came to the conclusion that unrealized hopes, even small ones, were always wrenching.”
“I can always look up at the cosmos and marvel, no matter what happens. And when I look up at it, I feel as though my problems are small. I don't know why, but it always makes me feel better.”
“I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.”
“I can handle the pain, it's the hope that kills me.”
“I can hardly wait for tomorrow, it means a new life for me each and every day.”
“I can still bring into my body the joy I felt at seeing the first trillium of spring, which seemed to be telling me, "Never give up hope, spring will come.”
“I care not for the end, only for the path taken.”
“I cared about them. I wanted them to feel better, to live better lives. And then it occurred to me - I cared about myself. I wanted me to live a better life, too Caring about myself was allowing me to care about others.”
“I catch myself remembering that he carves each moment of joy from the jaws of a world that seeks, every day, to devour him. Sometimes I remember this is true of both of us, and then to believe in anything, let alone joy, seems like a lonely tightrope walk.”
“I caught myself thinking about falling in love with someone who I hoped was out there right now thinking about the possibility of me, but I quickly banished the notion. It was that kind of thinking that landed me in this situation to begin with. Hope can ruin you.”
“I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.”
“I challenge you to say yes to whatever you are currently saying no to. Don’t let fear make you say no when God is leading you to say yes.”
“I choose not to wrap myself up in grief over things I cannot change, cannot control, and, instead take joy in all the gifts I've been presented. Rather than rail against the moments I cannot have, I will cherish those I do--instead of squandering them in useless rage.”
“I choose this." Farrendel shouted the words this time, even though there was no one there to hear him. "I choose you, Essie. Do you hear that? I chose you, and I am going to survive this.”
“I choose to be thankful for what little that I have. And I choose to hope.”
“I clutched my tin of buttermilk beskuit. I wanted to give him something to help with the shock. But he needed something else even more than these broken rusks. Something we all needed: hope. We had to have hope.”
“I compared Obama to an Etch A Sketch. You could impose upon him whatever you wanted. He was your American dream. That was the beauty of the hope and change message emblazoned on his face. He was the promise of what America could be and become for everyone if the nation overcame its racism and cruelty. A scrawny kid born to a Muslim Kenyan father and a white mother, who grew up in Indonesia, ate biryani with his Pakistani roommate in college, and graduated from Harvard Law School, ended up being one of the most beloved politicians in the modern era and the most powerful man in the world. Maybe a Pakistani kid could become president? If America voted for Obama twice, then why not our kids? That was the power of Obama. He allowed the nation to imagine "What If?”
“I could have loved him with everything I had but he wasn't prepared for the depth i provided ~ had I been a woman of weakness I would have stayed, but he lost the chance when he said I wasn't enough that day.”
“I could reach these kids, and they reached back. They put a Band-Aid on some type of wound I'd never quite located.”
“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.”
“I could smack her, punch her in the face, but then I see what she can't hide from me. I've seen it before-the desperation, the agony, the need to find a reason to go on, and the inability to find it.”
“I could steal words from my idol, Echo lyrics of a vinyl, But I have this feeling since we first met, That the right words haven’t been written yet.”
“I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.”
“I couldn't help thinking that if I, by pure chance, had found a whole universe in a single unknown book, buried in that endless necropolis, tens of thousands more would remain unexplored, forgotten forever.”
“I dared to look at eternity and I lost all hope.”
“I dared to look at eternity and I lost all hope; for the things I keep are fading and the ones I never called mine outgrew my own mind.”
“I decided I would not go to court to have my mother declared incompetent, I would not fight. I put the car in drive and hit the gas. I felt as if I'd jumped off a sinking ship and was in a life raft with my little girl, my face turned away from the horror, rowing, rowing, as fast and as hard as I could in the opposite direction.”
“I didn't know that I've completely left them all in the past. There's a part of me, wishing and hoping, that she would come back for me, and we would start a new life together, but she didn't.”
“I do not know what is happening. The reason of my waking mind tells me that great evil has befallen and we stand at the end of days. But my heart says nay; and all my limbs are light, and a hope and joy are come to me that no reason can deny. [ ] I do not believe that darkness will endure!”
“I do not think it irresponsible to portray even the direst futures if we are to avoid them we must understand that they are possible. But where are the alternatives Where are the dreams that motivate and inspire We long for realistic maps of a world we can be proud to give to our children. Where are the cartographers of human purpose Where are the visions of hopeful futures of technology as a tool for human betterment and not a gun on hair trigger pointed at our heads”
“I don't believe we shall ever again have any form of society in which men will be free. One should not hope for it. One should not hope for anything. Hope is invented by politicians to keep the electorate happy.”
“I don't buy idea of second chance. With hope we make a lot of chances.”
“I don't know when the boys began to walk away with parts of myself in their sticky hands; when loving became a process of subtraction. Or why, having given up what seems so much, I'm willing to lose even more — erasing all this body's known, relearning it with you.”
“I don't know when we'll see each other again or what the world will be like when we do. We may both have seen many horrible things. But I will think of you every time I need to be reminded that there is beauty and goodness in the world.”
“I don't like hope very much. In fact, I hate it. It's the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard. It's bad news. The worst. It's sharp sticks and cherry bombs. When hope shows up, it's only a matter of time until someone gets hurt.”
“I don't realize how big the hope in my chest has grown until it crashes down into my lungs, taking all of my breaths with it.”
“I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”
“I don't want to live in a world where the strong rule and the weak cower. I'd rather make a place where things are a little quieter. Where trolls stay the hell under their bridges and where elves don't come swooping out to snatch children from their cradles. Where vampires respect the limits, and where the faeries mind their p's and q's. My name is Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. Conjure by it at your own risk. When things get strange, when what goes bump in the night flicks on the lights, when no one else can help you, give me a call. I'm in the book.”
“I don’t care if anyone else is disappointed. But to some, the very existence of a certain person in this world is in itself, hope.”
“I dream of a moment when, without my asking, my actions will betray completely this part of me that asks for nothing”
“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
“I embraced a cloud, but when I soared it rained.”
“I embraced that hope for a moment, grabbed onto it with both hands, and held it close like the rare treasure it was. Then I let go of it, let it float away like a butterfly on a bright day, because the darkest part of the night was yet to come, and there was no place for it here.”
“I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.”
“I fear you think your strength lies in your darkness. But the measure of a man is not the fear he sows in his enemies. It is the hope he gives his friends.”
“I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.”
“I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.”
“I felt I could turn the earth upside down with my littlest finger. I wanted to dance, to fly in the air and kiss the sun and stars with my singing heart. I, alone with myself, was enjoying myself for the first time as with grandest company.”
“I felt as if I were riding a pendulum. Just as I would swing into the abyss of hopelessness, the pendulum would swing back with some small goodness.”
“I felt that someone who was different from another didn’t make them weird. If anything, it would be weird if all people were the same, and frankly, boring. I didn’t think people had to force connections with everyone, but they surely didn’t have to judge each other either.”
“I find peace when I'm confused, I find hope when I'm let down, not in me but in you.”
“I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too.”
“I fought the urge to look at the sky, afraid of retribution for something that felt so good.”
“I found it strange that there could be so much beauty in the death of all these living things. Maybe it was only beautiful because we knew they would be resurrected next spring. I don't think I would enjoy fall quite as much if I knew there was an eternal winter to follow.”
“I guess every friendship has its ups and downs.”
“I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.”
“I guess this is a message for those of you who contemplate permanent solutions to temporary problems. You never know what could be coming in the future. There is so much music you've yet to hear.”
“I had always thought that being a member of a non-denominational, Southern-Baptist-rooted, majority-white evangelical church was the only way to be a true Christian. But my journey has shown me that God is not confined to the boxes we try to put Him in.”
“I had learned that every patient has the right to hope, despite long odds, and it was my role to help nurture that hope.”
“I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.”
“I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones.”
“I have all faith in you. I will look to your coming when spring walks in the land.”
“I have always believed that hope is that stubborn thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.”
“I have been protecting you, and yet you still begrudge sharing your trust. Tell me, why did you trust the Hex Boys?” “I didn’t,” I snorted. “At first I thought they were—” “—trying to kill you? Then there is hope for me.”
“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
“I have come," said a deep voice behind them. They turned and saw the Lion himself, so bright and real and strong that everything else began at once to look pale and shadowy compared with him.”
“I have found there to be little distance between the unlatching of a chain and the spreading of a woman’s legs. As if they can never unbar only a single entrance. It’s a disease called hope. Women suffer from it greatly.”
“I have hope for you, if only because you're the only one left to hope for.”
“I have no idea of eternity but I think kindness keeps the spirit young. I am thus asking you to be kind and feel it for yourself.”
“I have no word of yours to assure me that our brief friendship held for you the same significance it held for me, but I must go on believing so. Every hope of the future is meaningless unless I have faith that you and I will share it together.”
“I have often reflected upon the new vistas that reading opened to me. I knew right there, in prison, that reading had changed forever the course of my life. As I see it today, the ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive. I certainly wasn’t seeking any degree, the way a college confers a status symbol upon its students. My home made education gave me, with every additional book that I read, a little bit more sensitivity to the deafness, dumbness, and blindness that was afflicting the black race in America. Not long ago, an English writer telephoned me from London asking questions. One was, “What’s your alma mater?” I told him, “Books.” You will never catch me with a free fifteen minutes in which I’m not studying something I feel might be able to help the black man.”
“I have said for many years that the only real difference between a philosophy and a religion is one or more gods  I am learning more and more-- as I did when studying eastern religions in my twenties-- how powerful prayer can be, and I don't mean because one god answers anyone's prayers. It is the place it puts us in. Focus. Reflection. Vertical communication. Surrender (to the powers that be and those that may or may not be). And so: Hope.”
“I have spoken words of hope. But only of hope. Hope is not victory.”
“I hope I make people feel better. I hope I take people out of their situations a little bit and make them happier. That's really why I do what I do.”
“I hope Limitless.. and its this Limitless hope that pushes me forward to live this Life..!!!”
“I hope history remembers me as a cool scientist, not a nerdy one!”
“I hope suffering don't exist.”
“I hope that all mankind will at length…have reason and sense enough to settle their differences without cutting throats.”
“I hope that someday when I am gone, someone, somewhere, picks my soul up off of these pages and thinks, "I would have loved her.”
“I hope to see my friend and shake his hand. I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams. I hope.”
“I hope you remember me, Like I remember you! I hope we meet one day, Like our Love was due!”
“I hope your heart feels better. I hope your mind is set right. I hope your love is connected to others, and you don't feel so lost and locked up. I hope everything is okay for you. And by okay, I mean greater than ever.”
“I hope, or I could not live. And so, in hope and solitude, my story ends.”
“I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.”
“I inhale hope with every breath I take.”
“I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…”
“I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.”
“I kept on believing that I should come to lay my bones in Africa. For this firm faith I had no other foundation, or no other reason, than my complete incompetency of imagining anything else.”
“I kept reaching for my muses, my wandering muses, floating on clouds filled with their passions.” (Muses of Wandering Passions, p. 64)”
“I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.”
“I knew I was catching at straws; but in the wide and weltering deep where I found myself, I would have caught at cobwebs.”
“I knew then, even in a twilight of unknown tomorrows, some things would still shine.”
“I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope.”
“I know how you feel because I’ve been there too. I’ve hated and I’ve loved. I’ve seen my demons root and crawl and my angels branch and soar. I've died within myself and lived a thousand different lives. I too fight the same war and I too am drowning in the puddles of self-consciousness this world created.”
“I know now, after fifty years, that the finding/losing, forgetting/remembering, leaving/returning, never stops. The whole of life is about another chance, and while we are alive, till the very end, there is always another chance.”
“I know now, just quite how My life and love might still go on In your heart, in your mind I'll stay with you for all of time.”
“I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet.”
“I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.”
“I know too well how dangerous hope can be, how it grows and sometimes dies, taking its host with it. It's more powerful than anything Dr.Fibs keeps in his labs, more precious than all the secrets inside Sublevel Two.”
“I laugh at myself sometimes, just looking at the journey, I have been travel so far, anyway much more to come, hoping for the best.”
“I laugh because I must not cry, that is all, that is all. ”
“I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .”
“I like the immaterial world. I like to live among thoughts and images of the past and the possible, and even of the impossible, now and then.”
“I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.”
“I like to think that our story isn’t over just yet, that someday we’ll meet again and finally get it right.”
“I live in a house of many mirrors. Each morning I wake and watch the sun escape the clutches of the night as it hurries home to me, it wiggles its way into my room through the sheerness of my unwashed drapes. How often must my curtains be washed?, I wonder for only a moment as I follow the beam that lands on one of my many mirrors. My thoughts bounce, from one spot to another, to an open space on the wall. where they rest, next to the beating of the tiny hand of my old wall clock it presses forward, the smell of fresh coffee that is yet to be made calls to me, Having sufficiently tapped into the pulse of the morning I breathe, I pull back the curtains Allowing myself to fully be evoked by what I can only describe as a love song, composed by a gathering of light, settling of the midnight mist and lovers union …stirring in a cup of hope.”
“I look at him and see confidence. Well, okay. First, I see muscles, then…”
“I look in the mirror through the eyes of the child that was me.”
“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
“I love Nature partly because she is not man, but a retreat from him. None of his institutions control or pervade her. There a different kind of right prevails. In her midst I can be glad with an entire gladness. If this world were all man, I could not stretch myself, I should lose all hope.”
“I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.”
“I love the smell of coffee when I wake up in the morning. It gives me the awesome feeling of hope!”
“I love these geese. They make my chest tight and full and help me believe that things will be all right again, that I will pass through this time as I have passed through other times, that the vast and threatening blank ahead of me is a mere specter, that life is lighter and more playful than I’m giving it credit for. But right on the heels of that feeling, that suspicion that all is not yet lost, comes the urge to tell my mother, tell her that I am okay today, that I have felt something close to happiness, that I might still be capable of feeling happy. She will want to know that. But I can't tell her. That's the wall I always slam into on a good morning like this. My mother will be worrying about me, and I can't tell her that I'm okay. The geese don't care that I'm crying again. They're used to it.”
“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
“I love you.' HIs heard lifted, eyes churning. 'There was a time when I dreamed of hearing that,' he murmured. 'When I never thought I'd hear it from you.' He gestured to the tent- to Adriata beyond it. 'Our trip here was the first time I let myself  hope.”
“I made a sorry face in response to such strong insistence, but I couldn’t believe him. Fantasies were exactly that fantasies. Whimsy. Wishes. Mere castles in the sky without foundation or substance. Dreams didn’t come true. To believe so would be to believe falsely, to surrender to madness, to give in to an unreliable hope that would crush me once again as it always, always did!”
“I made him a promise." Kevin dragged his stare away from Neil's face to follow Andrew's progress. "He's waiting to see if I can keep it." "I don't understand." Kevin said nothing for so long Neil almost gave up waiting for an answer. Finally he explained, "Andrew on his drugs is useless, but Andrew off his drugs is worse. His high school counselor saw the difference between his junior and senior years and swore this medicine saved his life. A sober Andrew is…" Kevin thought for a moment, trying to remember her exact words, and crooked his fingers at Neil as he quoted, "destructive and joyless. "Andrew has neither purpose nor ambition," Kevin said. "I was the first person who ever looked at Andrew and told him he was worth something. When he comes off these drugs and has nothing else to hold him up I will give him something to build his life around." "He agreed to this?" Neil asked. "But he's fighting you every step of the way. Why?" "When I first said you would be Court, why were you upset with me?" "Because I knew it'd never happen," Neil said, "but I wanted it anyway." Kevin said nothing. Neil waited, then realized he'd answered his own question.”
“I made up my mind right then what I really wanted in my life. It was comfort of a home and a family. But more than that, I wanted love. I wanted love to surround me. I wanted to swim in it. I wanted to hold it in my hand like heated sand and pour it through my fingers so it covered my feet. I wanted to taste it, I wanted to smell it. I wanted to wrap myself up in it like a blanket and stay safe and warm inside of it forever. And I wanted to give it. I wanted to drown people in it. I wanted to love with all my heart and be loved just as much in return.”
“I may not shine as brightly as my friend Happiness, but my flame is harder to extinguish.”
“I mean hope as in stillness, those moments when you just know things are going to work out.”
“I mean, after all, you have to consider we're only made out of dust. That's admittedly not much to go on and we shouldn't forget that. But even considering, I mean it's sort of a bad beginning, we're not doing too bad. So I personally have faith that even in this lousy situation we're faced with we can make it. You get me?”
“I mean, at the end of the day, what the hell does it matter who I end up with if it can't be you?”
“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
“I might have my holes, but the healing of today means that they will be smaller in every tomorrow, including the one that is now only hours away.”
“I must feel certain that not only at the moment of my death shall I be able to account for the time I have lived; I ought to be ready at every moment of my life to confront myself and say - This is what I have done.”
“I must reluctantly observe that two causes, the abbreviation of time, and the failure of hope, will always tinge with a browner shade the evening of life.”
“I need you because I know I deserve you but let me fall in love with you one last time before I let go. So I can remember the beautiful imperfection that rattled my bones.”
“I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.”
“I neither stay in hope nor keep others in hope.”
“I never knew the joy, energy and ambitions which are in youth - yet I know the loss and I feel that I have been robbed of my heritage. You can dream of the future and of your children's future: we can dream of nothing but the past.”
“I often wonder if the bright benefit of belief outweighed the darkness it’s abuse could bring.”
“I only know the stony plain, wandering, and the gradual loss of hope. I am the sterile offspring of a race about which I know nothing, not even whether it has become extinct. Perhaps, somewhere humanity is flourishing under the stars, unaware that a daughter of its blood is ending her days in silence. There is nothing we can do about it.”
“I plead with you--never, ever give up on hope, never doubt, never tire, and never become discouraged. Be not afraid.”
“I pondered all these things, and how men fight and lose the battle, and the thing that they fought for comes about in spite of their defeat, and when it comes turns out not to be what they meant, and other men have to fight for what they meant under another name.”
“I pray and hope that those beloved Ukrainians may have the strength, courage, and faith to carry on.”
“I promise I'll never tell." "Don't promise that," he said in an ultraserious voice. "If they try to hurt you and the only way to protect yourself is to tell them what you know about me, then you tell them. Straight off, okay?" "No." "Promise me." "No!" "I will possess your heart." Heat flared along the back of my neck. "What did you say?" "My favorite song. 'I Will Possess Your Heart.'" "By Death Cab for Cutie?" He snorted. "No, the little known T.I. Hip-hop remix. Yes, Death Cab for Cutie."   "Why? What's wrong with it?" "Nothing, but it doesn't seem to fit you. It's kind of a sad song." "No it's pure confident. It's not 'I want' or 'I need', none of that crap." He slipped his hand over mine. "It's 'I will.'" A nervous laugh bubbled up. "You will, huh?" His fingers brushed my cheek, then slid into my hair. "I will.”
“I ran anyway. And clutched his fingers as though he could drag me into a world where other kinds of games were possible. Hope lit my heart.”
“I realize that even in the worst of times there’s always a ray of hope.”
“I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.”
“I really don't even know you, and yet, in my life, you are forever entangled; to my history, inextricably bound.”
“I really rarely meet someone with quality like this: has great expectation and persistent efforts to earn it, yet also had a high immunity against disappointment. Jarang sekali aku bertemu orang dengan kualitas seperti ini: memiliki harapan besar dan upaya gigih untuk mencapainya, namun juga punya kekebalan yang tinggi terhadap kekecewaan.”
“I remember being scared that something must, surely, go wrong, if we were this happy, her and me, in the early days, when our love was settling into the shape of our lives like cake mixture reaching the corners of the tin as it swells and bakes.”
“I remembered back to leo's burial and holding your hand. I was eleven and you were six, your hand soft and small in mine. As the vicar said 'in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life' you turned to me, 'I don't want sure and certain hope I want sure and certain Bee.”
“I said, "The darkness shall content my soul;" God said," Let there be light." I said, "The night shall see me reach my goal;" Instead, came dawning bright. I bared my head to meet the smiter's stroke; There came sweet-dropping oil. I waited, trembling, but the voice that spoke, Said gently, "Cease thy toil.”
“I see him, but I can’t move. I stand rooted in place like a tree with my arms outstretched. “Momma!” he giggles with glee, and he runs toward me, dangerously close to the vat of boiling water. Water vapor rises from the vat and hangs suspended in the air in a slow, surreal way. Some soap bubbles float large and free, growing until they burst, appearing like a shimmer of glitter around the halo of Lonny’s blond ringlets. My frozen-in-place arms strain to rescue him, but they are immovable. I’m helpless to prevent what’s coming next—”
“I see the lamp of hope burning brightly inside you. Feed it with oil. Care for it daily; protect it from ghastly winds and lashing rains. The looming darkness surrounding us can never win until the tiniest lamp produces the faintest glow.”
“I see their silent war waging inside, of fear, of doubt, of hope.”
“I should have been bolder and kissed her at the end. I should have been more cautious. I had talked too much. I had said too little.”
“I show my scars so that others know they can heal.”
“I shuffle along, letting the current pull me, and i have the sense that I am like a rat caught in a maze of tunnels, moving endlessly toward some promise of of what? Light? Life? Cheese?”
“I slide my head down to find rest on his shoulder.”
“I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!”
“I stand behind my decision. You see yourself as failing- but that's not what I see. Sure, when you're in the midst of your own suffering, it's easy to convince yourself that you're no good- but we are all tested in this life, Connor. The measure of a man is not how much he suffers in the test, but how he comes out at the end.”
“I still believe in man in spite of man. I believe in language even though it has been wounded, deformed, and perverted by the enemies of mankind. And I continue to cling to words because it is up to us to transform them into instruments of comprehension rather than contempt. It is up to us to choose whether we wish to use them to curse or to heal, to wound or to console.”
“I still have doubts about it, but I don’t want her to know.”
“I suppose she's right. It's like a metaphor for life: No one wants an ornery old goat, but we can't resist opening the door ayway. We can't keep from hoping.”
“I suppose that’s what I finally learned from this whole mess—that you need other people to move forward. You can’t do it on your own, and there are always people around who want to help, including people that have been through much worse.”
“I think at the heart of so much restlessness of the day is a spiritual vacuum. There is a yearning for meaningful lives, a yearning for values we can commonly embrace. I hear an almost inaudible but pervasive discontent with the price we pay for our current materialism. And I hear a fluttering of hope that there might be more to life than bread and circuses.”
“I think hope is the worst thing in the world. I really do. It makes a fool of you while it lasts. And then when it's gone, it's like there's nothing left of you at all . . . except what you can't be rid of.”
“I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?”
“I think i should get love inked on my skin. Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.”
“I think if Eternity held torment, its form would not be fiery rack, nor its nature, despair. I think that on a certain day amongst those days which never dawned, and will not set, an angel entered Hades — stood, shone, smiled, delivered a prophecy of conditional pardon, kindled a doubtful hope of bliss to come, not now, but at a day and hour unlooked for, revealed in his own glory and grandeur the height and compass of his promise: spoke thus — then towering, became a star, and vanished into his own Heaven. His legacy was suspense — a worse boon than despair.”
“I think sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we’re imagining it. Because it is the most painful kind of hope there is.”
“I think you did it because you were brave.” “Brave, is a big word, Robert! Too big. A word you would have to live up to if such a word was to find its way around to certain groups.” “But what you did was brave, Baz.” “But, Robert, the point is, I don’t remember how I did it. So please do not tell anyone what you saw – they will expect me to do it again. Can you imagine what might happen? And now look at my other leg. It’s shaking even more than the first one. I couldn’t run if I had to. You see what I face? Let’s head back now, in case the fox comes back.” “It won’t come back, Baz,” said Robert. “I wouldn’t.”
“I thought that the light-house looked lovely as hope, That star on life's tremulous ocean.”
“I thought: hope cannot be said to exist, nor can it be said not to exist. It is just like roads across the earth. For actually the earth had no roads to begin with, but when many men pass one way, a road is made.”
“I threw my hands in the air and said show me something. He said, "if you dare come a little closer".”
“I took a walk this morning. And as I did, I wished that an awakening world would see opportunities in this day that it did not see when it went to bed last night. And I further wished that when it went to bed at the close of this day, it did so with enough hope for a thousand mornings of opportunity.”
“I tried to think and hope for the best, but it didn’t change who I was. It didn’t change my core, my desires, my actions, nor my life, for that matter. Did it matter how many nice thoughts I put out into the universe if I remained a self-centered prick? Did it matter how many “selfless” thoughts and deeds I had if the only reason I performed them was to benefit myself, or gain a better future for myself?”
“I truthfully feel none of us have anyone to blame for whatever we have done with our own personal lives. It has been proven that at the age of 7 most of us have reached the age of reason—which means we do, at this age, understand & know the difference between right & wrong.”
“I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.”
“I turned in my seat. Will’s face was in shadow and I couldn’t quite make it out. ‘Just hold on. Just for a minute.’ ‘Are you all right?’ I found my gaze dropping towards his chair, afraid some part of him was pinched, or trapped, that I had got something wrong. ‘I’m fine. I just . . . ’ I could see his pale collar, his dark suit jacket a contrast against it. ‘I don’t want to go in just yet. I just want to sit and not have to think about . . . ’ He swallowed. Even in the half-dark it seemed effortful. ‘I just . . . want to be a man who has been to a concert with a girl in a red dress. Just for a few minutes more.’ I released the door handle. ‘Sure.’ I closed my eyes and lay my head against the headrest, and we sat there together for a while longer, two people lost in remembered music, half hidden in the shadow of a castle on a moonlit hill.”
“I understood that the most terrible thing in life is complete hopelessness  To cross out all the 'maybes' and give up the fight when you still have strength for it is the most terrible form of suicide. It's almost unbearable to watch it happening in others. Unjustified hope - salvation for the weak in spirit and intellect - irritates me. But the loss of hope is the paralysis, even the death, of the soul. Sveta, let us hope, while we still have strength to hope.”
“I used to believe my art had to be about the things that brought me joy and gave me hope. But I learned that art can be found in all of life, even in pain. --Valentine, while in Italy (pg 267)”
“I used to think I was the strangest person in the world but then I thought, there are so many people in the world, there must be someone just like me who feels bizarre and flawed in the same ways I do I would imagine her, and imagine that she must be out there thinking of me too. well, I hope that if you are out there you read this and know that yes, it’s true I’m here, and I’m just as strange as you.”
“I used to think that. But then I realized, believe it or not, it's actually beautiful to some people. It must be, because enough people live here, and they can't all think it's ugly." He smiles out at the ugly trees and the ugly farmland and the ugly kids as if he can see Oz. As if he can really, truly see the beauty that's there.”
“I want everyone to know that nothing can prevent them from growing and maturing as needed.”
“I want him to love me as much as I love him.”
“I want my illusion back, I want the feeling of hope to return because reality is too cruel without a maybe…. I want to look at you and feel home again, safe, protected, without fear, because right now I can’t sustain the elements without you as my armor…… I want you to be my sun again and warm my soul, because the light left with you and it’s getting cold, again…. I want my missing pieces back, the one’s you borrowed from me because I can’t make myself whole with what you left of me….”
“I want my words to be ones that speak life, not death. I want my words to bring hope, not despair. And I want my words to be filled with light that penetrated darkness, truth that obliterates lies, and trust that leaves no room for fear.”
“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
“I want to be the kind of person who can walk inside the vast darkness and find the one fragment of sunlight I can linger in for a long time. Some day, I will.”
“I want to believe that I'm not wrong. I want to believe that life isn't full of darkness. Even if storms come to pass, the sun will shine again. No matter how painful and hard the rain may beat down on me.”
“I want to bottle this moment up in a leakproof container, because there's magic here. There's hope . But I can't bottle this. Can't cage it. Can't contain it in any fashion. Because hope, like everything that lives in the wild, dies if it's not given the space to thrive. [Rose Yates]”
“I want to make this point: it’s not that things aren’t scary. They are, and they will continue to be. But each of us has to come to a deep, personal realization that God has already conquered fear—and by the power of His Spirit we can live completely free from fear.”
“I want to reconcile the violence in your heart. I want to recognize your beauty's not just a mask. I want to exorcise the demons from your past. I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart.”
“I want to share three warnings. First, to stand up for human goodness is to stand up against a hydra–that mythological seven-headed monster that grew back two heads for every one Hercules lopped off. Cynicism works a lot like that. For every misanthropic argument you deflate, two more will pop up in its place. Veneer theory is a zombie that just keeps coming back. Second, to stand up for human goodness is to take a stand against the powers that be. For the powerful, a hopeful view of human nature is downright threatening. Subversive. Seditious. It implies that we’re not selfish beasts that need to be reined in, restrained and regulated. It implies that we need a different kind of leadership. A company with intrinsically motivated employees has no need of managers; a democracy with engaged citizens has no need of career politicians. Third, to stand up for human goodness means weathering a storm of ridicule. You’ll be called naive. Obtuse. Any weakness in your reasoning will be mercilessly exposed. Basically, it’s easier to be a cynic. The pessimistic professor who preaches the doctrine of human depravity can predict anything he wants, for if his prophecies don’t come true now, just wait: failure could always be just around the corner, or else his voice of reason has prevented the worst. The prophets of doom sound oh so profound, whatever they spout. The reasons for hope, by contrast, are always provisional. Nothing has gone wrong–yet. You haven’t been cheated–yet. An idealist can be right her whole life and still be dismissed as naive. This book is intended to change that. Because what seems unreasonable, unrealistic and impossible today can turn out to be inevitable tomorrow. The time has come for a new view of human nature. It’s time for a new realism. It’s time for a new view of humankind.”
“I want to tell you about the most hopeful thing in the world. It is a seed.”
“I want you to realize that your being alive is significant and that there is a reason you are here. Even if you feel lifeless, worthless, or empty right now, God has put life in you because there is something in you that the world is craving. You bring something to the table of life that nobody else brings. You are valuable and loved. And I believe, contrary to how you may feel right now, that the life God has for you is exciting and meant to be lived to its fullest.”
“I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…”
“I wanted it to mean something, something I didn’t know or understand—someone, I hoped.”
“I wanted the past to go away, I wanted to leave it, like another country; I wanted my life to close, and open like a hinge, like a wing, like the part of the song where it falls down over the rocks: an explosion, a discovery; I wanted to hurry into the work of my life; I wanted to know, whoever I was, I was alive for a little while.”
“I wanted to learn. I wanted to do well. I wanted to go to college. I didn’t know where my end lay – or when my end lay. I just knew it lay somewhere lurking to pounce upon me. Maybe it could be as early as sundown, maybe during the exams or maybe in my first year at college. No one knew – no one knew when it lay. I just kept my faith in God high, to someday live my dreams – to someday become an architect and design customary temples, to someday become an architect and do something remarkable. Those were my dreams.”
“I wanted to see the place where Margaret grew to what she is, even at the worst time of all, when I had no hope of ever calling her mine.”
“I wanted, for so long, for someone to understand me better than I understood myself, to take control of me, to save me, to make it all better. I thought that the hardest part of a loving, mutually healing relationship would be showing my vulnerable, raw spots to a person, even though I'd been hurt so many times before. This has not been the hardest part. The actual hardest part has been realizing that no one, no matter how compassionate and kind they are, will say the perfect things always. Myself included. The hardest part has been learning to communicate what I need, to hear what others need, to tell others how to tell me what they need. Intimacy takes a lot of communication. We all have triggers. I don't know your triggers and you don't know mine. No matter how much I love or trust you, you cannot possibly know exactly the words I need to hear, the words I don't want to hear, and the way I like to be touched. And how strange that we expect these things of each other. How strange, and self-sabotaging, that we refuse to get into relationships and friendships with people unless they treat us in just that perfect way. We've been raised to want fairy tales. We've been raised to wait for flawless saviors to rescue us. But the savior isn't flawless and the savior is not coming. The savior is you. The savior is still learning. The savior is never done learning. The savior is a human being. Forget perfect. Forget flawless. And start speaking your truth. Start speaking what you want and how you want it. And start asking and listening, really listening, to what the people around you say. Maybe, then, we will stop abandoning and hurting each other. Maybe, then, there's hope for us.”
“I was in love with everything- I wanted to look with love at the angry people so that their eyes would be forced to respond; and I wanted to bring gifts to the envious and tell them that I am worthless.”
“I was suffering from a profound disease called culture shock and a severe case of homesickness. My brain was exhausted trying to figure out a lifestyle and living standards that everyone took for granted and few bothered to explain.”
“I was surprised to learn that hope is quite different from wishing or fantasizing. Hope leads to future success in a way that wishful thinking does not. While both involve thinking about the future with rich imagery, only hope sparks us to action directed toward the hoped-for goal.”
“I was thoroughly tired, and I didn't exactly lie awake, but I didn't exactly sleep either. As soon as I shut my eyes I could see the river again, only now I seemed to see it up and down its whole length. Where just a little while before people had been breathing and eating and going about their old every lives, now I could see the currents come riding in, at first picking up straws and dead leaves and little sticks, and then boards and pieces of firewood and whole logs, and then maybe the henhouse or the bard or the house itself. As if the mountain had melted and were flowing to the sea, the water rose and filled all the airy spaces of rooms and stalls and fields and woods, carrying away everything that would float, casting up the people and scattering them, scattering or drowning their animals and poultry flocks. The whole world, it seemed, was cast adrift, riding the currents, whirled about in eddies, and the old life submerged and gone, the new not yet come. And I knew that the Spirit that had gone forth to shape the world and make it live was still alive in it. I just had no doubt. I could see that I lived in the created world, and it was still being created. I would be part of it forever. There was no escape. The Spirit that made it was in it, shaping it and reshaping it, sometimes lying at rest, sometimes standing up and shaking itself, like a muddy horse, and letting the pieces fly. I had almost no sooner broke my leash than I had hit the wall.”
“I was waiting For the rapture And glass To shatter In my hair”
“I wear a necklace of hope with pearly beads. When I met you, it broke, and the beads spilled all over the floor, into the gutters.”
“I went to the window and looked out over the mounds of snow, wishing I could do everything in my life once as practice and then go back and do it again.”
“I will always seek to make it summer for you.”
“I will keep praying, because no matter how He answer, I have tasted the goodness of God," she said. "There is no one else I would rather go to with my struggles and celebrations, knowing that he covers me with His love.”
“I will not blink. I will not be intimidated.”
“I wish every decision was made with heartfelt intentions & everyone remained friends even after taking different directions. wish people could get along despite having differing opinions & that couples could maintain a loving connection even after separation.”
“I won't give in to despair while stars are beautiful in the night sky and know we cannot leave here while it is always midnight, and there is only that hope that we grasped and pulled down from these skies. Here where it is midnight we cling to the play of children lining up little tiny drops of joy, small shimmers we hap to wish upon for two blooms in spring, three sparrows to sing to me, and four kisses in the sudden flash of summer.”
“I wonder if it's like this for mountain climbers, he thought. You climb bigger and bigger mountains and you know that one day one of them is going to be just that bit too steep. But you go on doing it, because it’s so-o good when you breathe the air up there. And you know you'll die falling.”
“I wonder if there might not be another idea of human order than repression, another notion of human virtue than self-control, another kind of human self than one based on dissociation of inside and outside. Or indeed, another human essence than self.”
“I wondered: what happens when a hundred thousand people memorize the same poem? Does anything change?”
“I would fight every angel between us until God said, "Yes.”
“I would like [my readers] to better understand human beings and human life as a result of having read [my] stories. I'd like them to feel that this was an experience that made things better for them and an experience that gave them hope. I think that the kind of things that we talk about at this conference -- fantasy very much so, science fiction, and even horror -- the message that we're sending is the reverse of the message sent by what is called "realistic fiction." (I happen to think that realistic fiction is not, in fact, realistic, but that's a side issue.) And what we are saying is that it doesn't have to be like this: things can be different. Our society can be changed. Maybe it's worse, maybe it's better. Maybe it's a higher civilization, maybe it's a barbaric civilization. But it doesn't have to be the way it is now. Things can change. And we're also saying things can change for you in your life. Look at the difference between Severian the apprentice and Severian the Autarch [in The Book of the New Sun], for example. The difference beteween Silk as an augur and Silk as calde [in The Book of the Long Sun]. You see? We don't always have to be this. There can be something else. We can stop doing the thing that we're doing. Moms Mabley had a great line in some movie or other -- she said, "You keep on doing what you been doing and you're gonna keep on gettin' what you been gettin'." And we don't have to keep on doing what we've been doing. We can do something else if we don't like what we're gettin'. I think a lot of the purpose of fiction ought to be to tell people that.”
“I would much prefer to see endings as the womb within which beginnings are born.”
“I would rather my descendants have greater abilities and a greater knowledge of the love of Christ than I do, much like standing on one's shoulders in order to get a clearer view of the valley.”
“I would rather not know what light is, rather than have it and then lose it. For then the darkness that it momentarily lit becomes insufferably darker. But I must remember that God is the light that never goes out in a world where darkness will.”
“I'll be singing hymns to the rafters, be praising His goodness so loud they're going to have to turn down the volume in Heaven.”
“I'll look to the cross As my failure is lost In the light of Your glorious grace”
“I'm a writer and this is what I do no matter what name we put to it. Year by year, the world is turning into a darker and stranger place than any of us could want. This is the only thing I do that has potential to shine a little further than my immediate surroundings. For me, each story is a little candle held up to the dark of night, trying to illuminate the hope for a better world where we all respect and care for each other.”
“I'm beginning to think that to hope isn't the same as to expect something. To hope is to believe that life is an acceptable chaos.”
“I'm depressed because the people I love are dead. I don't think my deafness has anything to do with that.”
“I'm inspired by the people I meet in my travels--hearing their stories, seeing the hardships they overcome, their fundamental optimism and decency. I'm inspired by the love people have for their children. And I'm inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart. They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better. And they make me want to be a better man.”
“I'm not singing for the future I'm not dreaming of the past I'm not talking of the fist time I never think about the last”
“I'm only running forward, lighting up the dark within”
“I'm pretty much looking for beauty all the time. It just seems like some days the light is better to see it.”
“I'm really hoping he’s being genuine because I can already tell he isn't the kind of guy a girl gets a simple crush on. He’s the kind of guy you fall hard for, and the thought of that terrifies me. I don’t really want to fall hard for anyone at all, especially someone who’s only making an effort because he thinks I'm easy. I also don’t want to fall for someone who has already branded himself hopeless. But I'm curious. So curious.”
“I'm that girl Rune. The one who waits out the storm simply to catch a glimpse of a rainbow. Why be miserable when you can be happy? It's an obvious choice to me.”
“I've believed that before. Somehow, I can't  I can't keep clinging to fringes of hope.”
“I, as much as anyone, knew that hope is what feeds us. It's the currency of mankind. The fuel of the soul. Without it, we wither and die. [Murphy Shepherd]”
“I, for instance, discovered little moments of happiness, or humor, within despair. I realized things weren't always one thing or another thing. It was sometimes both. And as soon as we notice all that space inside us, we have a new perspective. Yes, there is room for a lot of pain but there is room for other things too.”
“IF LOVE LOVES, THERE IS NO WORLD NOR WORD. ALL IS LOST SAVE THOUGHT OF LOVE AND PLACE TO DREAM.”
“IMAGINE LIVING IN FULL COLOR RATHER THAN THE STALE BLACK AND WHITE.”
“IT IS BY CHOICE AND NOT BY CHANCES THAT WE CHANGE OUR CIRCUMSTANCES.”
“IT’S NOT STRESS THAT IS THE CHALLENGE. IT IS OUR REACTION TO IT.”
“If God built the ship, lifeboats are unnecessary. However, if men built the ship lifeboats are also unnecessary simply because none of them will float any better than the ship.”
“If God created shadows it was to better emphasise the light.”
“If He could weave the tapestry of time, if He could predetermine each person’s path, He could hold her safe and fast in the storm. Tears burned Zinnia’s eyes. In the breaking, in the pain, in the questions, He never left her.”
“If I can’t get your love, time, money, hope, and positivity, don’t thrash me with your desperation, anxiety, negativity, criticism, or unsolicited advice. ”
“If I didn’t do this one thing, I’d never do anything at all.”
“If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.”
“If I put my imagination on a leash what I’ve really done is to put a noose around its neck.”
“If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same.”
“If I’d learned anything over the past few weeks, it was that talking about your loved ones kept them alive, and I needed that. I was certain Jax needed that, too.”
“If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?”
“If a color could deliver hope, does it follow that it could also bring despair?”
“If a majestic tree has to fall, may it be so a family or two has a place to eat. Precious are resources.”
“If a majestic tree has to fall, may it be so a family or two has a place to eat. Resources are precious.”
“If am hurt evergreen mother earth hug my balance that I am carried like the waters and trees of calm ~”
“If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.”
“If ever I was running, it was towards you.”
“If hope were a pair of wings, Evangeline's were stretching out behind her, eager to take flight again.”
“If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.”
“If justice takes place, there may be hope, even in the face of a seemingly capricious divinity. ”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“If one were to ask if Linus Baker was lonely, he would have scrunched up his face in surprise. The thought would be foreign, almost shocking. And though the smallest of lies hurt his head and made his stomach twist, there was a chance he would still say no, even though he was, and almost desperately so. And maybe part of him would believe it. He'd accepted long ago that some people, no matter how good their heart was or how much love they had to give, would always be alone. It was their lot in life, and Linus had figured out, at the age of twenty-seven, that it seemed to be that way for him. Oh, there was no specific event that brought along this line of thinking. It was just that he felt dimmer than others. Like he was faded in a crystal-clear world. He wasn't meant to be seen.”
“If our native country had become lawless, then surely, nothing was ‘wrong’ or ‘corrupt’ about us seeking refuge or citizenship in another country. At least we deserved the right to try.”
“If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.”
“If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away. This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the "creative temperament"--it was an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again. No--Gatsby turned out all right at the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men.”
“If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.”
“If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.”
“If the affluent cannot afford hope, you cannot expect the destitute to pay for desperation.”
“If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because I've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“If the single man plants himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abides, this huge world will come around to him.”
“If the whole world is evil, then the tragedy that befell you is justified," she went on. "That would make it easier for you to accept the deaths of your wife and daughters. But if good people do exist, then, however much you deny it, your life will be unbearable; because fate set a trap for you, and you know you didn't deserve it. It isn't the light you want to recover, it's the certainty that there is only darkness.”
“If there is nothing new under the sun, at least the sun itself is always new, always re-creating itself out of its own inexhaustible fire.”
“If there was one thing Zafira didn't do, it was hope. Hope was as much a disease as love was.”
“If there's only one nation in the sky, shouldn't all passports be valid for it?”
“If there’s hope, then let’s move.”
“If we could summarize all, or almost all, of the New Testament letters, we would not be too far off the mark to say the theme is: “Grow up!” Just grow up.”
“If we look at all the amazing things people have created throughout history, they were all considered impossible by the status quo at some point in their development.”
“If we want a better world, we must never cease to think about what kind of world we want  and we must not be afraid to do whatever it takes to make the world the way it should be. It is not enough just to talk. We must act!”
“If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.”
“If you are an entrepreneur you have the potential to change the lives of millions and you must not forget it forever”
“If you are seeking, seek us with joy For we live in the kingdom of joy. Do not give your heart to anything else But to the love of those who are clear joy, Do not stray into the neighborhood of despair. For there are hopes: they are real, they exist – Do not go in the direction of darkness – I tell you: suns exist.”
“If you believe you belong in a certain space, you will likely become what is expected of you. But with one touch of hope, your life can be changed.”
“If you can dream a dream, you have begun fashioning a template for a greater reality. And at this point, the greatest dream may be believing in that reality.”
“If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even if you can't get together with that person.”
“If you can say the word: good. Guess what? That means that you are still alive, that means that you are still breathing. And if you are still breathing  well now  you still got some fight left in you”
“If you can trust God with the cosmos, then you can trust God with your life.”
“If you continue to think the way you thought, you will never break free, and you will end up distraught”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“If you fall in love and then break up, it can leave you in an addictive cycle of obsessive thinking, craving, and emotional upheaval. But there’s hope–there are skills you can learn and use to help let go of your ex and create your next great life adventure.”
“If you follow the will of God, you know that in spite of all the terrible things that happen to you, you will never lose a final refuge. You know that the foundation of the world is love, so that even when no human being can or will help you, you may go on, trusting in the One that loves you.”
“If you follow your dream and never lose hope, the magic will always come to you.”
“If you had hope, maybe you could find a way to make things change,. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another name?”
“If you have faith, trusting God with all your heart, that’s what makes you a hero.”
“If you haven't heard what's happening with seeds, let me tell you. They're disappearing, about like every damn thing else. You know the story already, you know it better than I do, the forests and the songbirds, the Appalachian Mountains, the fish in the ocean. But I'm not going to talk about anything that makes us feel hopeless, or despairing, because there's no despair in a seed. There's only life, waiting for the right conditions--sun and water, warmth and soil--to be set free. Every day millions upon millions of seeds lift their two green wings.”
“If you healthy, you must have hope.”
“If you hit bottom, there's a whole lot of people here to help you up”
“If you let what you believe about yourself—and what other people believe about you—define your life, that would be a tragedy. You’ll never find out what you’re capable of. But your life can change the world when you start believing good things for yourself.”
“If you lose all hope, you can always find it again.”
“If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all. And so today I still have a dream.”
“If you plant the seed, the motivation will grow”
“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
“If you search for God you will find him and He will not give up on you".”
“If you see the world and yourself through a lens smudged by negativity then you’ll find much misery. If you look outwards and inwards through lens brightened by positivity you’ll find much to be happy and appreciative about.”
“If you set a goal to make someone’s day every day, I think you will be surprised at how much better your days—and your life—will be. By choosing to help others and make them smile, you will end up being the one with the biggest smile. Giving really is better than getting.”
“If you take a neuroscientific approach to rewiring your brain, then it requires you to stop remembering, retelling, reiterating, and maybe even repeating the past. It demands that you remember something new.”
“If you want a good thing to happen, you must try to believe that it will happen, or else you will make it less likely.”
“If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.”
“If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you.”
“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
“If you're patient, the universe has a way of balancing things out. Trust the process.”
“If you're reading this  Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“If your dream is real, it will lay outside of your reach. But that’s what you have legs for.”
“If your faith ends when discomfort begins, you never had faith to begin with.”
“Imagine a man who doesn't believe in anything, hope for anything, doesn't love anyone. This is a description of a dead or paralyzed soul. This happens from great grief, or from an unhappy upbringing when parents make from their children's souls paralytics.”
“Imagine that you are more than nothing. Evil made you, but you are no more evil than a child unborn. If you want, if you seek, if you hope, who is to say that your hope might not be answered?”
“Impending doom, it was a familiar sweater, we all wore it and as scratchy as it felt against our skin, we kept it on.”
“In Christ, hope and healing are found”
“In Christian counseling, we acknowledge that brokenness does not define us but serves as a canvas for God's redemption to shine through.”
“In Plain Sight by Stewart Stafford How can I show the real me? My voice breaking as I speak, Parched hope's cracked lips, Delphic in this solitary chic. Vitriol cannot reach my shore, The purge reveals little to hide, Or does rage fester within me? A cannibal cheerleader inside. No father around guiding me, Burnt by mother's acid divide, Cataracts of persona non grata, A transient hat tipped in a lie. © Stewart Stafford, 2022. All rights reserved.”
“In a feast of fame and talks, Scandal flashing, raising tongue and brows. In a blast of bombing and power play, Fear and death dig more revenge. In a forgotten continent, Famine and drought devour lives. In an unfortunate eye of a rebelling weather, Crashing homes, leaving many in devastation and desperation. In a country shaking with violence, Innocent victims cry for justice and peace. In a home shaking with turmoil, Humble patient, hiding voice wants to be heard. In a tick of a second, A new breathe of life beats! To belong in this world. Constantly changing, decaying or improving? In a snap of innovation: Life goes big leap! Regression somewhere unseen, But felt in a slow, long run.”
“In a serener Bright, In a more golden light I see Each little doubt and fear, Each little discord here Removed.”
“In a time of destruction, create something.”
“In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope. In a world filled with anger, we must still dare to comfort. In a world filled with despair, we must still dare to dream. And in a world filled with distrust, we must still dare to believe.”
“In a world plagued with commonplace tragedies, only one thing exists that truly has the power to save lives, and that is love.”
“In a world where morality seems to be turned upside-down and righteousness turned inside-out, we have one hope: God.”
“In all my wanderings through this world of care, In all my griefs -- and God has given my share -- I still had hopes, my latest hours to crown, Amidst these humble bowers to lay me down; To husband out life's taper at the close, And keep the flame from wasting, by repose: I still had hopes, for pride attends us still, Amidst the swains to show my book-learn'd skill, Around my fire an evening group to draw, And tell of all I felt, and all I saw; And, as a hare, whom hounds and horns pursue, Pants to the place from whence at first she flew, I still had hopes, my long vexations past, Here to return -- and die at home at last.”
“In an age of hope men looked up at the night sky and saw “the heavens." In an age of hopelessness they call it simply “space.”
“In any difficulty, do not lose hope.”
“In any situation, as long as you have life, there is still hope.”
“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
“In closing, I hope everything helps show that I wouldn’t be a fade-out or a person who turns to think to drink or dope when things get tough. I believe that anything is possible if you have the combination of love for what you’re doing and the will to sit down and not get up until it’s done….”
“In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”
“In honor of Oprah Winfrey: Even greater than the ability to inspire others with hope is the power to motivate them to give as much to the lives of others as they would give to their own; and to empower them to confront the worst in themselves in order to discover and claim the best in themselves.”
“In its fusion of positive and negative, of ignorance on the way to further knowledge, wonder reveals itself as having the same structure as hope, the same architecture as hope--the structure that characterizes philosophy and, indeed, human existence itself. We are essentially viatores, on the way, beings who are "not yet." Who could claim to possess the being intended for him? "We are not," says Pascal, "we hope to be." And it is because the structure of wonder is that of hope that it is so essentially human and so essential to a human existence.”
“In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clinched fist none.”
“In life there are good and bad situations. But when you are down in the valley looking up at the mountain, sometimes you realize that you can see the stars a little clearer. You realize what's truly important and you know exactly what must be done to keep it just like it is.”
“In love with Tawang. I still am. I’ve clung on to every bit of its wonder within the snow globe of my memory, whilst an instrumental piece of music plays in the background. It was a CD that my father played often in his room at the barracks. I had read somewhere that every memory has a soundtrack of its own. ’Tis true! Th at piece of instrumental music and Tawang are inextricably entwined in my head.”
“In more than thirty years of research, Aaron Beck and his colleagues have established that experiences of hopelessness are strongly and specifically related to suicidality.”
“In my journey through the ever-changing seasons of life, I have learnt that winter is inevitably followed by a gorgeous spring and every spell of rain gives way to brilliant sunshine. What’s more, I have learnt that winter snow and drenching showers can be beautiful too. We just need the right eyes to look at them.”
“In my own life, as winters turn into spring, I find it not only hard to cope with mud but also hard to credit the small harbingers of larger life to come, hard to hope until the outcome is secure. Spring teaches me to look more carefully for the green stems of possibility; for the intuitive hunch that may turn into a larger insight, for the glance or touch that may thaw a frozen relationship, for the stranger's act of kindness that makes the world seem hospitable again.”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. Keep the faith.”
“In some not too distant tomorrow the radiant stars of love and brotherhood will shine over our great nation with all their scintillating beauty. ”
“In the Cross is salvation; in the Cross is life; in the Cross is protection against our enemies; in the Cross is infusion of heavenly sweetness; in the Cross is strength of mind; in the Cross is joy of spirit; in the Cross is excellence of virtue; in the Cross is perfection of holiness. There is no salvation of soul, nor hope of eternal life, save in the Cross.”
“In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.”
“In the face of pain, and hurt, and wistful trepidation; I choose love, and love, and love.”
“In the few days Seeker had been away, Hope had grown from abused girl to aristocratic young woman. It was in every line as she tilted her head to the side, listening to laughter floating down the sweeping stairwell-in the calluses on her fingertips and the smile at the edge of her eyes.”
“In the future, as in the present, as in the past, black people will build many new worlds. This is true. I will make it so. And you will help me.”
“In the greatest darkness, the light endures.”
“In the meantime, I’ll wish it upon a star.'- Michael Cooper”
“In the middle of the night, there is always less hope; in the dawn of the morning, there is always more hope!”
“In the midst of her tears came the thought, "When people are in danger, they ask God to save them;" and, slipping down upon her knees, she said her prayer as she had never said it before, for when human help seems gone we turn to Him as naturally as lost children cry to their father, and feel sure that he will hear and answer them.”
“In the midst of winter, I find within me the invisible summer ”
“In the solitary farmhouse of the hills there was a great joy in life, much tenderness, and much hope.”
“In the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.”
“In their hearts, they know that we are all created equal in the eyes of God and the universe. Whoever thinks otherwise will never be happy.”
“In these downbeat times, we need as much hope and courage as we do vision and analysis; we must accent the best of each other even as we point out the vicious effects of our racial divide and pernicious consequences of our maldistribution of wealth and power. We simply cannot enter the twenty-first century at each other's throats, even as we acknowledge the weighty forces of racism, patriarchy, economic inequality, homophobia, and ecological abuse on our necks. We are at a crucial crossroad in the history of this nation--and we either hang together by combating these forces that divide and degrade us or we hang separately. Do we have the intelligence, humor, imagination, courage, tolerance, love, respect, and will to meet the challenge? Time will tell. None of us alone can save the nation or world. But each of us can make a positive difference if we commit ourselves to do so.”
“In these times I don't, in a manner of speaking, know what I want; perhaps I don't want what I know and want what I don't know.”
“In this Study Guide, I hope this book will encourage you to ponder, reflect, and inspire you to enhance your prayer life. I want you to become an effective prayer warrior for God. Whether you use this guide alone, in a group setting, or maybe as a gift to encourage someone else”
“In this season of growing darkness, I wonder how we as Christians choose to publicize the miracle we proclaim. If it is not leading to greater illumination—to a greater light—we might want to rethink how we’re doing it. How can we name the miracle, not as a simple fix, but as an abiding truth?”
“In those eyes, you’ll see what I see, There’s so much calmness, There’s so much vastness, There’s so much mess, There’s so much clarity, I find myself roaming around, I find myself losing, Yet those eyes never look away, I gaze and gaze at ease, Lost in their mesmerizing tease.”
“In times of emergency, the holy angels provides divine aid.”
“In tough and desperate times when your creativity begs to be birthed, loose the confines of the ground; stand up in your faith and walk atop the waves…”
“In what world To live? What love To give? Is it worthy? Or will it break My heart? Everyone Seems to be Secretly evil And to try To disguise The truth With lies; It’s disappointing But still I see Something different In you; I find hope And I fall In love”
“In you, heaven and earth touch.”
“In your heart, you will always be African, but in America you are a Black American. It is possible and desirable to be both.”
“Inej,” Wylan called from one of the rolling bins. “These are our clothes.” He reached in and, one after the other, pulled out Inej’s little leather slippers. Her face broke into a dazzling smile. Finally, a bit of luck. Kaz didn’t have his cane. Jesper didn’t have his guns. And Inej didn’t have her knives. But at least she had those magic slippers. “What do you say, Wraith? Can you make the climb?” “I can.” Jesper took the shoes from Wylan. “If I didn’t think these might be crawling with disease, I would kiss them and then you.”
“Infinite possibilities stared at my as I began dreaming about April showers and May flowers.”
“Instead of being encouraged to feel completely protected, loved, honored, and respected by the Divine Force, you've been taught that you're being judged. Because you've been taught that, you feel guilt and fear. But guilt and fear do not open you connection to the Divine; they only serve to close your heart. The reality is that God's way is love, and you can see this for yourself.”
“Integrity, America. You lack integrity. The degree of distance between how we want to see ourselves and how we are is enormous. Integrity. Individually and as a people. We lack integrity. As an individual, I have long known that the only hope for integrity is not only the effort expended to live up to our word, but the willingness to own how and where we have not, and to hold ourselves accountable for the consequences of that.”
“Is it folly to believe in something that is intangible? After all, some of the greatest intangibles are Love, Hope, and Wonder. Another is Deity. The choice to be a fool is yours.”
“Is it wrong to dream of sunsets in the rain?”
“Is not Hope the other name of Expectation? Perhaps the only difference is that it is not the Expectation from something or someone but from the One who makes Everything and Everyone. And that, that very difference makes all the Difference in the World.”
“Is there a chance? A fragment of light at the end of the tunnel? A reason to fight? Is there a chance you may change your mind? Or are we ashes and wine?”
“Is there more to see?" Brixton asks. "No. Just a long walk back to hope.”
“It all counts,' Adam said again. 'And the bottom line is, what defines you isn't how many times you crash, but the number of times you get back on the bike. As long as it's one more, you're all good.-pg 325 Along for the Ride”
“It can be brave to hate. Sometimes it’s like hope.”
“It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.”
“It does not count if you believe in yourself when it’s easy to believe in yourself. It does not count if you believe the world can be a better place when the future looks bright. It does not count if you think you’re going to make it when the finish line is right in front of you. It counts when it’s hard to believe in yourself, when it looks like the world’s going to end and you’ve still got a long way to go. That’s when it counts. That’s when it matters the most.”
“It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.”
“It felt like I'd been living underground, and for a moment, I'd been given this glimpse of the sky. Once you've seen that, how can you go back where you came from?”
“It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been given me…”
“It is a common trick of Nature – and a profoundly significant one – that, just when despair is deepest, she waves a wand before the weary eyes and does her best to waken an impossible hope.”
“It is a world of disappointment: often to the hopes we most cherish, and hopes that do our nature the greatest honour.”
“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
“It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.”
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light -Aristotle”
“It is enough to be oneself, do what we can, like what we instinctively like, reach for what is within our grasp, and practice what is within our hearts. There are always many behind us and many before us. To look either way too much will only make us proud or hopeless. We are who we are. That is enough, and God asks nothing more.”
“It is hard to explain the savagery of hope.”
“It is hope--with regard to our careers, our love lives, our children, our politicians, and our planet--that is primarily to blame for angering and embittering us. The incompatibility between the grandeur of our aspirations and the mean reality of our condition generates the violent disappointments which rack our days and etch themselves in lines of acrimony across our faces.”
“It is ignorance that is at times incomprehensible to the wise; for instance, he may not see 'the positive person' or 'the negative person' in such a black and white way as many people do. A wise man may not understand it because, as a catalyst of wisdom, but not always wise in his own eyes, even he can learn from and give back to fools. To think that an individual has absolutely nothing to offer to the table is counter-intuitively what the wise man considers to be 'the ignorance of hopelessness'.”
“It is important to take action and to realize that we Can make a difference, and this will encourage others to take action and then we realize we are not alone and our cumulative actions truly make an even greater difference. This is how we spread the Light. And this, of course, makes us all even more hopeful.”
“It is joyful to see someone who is hopeful in a situation that is hopeless.”
“It is not about forgetting but about not letting the past define you. It is about learning from it and embracing its role as your lifetime teacher.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.”
“It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars.”
“It is okay to not know everything. It is okay to be wrong. We learn, grow, and develop from our mistakes. They become building blocks for success defined by character, humility, honesty, perseverance, integrity, hope, and most of all faith.”
“It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.”
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
“It is really wonderful how much resilience there is in human nature. Let any obstructing cause, no matter what, be removed in any way, even by death, and we fly back to first principles of hope and enjoyment.”
“It is said that there are only three things you need to be truly happy in this world: the people you love, the things you do, and the things you hope for. What if that something you do is to hope for the happiness of the person you love?”
“It is something amazing God did for you and for me.”
“It is strange  the reasons one feels he doesn't deserve things.”
“It is stupid to hope, but sometimes hope is all you have.”
“It is the duty of the fortunate to help those who are suffering and that it is better to give than to receive. There are always miracles in the world, even when all seems hopeless. When there are no miracles, you can make them happen. With a simple act of kindness you can save another person from despair and that may just save their life. And this is the greatest miracle of all.”
“It is the privilege of the rich To waste the time of the poor To water with tears in secret A tree that grows in secret That bears fruit in secret That ripened falls to the ground in secret And manures the parent tree Oh the wicked tree of hatred and the secret The sap rising and the tears falling.”
“It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.”
“It isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is. It all works out. Don't worry. I say that to myself every morning. It all works out in the end. Put your trust in God, and move forward with faith and confidence in the future. The Lord will not forsake us. He will not forsake us. If we will put our trust in Him, if we will pray to Him, if we will live worthy of His blessings, He will hear our prayers.”
“It isn’t true, is it, Daniel, that music can tame the beasts? Yet, in the end, a song lives.”
“It seemed that her prospects were bleak but often when things are at their most desperate they become progressively worse leading to a spiral of despair that ends in inevitable destruction.”
“It sounded like walls tumbling, liberty bells chiming, government buildings being stormed. It sounded like a revolution. It sounded like hope.”
“It sounds true as she says it, as certain as science. You can't always distinguish between reason and hope.”
“It took more than science to make hope real.”
“It was a time of hope – a time to shine. The best moment of my life awaited me, with the most loved person calling me to meet her. It was spring in November – it was a blossom in desolation. It was the month of my exams – and exams led to glory. It was the last few days with the best of friends before departing to chase our own dreams. It was the season of jackets and sweaters. And those meant warmth and protection and love. And I stood, with an evening of November promising to be something truly special.”
“It was a truth that didn't feel anything like safety. It felt better than safety. It felt like gunpowder at her back, driving her toward a fight that needed winning. Keep fighting. It will be hard, and it will be awful, and it will be worth it. Don't give up, even when it feels like dying. Don't give up. This is only the beginning.”
“It was as if the rain clouds had reached as far as they could. The gray darkness gave way to a bright and wonderful blue like Linus had never seen before. The rain stopped as they passed out of the storm and into the sun. He closed his eyes briefly, feeling the warmth through the glass against his face. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt sunlight.”
“It was for him that I searched in every whisper of speech I heard, in every gentle touch, in every small glimpse of a face. It was for just one more glimmer of him, one more of his words passing like fine silk through the ring of my mind, one more sweetly bitter kiss searing my lips like fresh ginger.”
“It was just like him, she thought; with him, a happy ending was always a foregone conclusion. But such was the power of his faith that when she was with him; she found herself believing in happy endings, too.”
“It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.”
“It was one thing to hope, but you had to take care of yourself in the present, or you wouldn't survive.”
“It was strange how he’d made a 180-degree change. Not sure what to make of that curly, bigheaded, bozo yet, she thought, other than fruitcake nuts! “Blah, I’m not sure about your other big brother,” Savanna said, wiggling her nose upward. “I’d rather not chat about him. Do you come to the museum often?” she asked, quickly changing the topic. “I love unusual old history,” she divulged.”
“It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.”
“It was the only chance, the only slender hope left to them, and he was going to cling to it until forced to let go”
“It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.”
“It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would come. In the present, not the past.”
“It will get easier each time, I think. I hope. I just have to keep trying.”
“It would still be a long way until she was completely free, but the door had been cracked open and a smidgen of hope broke through the darkness.”
“It's Harvest Time. Jewish New Year. Back to School. The new theatrical season. These are September to me. Apples and honey, sharpened pencils and the sounds of warm-ups, voices and bodies getting going. Hope and promise and things re-newed.”
“It's a beautifully beautiful day. A moment to reflect on the beautiful truth that a heart is like a garden. With Roses of Happiness, there would be thorns of pain, with Sunflowers of Joy, there would be weeds of dismay, with colours of Sunshine there would be covers of cloud, after all that's what makes a beautiful garden, a garden that thrives and breathes in all seasons with every hue of Life, every emotion that makes our heart alive in tears and smiles, feeling all the numbness of Life yet warming up to the possibility of a new day as the fallen leaves make way for the new ones, as the bee hums along a bud to see a blossoming rose no matter the thorns, no matter the waves of Life. It is a beautifully beautiful day, and I am happy to be alive. Alive to the possibility of a new day, a tomorrow where a whole new garden of new experiences awaits. To the Hope of Spring. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“It's a very cheery thing to come into London by any of these lines which run high and allow you to look down upon the houses like this." I thought he was joking, for the view was sordid enough, but he soon explained himself. "Look at those big, isolated clumps of buildings rising up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-coloured sea." "The board-schools." "Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wiser, better England of the future.”
“It's always been vital, but now it is dire, Our country--democracy--might just expire. I used to say I didn't care who you choose But these times aren't normal: THE RED SLATE MUST LOSE! We each have one vote. It's a vote we must make. Not just for us all, for democracy's sake.”
“It's always like this, people I know read many books and save every dream, with all of their hope buried inside, somewhere.”
“It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.”
“It's better to wake up than fall back asleep in a town with no dreams.”
“It's by recognizing our flaws that we can strengthen them, recognizing where flowers came from that we can hope not to burn down the only home we ever knew.”
“It's difficult in times like these: ideals, dreams and cherished hopes rise within us, only to be crushed by grim reality. It's a wonder I haven't abandoned all my ideals, they seem so absurd and impractical. Yet I cling to them because I still believe, in spite of everything, that people are truly good at heart.”
“It's easy to give up, and that's the one thing we cannot do. That's what gives me a reason for working: to leave people with a little more courage, with a little hope that has been nourished. Even if, of course, it's going to disappear, whatever touches one isn't lost forever.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“It's going to be all right, sir," Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore's silence than he had been by his weakened voice. "We're nearly there   I can Apparate us both back   don't worry  " "I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.”
“It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”
“It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.”
“It's hopeless," he went on. "We no longer have the learning of the ancients, the age of giants is past!" "We are dwarfs," William admitted, "but dwarfs who stand on the shoulders of those giants, and small though we are, we sometimes manage to see farther on the horizon than they.”
“It's hopeless. I know that, but I never really get it. I go right on. I think to myself: I was wrong about the last one, but I'll try harder to be right about the next one.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“It's just that, right now, I want to hear you promise me that if we do run out of time and I go mad, like Miranda, it ends with me. The curse ends here, because our baby will be safe. You will make that happen. Isn't that so?" It took him a minute. "Yes," he said finnally. "It's so. Although, if we're just going to talk about the baby, I can think of an easier way to save her." Oh? What?" I'd just lock her up from her sixteenth birthday on." Lucy didn't laugh. "Don't think I haven't thought of that too, love. but here's the thing. That parents try that in all the fairy tales. It never works.”
“It's lonely to say goodbye. Very lonely. Please. Cry with me. Maybe there's nothing we can do about this. But at least, for now cry with me. Like your entire body is screaming at the sky. Like it's raging against the world. I lost something. And I don't have a single guarantee. The fear of living in this world again after that I have only a shred of hope to sustain me. So I want you at least to cry. Cry. Cry with me. Like the day you were first born into this world.”
“It's not so much time is circular as time confuses memory with hope and fear which often looks like the future”
“It's not that we had no heart or eyes for pain. We were all afraid. We all had our miseries. But to despair was to wish for something already lost. Or to prolong what was already unbearable What was worse, to sit and wait for our own deaths with proper somber faces? Or to choose our own happiness? "So we decided to hold parties and pretend each week had become the new year. Each week we could forget past wrongs done to us. We weren't allowed to think a bad thought. We feasted, we laughed, we played games, lost and won, we told the best stories. And each week we could hope to be lucky. That hope was our only joy. And that's how we came to call our little parties Joy Luck.”
“It's okay. You're going to save me, Miss Maylene." The girl gave her a genuine look of happiness. "I know it. I knew if I found you everything would be okay.”
“It's old, very old I think. Made up long ago in our hills. What my music teacher calls a mountain air. But the words are easy and soothing, promising tomorrow will be more hopeful than this awful piece of time we call today.”
“It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.”
“It's strange isn't it? Everything is blowing up around us, but there are still those who care about a broken lock, & others who are dutiful enough to try to fix it  But maybe that's the way it should be. Maybe working on the little things as dutifully & honestly as we can is how we stay sane when the world is falling apart.”
“It's the blurr that makes you strive for clear vision.”
“It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.”
“It's the cold and dead who don't suffer. The living are bound to suffer, for it's through the suffering that healing comes, it's through the suffering that character comes.”
“It's the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee.”
“It's the smell of him in the bathroom, all I need to get ready for the day. Watching him get dressed, and the sound in the kitchen; a slow hum of a song and his movements, picking things to eat. The way I could observe him, for hours, just go on with his day – or as he sleeps – simply breathing in and out, in and out, and it's like the hymn that sings me to peace. I know the world is still out there and I know I'm not yet friendly to its pace, but as long as I know him with me, here, there, somewhere – us – I know I have a chance.”
“It's true I live on hope. Why shouldn't I? Every day I see her beauty while you rot in hell. You will tell me that I'm deluded but we are all deluded in some way. The question is which is the best delusion.”
“It's unwise to make plans based on hope. In business, prudence is greater than hope and strategy is greater than wishing. Be ambitious, make your affirmations, and have faith - but also be prudent and practical.”
“It's when we live in reality, that we're really living in hope.”
“Its dark and I’m reading my scars because our moments remind me of where I should be.”
“Its like a dream  its like a painting. I want heaven to look exactly like this.”
“Its now time to dig out your courage and learn to nourish so you can truly unfold and fully flourish”
“Its time to cultivate that seed and to control that need.”
“It’s a truth I love you, It’s a hope you do, And may I live and die with it, Not knowing that you don’t.”
“It’s amazing how easily the youth forget the Holodomor. Soviets not only starved us to death, but enjoyed every second of the suffering they inflicted. You’re an idealist, Jan, and idealism feels nice to live by, but all it does for you is drop you in a grave thinking the guy who put you there isn’t so bad.”
“It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”
“It’s like freedom is… suffocating. Too much room, yet not enough. Like a… large space separating me from walls covered with doors. In my hands are heaps of keys I can barely hold, and I have no clue which door requires which key.”
“It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.”
“It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.”
“It’s so easy to lose faith and become lost in all of the politics of the world. That’s why we need the arts. To sublimate our frustration and anger into something beautiful. Freud called sublimation a virtuous defence mechanism because it is in the arts that we can find our humanity.”
“It’s the poet we love in Caeiro, not the philosopher. What we really get from these poems is a childlike sense of life, with all the direct materiality of the child’s mind, and all the vital spirituality of hope and increase that exist in the body and soul of nescient childhood. Caeiro’s work is a dawn that wakes us up and quickens us; a more that material, more than anti-spiritual dawn. It’s an abstract effect, pure vacuum, nothingness.”
“It’s the war between what’s the right thing to do and what you feel is right? It’s the battle between who you were and now where you’re headed It’s the leap of faith that you need to take to get through the rough paths, It’s the fear that you need to leave behind to do the daring things, And you stay stuck wondering, What to do? Where to go? Why does life get challenging? Would I be ever able to make it? Queries eat you up alive, Answers seem not to care, And at that moment, miracles happen out of nowhere, Just open your eyes and see the turned tables, You're given a reward after being tested.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“It’s truly an illusion is so wildly amusing. That the difference between me and you. Inside this room. Is simply a point of view.”
“Ivy grins. “You want me to spy on my mother? I thought you’d never ask.”
“Ivy shrugs. “Poisoning is the Marauders’ way. No offense, but feel free to take some.”
“I’ll admit that my garden now grows hope in lavish profusion, leaving little room for anything else. I suppose it has squeezed out more practical plants like caution and common sense. Still, though, hope does not flourish in every garden, and I feel thankful it has taken root in mine.”
“I’ll make a swing so I can reach the places I can’t reach yet.”
“I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.”
“I’m here not because I am supposed to be here, or because I’m trapped here, but because I’d rather be with you than anywhere else in the world.”
“I’m interested in becoming a stronger person. To do that, I know I will have to persevere through situations that might tempt me to give up. But I know God will give me the grace and courage I need to deal with things that are hard, and let’s face it: life does get hard sometimes. The world is full of haters and disappointments and mistakes, but we do not have to let those things keep us from reaching our potential. Sometimes people say or do mean things to us, and sometimes circumstances just don’t go our way, but we have to push those things aside and keep moving forward.”
“I’m not saying we’ll live to see some sort of paradise. But just fighting for change makes you stronger. Not hoping for anything will kill you for sure.”
“I’m watching the day through a breeze blown slice in my curtains, obscuring nothing but my hour, summer and wind making peace, moving the leaves in the trees standing guard by my window, nervous after my attempts, the sun stroking fronds but leaving others in shadows, seeing the movement of the branches but hearing nothing but the serene sound of cars beyond the garden, limbs waving to me as a bird perches, maybe scouting for a house, onto the bough scratching the glass, knocking to bring me out into contentment while tiny flies shoot in and out of view, their quick existence something I could argue as I smell the fresh air through the dour scent of a depression that hasn’t left my room in days, then swiftly feeling like I’m outside, alive and welcoming the wind to raise the hairs on my arms, a contrast that blossoms into hope.”
“I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.”
“I’ve been saving my thoughts for years, bound by the promise of a vast array of alternatives, only to find out my subservience is doomed to last forever, because my future is being forced to follow a path drawn by them.”
“I’ve frequently found that I can’t deliver myself from the trials that beset me, but I’ve found that I can deliver myself into the hands of God who will beset the trials.”
“I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.”
“I’ve had the whole world at my disposal, The seven wonders for my rehearsal, But that was not enough, It’s tough to describe you.”
“I’ve held on to those memories for the longest; never letting them go because it takes time – sometimes years – to truly understand how a childhood adventure can impact you. When I look back, I marvel at how surreal that day had been. It was the kind of misadventure one had only seen in the movies and in all those stories the protagonists were adults, some of whom did not make it. But we were just children, and this was happening to us. And this was as real as it could get. For years after, numerous existential questions raced through my head: Was God testing us? Were we handpicked for it? Was it preordained? Th en the fog started to lift and I saw it for what it was: a day in the jungle. Also, a day when everything went wrong. I’d read somewhere that adversity does not build character, it reveals it. We were tested, we were pushed to the limits of our physical and emotional endurance. We made it out alive, and it is important that this experience be shared.”
“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
“I’ve mastered the art of silence but this doesn’t mean that their noise doesn’t infuriate me. It does but it cannot deracinate my peace of mind now. To be exact, I still have an active volcano within me but now I can easily neutralize it too and sit all alone for hours, gazing up at the clouds of ashes floating past the moon, listening to the chirping of night birds.”
“I’ve often wondered that if I could go back in time, would I make the same decisions? I think I would. After all, we all make bad decisions and some of them snowball into cataclysms far bigger than we could have imagined and beyond our control. We still make them because they are meant to be made; they are meant to reveal who we are, to aid us in our journeys …”
“I’ve watched the Lord press seeds into the sometimes resistant soil of my heart that I might grow out of myself and become more like Him. Sometimes he does the planting alone in the night, when it’s just Him and me. But usually God uses others to plant and water the hope that I can do exceedingly more through Christ than I ever dreamed.”
“Jacki Kellum writes about the importance of faith in your work, and the serendipity of pitching at #pbpitch. The Donkey's Song is *gorgeous*, and now available for pre-order”
“Jayden laughed grimly. 'Press the attack and hope for the best.' 'Hope is not a strategy,' said Kira 'It's not plan A,' said Jayden, 'and it shouldn't be plan B, but it is every plan C that has ever been made.”
“Jerome says Peter founded the church in Antioch, Syria. If so, January 15–22, AD 34 was probably the time when Peter did it.”
“Jesus died the most brutal kind of death ever devised by man, He was buried in a tomb that He didn’t even own because He didn’t plan on living there anyway, and He did what no one in the entire span of human history has ever done…He reversed His own murder.”
“Joy is but the sign that creative emotion is fulfilling its purpose.”
“Juana, glancing secretly at him, saw him smile. And because they were in some way one thing and one purpose, she smiled with him. And they began this day with hope.”
“Just above our terror, the stars painted this story in perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too often abused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.”
“Just be clear about your question, and I will give you the answer you are looking for.”
“Just because you don’t know the way out doesn’t mean one doesn’t exist.”
“Just hold on to what you're figuring out. It might be hard to remember it all the time, but it's important. So do your best.”
“Just leave the bedroom and live your life!”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“Just when it seemed my mother couldn’t bear one more needle, one more insane orange pill, my sister, in silence, stood at the end of the bed and slowly rubbed her feet, which were scratchy with hard, yellow skin, and dirt cramped beneath the broken nails, which changed nothing in time except the way my mother was lost in it for a while as if with a kind of relief that doesn’t relieve. And then, with her eyes closed, my mother said the one or two words the living have for gratefulness, which is a kind of forgetting, with a sense of what it means to be alive long enough to love someone. Thank you, she said. As for me, I didn’t care how her voice suddenly seemed low and kind, or what failures and triumphs of the body and spirit brought her to that point— just that it sounded like hope, stupid hope.”
“Just ‘cause they’re dead don’t mean they’re gone, nutter.”
“Justice will come when those who hope outweigh those who despair. Hope is a force that cannot be reckoned with, ya Hayaat.”
“Kabir, let me tell you something I learned the hard way. Hoping for small stuff you can control is okay. But pinning your hopes on an other person is usually a waste of time. Especially if that person is someone who needs to be found.”
“Keep a light, hopeful heart. But ­expect the worst.”
“Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.”
“Keep fighting for love.”
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
“Keep your eyes on the future, because that's where the answers are. It's where the hope is.”
“Keep your inner world loving and hopeful and your outside world will begin to reflect exactly that.”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“La vie est vaine, Un peu d’amour, Un peu de haine, Et puis—Bonjour! La vie est brève: Un peu d’espoir, Un peu de rève Et puis—Bon soir! Ah, brief is Life, Love’s short sweet way, With dreamings rife, And then—Good-day! And Life is vain— Hope’s vague delight, Grief’s transient pain, And then—Good-night.”
“Laughter with those that understand us is music for the soul. A hug at the right moment and a kind shoulder to lean on, Is the sprinkle of magic that keeps us walking towards hope.”
“Learn to find solitude in loneliness. Always find beauty in all tears, happiness in sadness, hope in every sad fate and bravery in every fear.”
“Leaving something meaningful for the future generations is what is so incredibly important to Vidials. Leaving the world a little better than when you entered it, and passing on that belief into the younger generation. I want to leave a legacy when I die. Not just for my offspring, but for all of the children here and to come. I want them to be proud of their home, and willing to protect it. I want them to stand firm in their beliefs and fight for what is right.”
“Let it be known that I have found purpose through my multiverse-conquering thoughts. Through this purpose, I have found joy, happiness and fulfillment. Through this purpose, I have found the strength to defect from the absurdist sect of non-believers, nihilists and proverbial wanderers and march bravely into the future with God, love and laughter in mind.”
“Let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler; but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.”
“Let our hopes and aspirations awaken forces which in all time to come shall influence the welfare, the dignity, and the freedom of mankind. - Grover Cleveland”
“Let the Lord your God be your hope – seek for nothing else from him, but let him himself be your hope. There are people who hope from him riches or perishable and transitory honours, in short they hope to get from God things which are not God himself.”
“Let the children have their night of fun and laughter. Let the gifts of Father Christmas delight their play. Let us grown-ups share to the full in their unstinted pleasures before we turn again to the stern task and the formidable years that lie before us, resolved that, by our sacrifice and daring, these same children shall not be robbed of their inheritance or denied their right to live in a free and decent world." Winston Churchill Christmas Eve Message, 1941 as printed in "In the Dark Streets Shineth.”
“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
“Let the ruins come to life In the beauty of Your name Rising up from the ashes God forever You reign”
“Let the soft, gentle magic created through our words and art touch your purple circled eyes. #TranslationsOfHope”
“Let there be room left in your heart for the unimaginable ~ serendipity has a way of showing itself just when you feel like giving up.”
“Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.”
“Let truth be told - women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye. While there's life there's hope is a connviction not so entirely unknown to the "betrayed" as some amiable theorists would have us believe.”
“Let us not become so cautious that we forget to live.”
“Let's make this earth from house to home Safe for every child to roam Full of dreams, hope and love This is what our hearts are made of Let's bring peace to this world No more sadness, hate or hurt Only kindness, compassion, and unity For the sake of all humanity”
“Let's remember why you started reading this guide. You wanted hope for your home. Unfortunately, hope isn't as ambiguous as it sounds. It isn't something that floats around in the sky until it settles on the top of your head. It's something you work for, it's something you discover after you put in some work. And really, that's not unfortunate! Unfortunate things are out of your control.”
“Let’s be fair to each other. When you treat everyone justly, that opens the doorway to positive change. Regardless of the color of your skin, or where you are from, everyone should be treated with fairness and love.”
“Lies built cages and truths create the keys - and yet each of us is locked inside one's own mind.”
“Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.”
“Life didn't come until Ezekiel spoke to the breath." "What does that mean?" Harper hesitated. She had the strangest sensation of breathlessness, like after a long hike into high altitude just before cresting a mountain. "Well, it's resurrection. From the ashes. From the dust. From the dead things. Your problem is, you're looking at the bones instead of breathing." Daddy sighed. "Maybe your dream was never about a shop at all. Maybe there's a second command, Harper Girl. Another place where you're supposed to breathe life." Harper looked down to the blouse in her lap. To the thread and the needle. She thought of Millie's buttons. And then hope---glorious and beautiful hope---filled the landscape of her heart as the sunrise scatters new light over the mountaintops. Of course! Why hadn't she seen it before? All this time, she had been focused on the store. But her gifting, her dream, was so much more than that. Her gifting was repairing the broken places. Mending forgotten tears and weak seams. Breathing life back into the fabrics that told stories, into the buttons that bind them.”
“Life has moments that feel as if the sun has blackened to tar and the entire world turned to ice.  It feels as if Hades and his vile demons have risen from the depths of Tartarus solely for the purpose of banding to personally torture you, and that their genuine intent of mental, emotional, and spiritual anguish is tearing you to shreds.  Your heart weighs as heavily as leaden legs which you would drag yourself forward with if not for the quicksand that pulls you down inch by inch, paralyzing your will and threatening oblivion.  And all the while fire and brimstone pour from the sky, pelting only you. Truly, that is what it feels like. But that feeling is a trial that won't last forever.  Never give up.”
“Life has no guarantee so do your work today instead of relying on tomorrow”
“Life is a crash test.”
“Life is a leap in the dark but faith is the light that will see you through.”
“Life is a precious possession It is what one makes of it. - Charity Duncan”
“Life is about celebrating uniqueness, diversity, and then bringing it all together like the varied colors of a rainbow. Different yet connected.”
“Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Life is not kind. Who are you trying to kid, Kendall?” He sighed.”
“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
“Life is the ultimate demonstration of God’s existence.”
“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”
“Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good.”
“Life isn't just about darkness or light, rather it's about finding light within the darkness.”
“Life must go on, even if it's no joke just pretend to believe in the future.”
“Life should be a daring, loving, laughing adventure — or it is nothing at all. If you don’t start choosing, life and circumstance will choose for you. You can change or stay the same. You can grow or never leave the nest. All of life becomes about our choices. We choose our people, we choose our ways, we choose our thoughts, and we choose how we seize or surrender our days. Every day, every moment, and every thought is about choice. So everyday you must make your choices. Life isn’t ever really about what happens to us, but how we respond to life. My way of life is simple; I want to be the most loving, inspiring, and true man I can be. Everyday, I want to be the man that I truly am. But I am consciously and constantly working on that and my choices. So, instead of choosing fear, I am choosing courage. Instead of choosing pain, I am choosing compassion. Instead of choosing hurt, I am choosing kindness. I choose to forgive more, to laugh more, and to listen more. Even cry more. Because I have learned that the truest act of living is no different from the act of loving — it’s all about what you give, not what you think you’ll receive. And what you should give to your life and love — is everything.”
“Life without dreams is like a stop signboard that will never turn green.”
“Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.”
“Life without thankfulness is devoid of love and passion. Hope without thankfulness is lacking in fine perception. Faith without thankfulness lacks strength and fortitude. Every virtue divorced from thankfulness is maimed and limps along the spiritual road.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.”
“Lifting from Depression In the state of depression feeling miserable, a statement undermining all the potential harms when self-worth knocking no mercy found, hopelessness shadowing the self-worth finding the false identity, absence from feeling the way to feel. Once depression sinking to the deepest state of oppressing state, risking life to mark the fault answer to end everything. The depressed mood clouding the thinking mind, impairing the judgement looking at life, depressed mood, a desperate cry in mental despair, when the reality of life is much brighter than the state of depressing mood. The reality of life is a hopeful life. False sense of hopelessness, a correctable state of the mind when do you realized this? Disconfirming the strong false belief of hopelessness is a way to go. Depressed state of the mind can be lifted with psychiatric care and psychotherapeutic help. An early call to psychiatrist is the way to help, and the loved ones offer emotional support a good way to help, receiving help the answer to redefining the state of the mind. When adequate help arrives lifting from depression, the depressed dark cloud lifted from the state of depressed mind and you can clearly see and move forward with what is in front of you. Life backs into the living force, keep on moving at will, living a full life with life moving forward with all at will. by Tina Leung: I Face Forward poem”
“Light is the in-utterable name of God; the YHWH form. It is the emotional life of a bee and the distance to Icarus, the farthest visible star. It is the finding of compassion amidst tyranny, the networked communication between trees, and the whale song. Light is woven through the gauze of grief and is “the limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns” (John Lennon). It is what Catholic theologians called “the inexpressible, the incomprehensible, the invisible, the ungraspable, the thing we cannot conceive” (John Chrysostom) . “Tell me, if you have understanding. What is the way to the place where the light is distributed?” (Job 38:4) And unable to answer, in dumb obliviousness, instead, we point at the Sun”
“Like after a prairie fire It seems like the end of the world. The earth is all scorched and black and everything green is gone. But after the burning, the soil is richer, and new things can grow .People are like that, too, you know. They start over. They find a way.”
“Like the DreamMakers in this book, I believe the seeds that hold a vision for a new and better world lie within each of us, waiting for the right time and conditions to germinate, grow, and blossom.”
“Like the robin, we sometimes sing to show how strong we are, and we sometimes sing in hope of better times. We sing either way.”
“Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me  Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.”
“Live for the lovers, not the haters!”
“Live large. Dare to take up space. Be relentless in the pursuit of what truly lights you up. Take risks and stay open. Love yourself enough to know when to walk away. Love yourself enough to believe with every fiber of your being that there is something better for you out there, that there is someone who will accept every part of you no matter how bad or good or ugly or beautiful. They will see your inherent value shining right out of you and they will treasure you, they will uplift you, they will protect you, they will love you well. You are worth that. Don’t forget it.”
“Live with great expectation and positive anticipation of what you want and what you hope to gain.”
“Live your Life. Don’t dream it.”
“Living original doesn’t mean being different just to be different; it means being a new kind of different—a different based on knowing who you are, knowing who God is, and being confident that He made you in a really cool, unique way. There’s no one else on earth like you, and that makes you incredibly special. If you can see how special you are and be strong in it, there is no limit to what you can do and become in your life, or how much you can enjoy it.”
“Long distance is hard. You have to trust that as you each change on your own, your relationship will also change along with you. It takes hope, good humor, and idealism. It takes a massive dose of courage to protect the relationship at all odds. It is hard, but worth it. You'll both be stronger as a result.”
“Look heaven ward, have hope.”
“Look,” he said, “the point is there’s no way to be a hundred percent sure about anyone or anything. So you’re left with a choice. Either hope for the best, or just expect the worst.” If you expect the worst, you’re never disappointed,” I pointed out. Yeah, but who lives like that?”
“Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.”
“Look: the trees exist; the houses we dwell in stand there stalwartly. Only we pass by it all, like a rush of air. And everything conspires to keep quiet about us, half out of shame perhaps, half out of some secret hope.”
“Lord, help us root our feet to the earth And our eyes to the road And always remember the fallen angels Who, attempting to soar, Were seared instead by the sun and, wings melting, Came crashing back to the sea. Lord, help root my eyes to the earth And stay my eyes to the road So I may never stumble. -Psalm 24 (From "Prayer and Study," The Book of Shhh )”
“Losing hope is worse than losing all your wealth.”
“Loss is only temporary when you believe in God!”
“Love and well wishes,” he tells me. “Stars and sunrise. Hopes and health. May truth walk with you.” “As does my heart,” I respond.”
“Love and work. Work and love. Whatever it is we do, whoever it is we love, hopefully we make something better with it all-- our lives, our community, our country, the world.”
“Love as a concrete foundation for an authentically functional civilization requires the around-the-clock labors of forgiveness. Without it, Love fails, Friendship fails, Intelligence fails, Humanity: fails.”
“Love brings Faith and Hope back to a person.”
“Love can never make you a victim when faith makes you a warrior.”
“Love could be a last hope and a star to steer by.”
“Love doesn't come with an on-off switch. It's made of too many threads of memory and hope and heartache that weave themselves into the very core of who you are.”
“Love is hard. We try to love one another. But generally the quality and quantity of our love for one another is found wanting, because we find it difficult, if not impossible, to look beyond those things that are ugly and unlovable in those we try to love. Even though the things that are ugly and unlovable in ourselves are the very things that cause us to cry out for love.”
“Love is hope and expectation. If many want to pencil it in, some don’t dare to ink it in, because love also means mystery and enigma. ( " Love as dizzy as a cathedral")”
“Love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside.”
“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
“Love is only one fine star away.”
“Love is the most powerful force in the universe, and for two beings, who love each other, separation is only temporary. By the Laws of Attraction, they will inevitably be drawn back together, like magnets.”
“Love looks, sounds, and feels like God.”
“Love meant hope. Without love, life held no promise.”
“Love will fly if held too lightly, love will die if held too tightly.”
“Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up”
“Love without hope will not survive. Love without faith changes nothing. Love gives power to hope and faith.”
“Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope.”
“Lucky for him, my lips are not smiling alone.”
“Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.”
“Magic can be found everywhere, if you know how to look for it.   And where there is magic, there was hope.”
“Magic comes from the heart, from your feelings, your deepest expressions of desire. That's why black magic is so easy—it comes from lust, from fear and anger, from things that are easy to feed and make grow. The sort I do is harder. It comes from something deeper than that, a truer and purer source—harder to tap, harder to keep, but ultimately more elegant, more powerful. My magic. That was at the heart of me. It was a manifestation of what I believed, what I lived. It came from my desire to see to it that someone stood between the darkness and the people it would devour. It came from my love of a good steak, from the way I would sometimes cry at a good movie or a moving symphony. From my life. From the hope that I could make things better for someone else, if not always for me. Somewhere, in all of that, I touched on something that wasn't tapped out, in spite of how horrible the past days had been, something that hadn't gone cold and numb inside of me. I grasped it, held it in my hand like a firefly, and willed its energy out, into the circle I had created with the spinning amulet on the end of its chain.”
“Make yourself into a battery to store some of this feeling; it is the currency of your life  There will be many months and some years where you will receive no payments at all  while your friends buy dogs and houses.”
“Making the news anchor resemble a puppet, if the puppeteer sucks at his job.”
“Man and society are resurrected every moment in the act of hope and of faith in the here and now; every act of love, of awareness, of compassion is resurrection; every act of sloth, of greed, of selfishness is death. Every moment existence confronts us with the alternatives of resurrection or death; every moment we give an answer. This answer lies not in what we say or think, but in what we are, how we act, where we are moving.”
“Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air but only for one second without hope.”
“Man is a moral failure. Our only hope is GOD.”
“Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not.”
“Man's instinct is to find a way to live, but who wants to be the last to die?”
“Mankind cannot manufacture hope. Rather, it creates an innumerable array of ingeniously crafted facsimiles that are quite captivating. And it is Christmas that answers the question of what all of these facsimiles were attempting to replicate, and it is Christmas that illustrates how badly mankind has failed in the attempt.”
“Many a soul has burned out inside but those who keep gazing at the stars, outperform the others .”
“Many are less fortunate than you’ may not be a roof to live under, but it will serve to retire beneath in the event of a shower.”
“Many people seem to think it foolish, even superstitious, to believe that the world could still change for the better. And it is true that in winter it is sometimes so bitingly cold that one is tempted to say, ‘What do I care if there is a summer; its warmth is no help to me now.’ Yes, evil often seems to surpass good. But then, in spite of us, and without our permission, there comes at last an end to the bitter frosts. One morning the wind turns, and there is a thaw. And so I must still have hope.”
“Many things are thrown our way in this game of life. It's how you deal with them that shows your true character. I want all of you to feel the hope, love & passion I feel for the upcoming year & the rest of my life. I want ALL of you to not only go for your dreams, but have a damn ass good time doing it! Love & Warmth, May ♥”
“Many times, ‘shelter from the storm’ is the ‘hope’ of not perishing in the storm for the lack of shelter within it.”
“Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.”
“May I whisper in your ear from my heart so you'll clearly hear. There are people so dear… They're like children… Naked in a cold world… Beautiful children In an old world. May I take you away from the evils of today to the dreams of tomorrow? You know that Heaven has no sorrow. We know that Heaven has no tomorrow. Hear the sound of the magic drums… Hearts are beating for the Sun, Sending Evil on the run. Now watch the wind…”
“May be its mine bad-luck Or yours not to get me But I still have hope Of being yours”
“May hope shine through every broken heart.”
“May it [American independence] be to the world, what I believe it will be, (to some parts sooner, to others later, but finally to all,) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves, and to assume the blessings and security of self-government. That form which we have substituted, restores the free right to the unbounded exercise of reason and freedom of opinion. All eyes are opened, or opening, to the rights of man. The general spread of the light of science has already laid open to every view the palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately  These are grounds of hope for others. For ourselves, let the annual return of this day forever refresh our recollections of these rights, and an undiminished devotion to them. [ Letter to Roger C. Weightman on the anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, 24 June 1826. This was Jefferson's last letter ]”
“May peace be ever in your sight / and conquer hearts of those who'd fight / for false beliefs or grievous wrongs / or threaten hate where hope belongs. (from Prayer for the Voices of Resistance)”
“May the Lord make you an instrument of His peace. Where there is despair, let you sow hope.”
“May the sun come, it's a new day; In the pure land of fantasy; That our darkness enlightened”
“May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.”
“May your blessings be as countless as the grains of sand in the desert and the stars in the sky.”
“May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.”
“Maybe I am everything I knew that I would never be. I looked back at Jay and smiled.”
“Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.”
“Maybe I put it wrong, I'm not a philosopher. To me it means something simple, like to say the future is already there, waiting for you. Why not wait, see what it brings?”
“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”
“Maybe friendship is being the guardian of another person's hope. Leave it with me and I'll look after it for a while , if it feels too heavy for now.”
“Maybe it isn’t about getting to the sunlight, but being able to weather the storm with those you love most.”
“Maybe it's not about how long you've lived, or having the ability to hope, even when things seem hopeless. Maybe it's just about how much faith you have.”
“Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.”
“Maybe the future is like rowing for shore. Your only choice is to try or give up.”
“Maybe the gift of being human is that we do not give up- even when all hope is lost." -Nikolai Lantsov”
“Maybe the hope i bear is just an illusion that will never be. Please let there be dry rivers, i will fill them with tears.”
“Maybe tomorrow, I'll try to turn this into a poem.”
“Maybe we're more like dandelions. A weed that's a pest in the yard but pretty to look at. Yeah, an Indian home is like a dandelion, pretty, but disposable and imbued with a million little seeds that dissolve into wishes for little white hands that pluck. My home is full of hope and ghosts.”
“Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost I carried them around with me, all the time”
“Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves.”
“Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become.”
“Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow.”
“Me minus God makes the impossible, impossible. Me plus God makes the impossible, possible.”
“Meaningless thoughts come at a price.”
“Meanwhile, our politicians, global corporations, and money changers have redefined the American Dream. Many of us grew up not even knowing that we were considered "poor," but now it seems that no one can stand the thought of not being rich. Politicians and the media told us that America is about having the most stuff, the nicest cars, and the biggest homes. Almost everyone, it seemed, was in it for themselves. Compassion, we were told, was a victim of capitalism. We should now see that for the lie it is. Compassion and capitalism go hand in hand, but compassion does not go with what these people are really promoting: greed. . . . In short, politicians promised us a new, easier way to success and happiness---and many of us too eagerly embraced and promoted it. . . . There are no shortcuts in achieving and living the American Dream. It takes hard work, relentless dedication to your core principles and values, and, above all, patience.”
“Meditation didn’t work any miracles. Miracles happen in an instant of faith. The skeptic in me demanded proof.”
“Meditation made me sick. Meditation made me mad. Meditation made me sad. Meditation gave me hope. Meditation pointed toward a way. Meditation showed me not just how to live my life but also how to think about life itself.”
“Memories are priceless.”
“Men and women are not limited by the place of their birth, not by color of their skin, but by the size of their hope.”
“Men are more resilient than that, I think. Our belief is often strongest when it should be weakest. That is the nature of hope.”
“Might. Is there any opiate more powerful than that word?”
“Mightier than Este is Nienna, sister of the Feanturi; she dwells alone. She is acquainted with grief, and mourns for every wound that Arda has suffered in the marring of Melkor. So great was her sorrow, as the Music unfolded, that her song turned to lamentation long before its end, and the sound of mourning was woven into the themes of the World before it began. But she does not weep for herself; and those who hearken to her learn pity, and endurance in hope.  all those who wait in Mandos cry to her, for she brings strength to the spirit and turns sorrow to wisdom.”
“Mile by mile, it's a trial; yard by yard, it's hard; but inch by inch, it's a cinch.”
“Mind led body to the edge of the precipice. They stared in desire at the naked abyss. If you love me, said mind, take that step into silence. If you love me, said body, turn and exist.”
“Ministry is about changing the world by transforming the people within it, not by giving them some sort of emotional sedative.”
“Miracles do happen for people who believe in the power of hope.”
“Miracles were just second chances if you really thought about it--second chances when all hope was lost.”
“Modern man does not love, but seeks refuge in love; does not hope, but seeks refuge in hope; does not believe, but seeks refuge in a dogma.”
“Moment to moment, day after day, We must hold the contradictory co-existing reality Of who we are, all we have done, Where we have succeeded and where we have failed, and who we believe that we could be.”
“More than a thousand people have been imprisoned—suspected of being part of the conspiracy—including all who served the royal family. Joliette is not safe—anywhere in France. If they discover your noble identity, you will beat me to the guillotine.”
“Moreover, their bearing was firmer and more confident than ever; excessive sacrifice is a support. They had hope no longer, but they had despair. Despair, final arm, which sometimes gives victory. Virgil has said so. Supreme resources spring from extreme resolutions. To embark in death is sometimes a means of escaping a shipwreck and the coffin lid becomes a plank of safety.”
“Morning dew upon the grass, glistening in the sun. Yesterday’s gone, tomorrow may come, but this day has begun.”
“Most of the time, when you regret something, you haven’t seen what the thing you regret can lead you to, if you let it.”
“Mother can beat me all she wants, but I haven’t let her take away my will to somehow survive.”
“Move on, sky is not limit, wind can touch you, water can dip you, mother will care you, wife will nurture you and above all, oneday you will see your child following, up above the sky; you became a star, twinkling, watching and waiting to come back again, on earth.”
“My belief in God was not obtained through some rousing hymns or moving sermon. My faith was burnished hard through pain and trials whose depth was unimaginable and from which recovery seemed impossible. And it was in those most desperate of places that God moved from being a cheerful idea of hymns and sermons to the Master of the unimaginable and the Healer of the impossible.”
“My belief is that if we live another century or so — I am talking of the common life which is the real life and not of the little separate lives which we live as individuals — and have five hundred a year each of us and rooms of our own; if we have the habit of freedom and the courage to write exactly what we think; if we escape a little from the common sitting-room and see human beings not always in their relation to each other but in relation to reality; and the sky, too, and the trees or whatever it may be in themselves; if we look past Milton's bogey, for no human being should shut out the view; if we face the fact, for it is a fact, that there is no arm to cling to, but that we go alone and that our relation is to the world of reality and not only to the world of men and women, then the opportunity will come and the dead poet who was Shakespeare's sister will put on the body which she has so often laid down.”
“My children are my great work.”
“My concern will be same for my team mates who worked with me in equal manner, equal position & very balancing attitude. I hope those all get their contributions & deserving titles in unbiased way.”
“My days I devote to reading and experiments in chemistry, and I spend many of the clear nights in the study of astronomy. There is, though I do not know how there is or why there is, a sense of infinite peace and protection in the glittering hosts of heaven. There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope.”
“My dear children, perhaps you won’t understand what I am saying to you, because I often speak very unintelligibly, but you’ll remember it all the same and will agree with my words some time. You must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory, especially a memory of childhood, of home. People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good, sacred memory, preserved from childhood, is perhaps the best education. If a man carries many such memories with him into life, he is safe to the end of his days, and if one has only one good memory left in one’s heart, even that may sometime be the means of saving us.”
“My dear girl God never wastes anything.”
“My eyes filled with tears. "Ruth, there's flowers in my salad." Ruth smiled. "Those are nasturtium. They're beautiful, aren't they?" "Can I eat them?" She nodded. I shook my head. "I hate to eat this. It's like a work of art." Ruth sat down next to me. "That's part of how starved you've been. I think you're afraid this is the last beautiful thing that's going to happen to you, and you want to hold onto it." "How did you know that?" Ruth smiled. "I'm your neighbor. It's a wonderful salad, Jess. I made it just for you to enjoy. But the next one will be luscious, too.”
“My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say”
“My feelings were tangled up in knots. Guilt intertwined with innocence. Worry with calm. I had feelings I couldn’t name. But I believed that every human being had a right to live in peace.”
“My future would become as uncertain and unstable as a howling wind in a wasteland.”
“My garden is covered in ice and snow. A pair of light green rose leaves, which still "confess color", look all the more striking; like a bulwark against the 500 shades of winter grey. Like stars twinkling in the dark of the night. How bright a single candle illuminates a pitch black room. A glimmer of Hope.”
“My grandpa had a saying before he died: You can hope in one hand, shit in the other, and see which is filled first.”
“My heart has a small dark chamber, an orphanage of my abandoned hopes. Every time I walk in there, I see you. I don't know why I cry.”
“My hope for the future, not just in the music industry, but in every young girl I meet…is that they all realize their worth and ask for it.”
“My hope is in God, he is my divine Helper.”
“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.”
“My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.”
“My mission is to snap you out of complacency and mediocrity, to help you see that God wants more for you.”
“My mother is beautiful; she was a star in every room she entered. And she's certainly the reason I'm funny.”
“My mother is my friend Who shares with me her bread All my hopelessness cured! Her company makes me secured!”
“My pride shut me up, my hurt shut me down, and together they ganged up on my hope and let her get away.”
“My problem is with the night, incessant, rickety, desolate nights, and not with the darkness. There’s a lot of light inside me.”
“My sense of the holy is bound up with the hope that some day my remote descendants will live in a global civilization in which love is pretty much the only law.”
“My takeaway from this is that no matter what I step into or what my day looks like, I can be joyful. Because I know my God is holy, I can publicly honor and praise Him as I celebrate each day.”
“My theory is that hope is a form of madness. A benevolent one, sure, but madness all the same. Like an irrational superstition--broken mirrors and so forth--hope's not based on any kind of logic, it's just unfettered optimism, grounded in nothing but faith in things beyond our control.”
“My thoughts, I think, will soon be sound. My mind, I hope, will soon be found.”
“My tummy trembled in an unaccustomed way. Hope, is what I thought it to be, that thing that often seems unrecognisable to us, yet when it hits we know it is what it is.”
“My youthful heart still holds the buoyancy of promise. Even though it is scarred by the ravages of time, there is still hope and possibilities to explore.”
“NOT, I’ll not, carrion comfort, Despair, not feast on thee; Not untwist—slack they may be—these last strands of man In me ór, most weary, cry I can no more. I can; Can something, hope, wish day come, not choose not to be.”
“Nall, there’s nothing but friendship between Jase and me,” Savanna explained. “He’s been such a huge help to me. When I first arrived in your big, beautiful city, it was his darling, handsome face I saw first, waiting for me. He’s such a good friend and co-worker,” she complimented.”
“Navigate toward what you want rather than fixating on the past.”
“Nay! Alas for us all! And for all that walk in the world in these after-days. For such is the way of it: to find and lose, as it seems to those whose boat is on the running stream. But I count you blessed [ ] for your loss you suffer of your own free will, and you might have chosen otherwise. But you have not forsaken your companions, and the least reward that you shall have is that the memory of Lothlórien shall remain ever clear and unstained in your heart, and shall neither fade nor grow stale.”
“Neil said nothing. Andrew hooked his fingers in the collar of Neil's shirt and tugged just enough for Neil to feel it. "I know what I'm doing. I knew what I was agreeing to when I took Kevin's side. I knew what it could cost us and how far I'd have to go. Understand? You aren't going anywhere. You're staying here." Andrew didn't let go until Neil nodded, and then he reached for Neil's hand. He took his cigarette back, put it between his lips, and pressed a warm key into Neil's empty palm. Neil lifted his hand to look at it. The hardware logo engraved in it meant it was a copy. To what, Neil didn't know, but it only took him a moment to figure it out. Andrew used this key to unlock the front door and then took it off the ring on the porch. Now he was giving it to Neil. "Get some sleep," Andrew said. "We're going home tomorrow. We'll figure this out then." Andrew went around Neil to the front door. He had no sympathy or comfort for his family as they grieved Seth's unexpected death, but he would keep watch on them from the doorway until they were okay again. It was harder than it should have been for Neil to look away from him, but he finally set off down the hall.”
“Never Give up! Where theres life theres hope! ”
“Never allow yourself to be a prisoner of your past sins; there is nothing that you did that GOD doesn't forgive.”
“Never be disappointed and never lose your hope and fortitude when all that you see around is only shadows. Because if there are shadows, there must also be sources of light nearby. Find them, take them with you to illuminate your trail and make shadows disappear!”
“Never be left holding hatred. Flush resentment down the drain. This is your life, and it goes by fast. Your clear mind is what you’ll carry, instead of hurtful feelings. We can only hope that the love we shine towards others will rub off. In Jesus name. Amen.”
“Never believe that hope is dead. Life will always keep dealing challenges. So, hope is always on the table. You just have to bet on it.”
“Never dim your light to match those around you, and never lose your distinctiveness to blend in with others, for you have a responsibility to be all that God has called you to be.”
“Never forget that in the simple act of wishing you have already begun the process of making the wish real. Therefore, I wonder how many things are waiting on us to make them real.”
“Never give up hope. All things are working for your good. One day, you'll look back on everything you've been through and thank God for it.”
“Never give up. It's like breathing—once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.”
“Never let anyone dictate your narrative.”
“Never loose hope. Stay strong, you never know what tomorrow brings.”
“Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Never lose hope. The darkest clouds precede the loveliest rain!”
“Never make a wishbone where your backbone ought to be. Sometimes we must leave things as we find them. And we should recognize that a fact is only a fact because all our wishing cannot make it otherwise.”
“Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.”
“Never stop believing that your dreams are eternal.”
“Never take today for granted, tomorrow might never come.”
“Never think that the existence of hope is dependent upon your ability to see it.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.”
“New day, new hopes, new life!!”
“New hope, new courage to conquer.”
“News travels fast in places like this.” It comforts her, if only a little. “Good. Let’s hope we’re lucky.” “I’m not a fan of either.” “Hope and luck?” She grins a true smile. “Me neither.”
“Night always turns to day again as long as the sun shall rise, so shall it be for darkened dreams grown pale from compromise”
“Night flight to San Francisco; chase the moon across America. God, it’s been years since I was on a plane. When we hit 35,000 feet we’ll have reached the tropopause, the great belt of calm air, as close as I’ll ever get to the ozone. I dreamed we were there. The plane leapt the tropopause, the safe air, and attained the outer rim, the ozone, which was ragged and torn, patches of it threadbare as old cheesecloth, and that was frightening. But I saw something that only I could see because of my astonishing ability to see such things: Souls were rising, from the earth far below, souls of the dead, of people who had perished, from famine, from war, from the plague, and they floated up, like skydivers in reverse, limbs all akimbo, wheeling and spinning. And the souls of these departed joined hands, clasped ankles, and formed a web, a great net of souls, and the souls were three-atom oxygen molecules of the stuff of ozone, and the outer rim absorbed them and was repaired. Nothing’s lost forever. In this world, there’s a kind of painful progress. Longing for what we’ve left behind, and dreaming ahead. At least I think that’s so.”
“Nikolai had been told that hope was dangerous, had been warned of it many times. But he’d never believed that. Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home.”
“No amount of me trying to explain myself was doing any good. I didn't even know what was going on inside of me, so how could I have explained it to them?”
“No betrayal is so big that God’s commitment to us and presence within us is not bigger.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“No gasp at a miracle that is truly miraculous because the magic lies in the fact that you knew it was there for you all along.”
“No loss should ever be viewed as a failure.”
“No man, proclaimed Donne, is an Island, and he was wrong. If we were not islands, we would be lost, drowned in each other's tragedies. We are insulated (a word that means, literally, remember, made into an island) from the tragedy of others, by our island nature, and by the repetitive shape and form of the stories. The shape does not change: there was a human being who was born, lived, and then, by some means or another, died. There. You may fill in the details from your own experience. As unoriginal as any other tale, as unique as any other life. Lives are snowflakes—forming patterns we have seen before, as like one another as peas in a pod (and have you ever looked at peas in a pod? I mean, really looked at them? There's not a chance you'd mistake one for another, after a minute's close inspection), but still unique.”
“No matter how closed-off the world became, the sky was still blue, and the trees continued to paint it with emerald and gold leaves.”
“No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!”
“No matter how educated you are, no matter how irrational it seems, you will follow a glimmer of hope.”
“No matter how hard it is, or how hard it gets, don't ever, ever, ever lose hope!”
“No matter what happened to you as long as you're still breathing, there is still a hope. Never give up.”
“No matter your hardships, hold your head high, look upwards towards the heavens, there lies Divine help.”
“No one knows for sure that that tomorrow won't come, but most people assume that tomorrow will still exist as usual. This is Toba's Paradox, which means, hope overcomes doubt.”
“No one needed to say it, but the room overflowed with that sort of blessing. The combination of loss and abundance. The abundance that has no guilt. The loss that has no fix. The simple tiredness that is not weary. The hope not built on blindness.”
“No point carrying useless ballast. It won't change a thing.”
“No rain can't get the rainbow.”
“No risk is more terrifying than that taken by the first root. A lucky root will eventually find water, but its first job is to anchor -- to anchor an embryo and forever end its mobile phase, however passive that mobility was. Once the first root is extended, the plant will never again enjoy any hope (however feeble) of relocating to a place less cold, less dry, less dangerous. Indeed, it will face frost, drought, and greedy jaws without any possibility of flight. The tiny rootlet has only once chance to guess what the future years, decades -- even centuries -- will bring to the patch of soil where it sits. It assesses the light and humidity of the moment, refers to its programming, and quite literally takes the plunge.”
“No single feeling becomes the only feeling if you let it all happen. And the way to let it all happen is to see the value in it all, in everything. To see the way the dark might lead to the light and the way present pain might lead to future hope.”
“No star is ever lost we once have seen, We always may be what we might have been Since Good, though only thought, Has life and breath - God's life - can always be redeemed from death. And evil in its nature is decay, And any hour may blot it all away. The hope that lost in some far distance seems, May be the truer life, and this the dream.”
“No sunset winks, but surely be followed by the sunrise! - Try to remember this on your moments of despair.”
“No, I mean it. You're going to make it. You're a beautiful kid." Ben looked back at his father. "You think sewers are beautiful.”
“No, Sky. You didn't tell her everything…you told you everything. Those things happened to you, not to someone else. They happened to Hope. They happened to Sky. They happened to the best friend that I loved all those years ago, and they happened to the best friend I love who’s looking back at me right now.”
“No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”
“No," she said. "No. It's only a bad time. A terrible time, but not everyone will die. And there will be wonderful times after this. The Renaissance and class reforms and music. Wonderful times. There will be new medicines, and people won't have to die from this or smallpox or pneumonia. And everyone will have enough to eat, and their houses will be warm even in the winter." She thought of Oxford, decorated for Christmas, the streets and shops lit. "There will be lights everywhere, and bells that you don't have to ring.”
“No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
“Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are”
“None of this had been fated; none of it foretold. There had been no prophecies of a demon king or a dragon queen, a one-eyed Tailor, Heartrender twins. They were just the people who had shown up and managed to survive. But maybe that was the trick of it: to survive, to dare to stay alive, to forge your own hope when all hope had run out.”
“Nor dread nor hope attend A dying animal; A man awaits his end Dreading and hoping all.”
“Not a day goes by that did not have a great opportunity packaged in it somewhere. And the question is, did the opportunity go by with the day?”
“Not all boats which sail into darkness never find the sun again, or the hand of another child; if life teaches anything at all, it teaches that there are so many happy endings that man who believes there is no God needs his rationality called into serious question.”
“Not even for a moment can you be in the present moment while regret or hope is present in you.”
“Not in the time of pleasure Hope doth set her bow; But in the sky of sorrow, Over the vale of woe. Through gloom and shadow look we On beyond the years! The soul would have no rainbow Had the eyes no tears.”
“Not that pie in the sky stuff, not a preference for optimism over pessimism, but rather ‘an orientation of the spirit.’ The kind of hope that creates a willingness to position oneself in a hopeless place and be a witness, that allows one to believe in a better future, even in the face of abusive power. That kind of hope makes one strong.”
“Nothing but a symbol? People die for symbols. People have hope because of symbols. They're not just lines. They're histories, cultures, traditions, given shape.”
“Nothing he faced was too difficult for God, and the Maker of the world already knew how Loren’s story would end. The thought offered a bit of bittersweet comfort. He didn’t want to die, but at least his future wasn’t haphazard—wasn’t unplanned or unknown to God.”
“Nothing is predestined. The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.”
“Nothing is simpler than despair, but I don't think any simple story tells the whole story. So all hail complexities”
“Nothing is stronger than a small hope that doesn't give up. Nothing is stronger than a small hope that doesn't give up. Nothing is stronger than a small hope that doesn't give up. Nothing is stronger than a small hope that doesn't give up.”
“Nothing seemed to hard for God to perform; nothing to great for me to hope for from Him.”
“Nothing, Everything, Anything, Something: If you have nothing, then you have everything, because you have the freedom to do anything, without the fear of losing something.”
“Now I want you to remember something because I don't think we shall meet again very soon. It is this; however fashionable despair about the world and about people may be at present, and however powerful despair may become in the future, not everybody, or even most people, think and live fashionably; virtue and honour will not be banished from the world, however many popular moralists and panicky journalists say so. Sacrifice will not cease to be because psychiatrists have popularized the idea that there is often some concealed, self-serving element in it; theologians always knew that. Nor do I think love as a high condition of honour will be lost; it is a pattern in the spirit, and people long to make the pattern a reality in their own lives, whatever means they take to do so. In short, Davey, God is not dead. And I can assure you God is not mocked.”
“Now I'm making a decision. I choose life. I shall live because there are few people I want to stay with for the longest possible time and because I have duties to discharge. It is not my concern whether or not life has meaning. If I am unable to forgive, then I shall try to forget. I shall live by force and cunning."­”
“Now hollow fires burn out to black, And lights are fluttering low: Square your shoulders, lift your pack And leave your friends and go. O never fear, lads, naught’s to dread, Look not left nor right: In all the endless road you tread There’s nothing but the night.”
“Now is the time to take control of your eating rather than it taking control of you”
“Now she collapsed in a heap next to her boys. Although she was desperate for sleep, worries about getting more food kept her awake.”
“Now, sisters and friends, I want you to do something. Go look in the mirror. Take off any worldly lens that has affected the way you see yourself—a lens of insecurity, jealousy, comparison, negativity, self-hatred, or anything else. And stare at yourself. You are altogether beautiful, my darling. Wow, the Lord takes such great delight in you. Look at the color of your eyes. Look at the strands of your hair and the unique shapes and features of your face. God made you, and you are exactly how He intended you to be. He created every detail—details no other person on earth has. He did this so He could reveal a new image of beauty and another side of Himself to the world.”
“O Allah, You know me better than I know myself, and I know myself better than these people who praise me. Make me better than what they think of me, and forgive those sins of mine of which they have no knowledge, and do not hold me responsible for what they say.”
“O sweet To-morrow!— After to-day There will away This sense of sorrow. Then let us borrow Hope, for a gleaming Soon will be streaming, Dimmed by no gray— No gray!”
“O, wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't!”
“ONE OF YOUR MOST POWERFUL TOOLS AGAINST ANXIETY IS YOUR SKILL OF LEARNING TO CHOOSE ONE THOUGHT OVER ANOTHER.”
“Occasionally I think you could do with someone truly to look out for you And I wish you well in your work. I hope one day you will be able to bring it to a conclusion, and find rest.”
“Odasaku ' Dazai said softly. 'Forgive me for the absurd wording, but—don't go. Find something to rely on. Expect good things to happen from here on out. There's gotta be something ”
“Odasaku," Dazai said softly. "Forgive me for the absurd wording, but—don't go. Find something to rely on. Expect good things to happen from here on out. There's gotta be something ”
“Of all our feelings the only one which really doesn't belong to us is hope. Hope belongs to life, it's life itself defending itself.”
“Of course it's not right. The Cross isn't right. But our Lord took it and turned it into the great sign that the devil hates above all other signs. Each time we accept to bear that cross and be nailed to it, believing against all believing - when it's impossible any longer to believe because of our pain - that's when we defeat him. By the blood of the Lamb!”
“Of this I am sure ..if the sky goes unlighted ..as the sun goes to sleep .the stars would appear .for they are the signature of God  ”
“Oft hope is born when all is forlorn.”
“Oh no," I said, because if our life is just one endless song about hope and regret, then "oh no" is apparently that song's chorus, the words we always return to.”
“Oh, but I was an idiot. Wanting to be whatever magic she waited for, when I had no magic - only darkness or death to give. But it seemed in that one instant, when she turned to discover what was behind her, that I could have brought happiness to at least one mortal. Me and my dreams of goodness. I had always been a fool for them.”
“Old foliage ignores the anxious sun / since dismal winds convince each brittle branch / to hold no moment closely or too long / now shadows spread and all turns silhouette. / But then she smiles, reviving life with light, / and hope may spring eternal one more night. (from April, Autumnal)”
“Old folks live on memory, young folk live on hope.”
“Once I knew the depth where no hope was, and darkness lay on the face of all things  But a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.”
“Once a day has begun eventfully, it generally carries on being every bit as lively.”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“Once you choose hope, anything's possible.”
“Once you get connected to the Divine, nothing can defeat you.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“One always has hope for human nature”
“One cannot love, an image, a dead likeness, it will never give back, the real you, or let you see, the inside heart. When Angels Speak of LOVE-Poem 25”
“One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world.”
“One day it may feel as if energy and enthusiasm are quenched, feelings dried up and emotions scorched, love and affection tangled in a harsh and uninviting setting. Nothing seems to grow anymore. No seed. No flowers. No foreseeable hope. No conceivable prospects. Any blossom of expectation seems to have become an illusion and life appears to have come to a standstill. If no seed of loving care is sown in the untilled, abandoned land, no bud can come into flower. Singer Amy Winehouse felt like lying fallow in the ground of a wasteland "with tears dry, dying a hundred times, going back to black" and leaving eventually for a place of ultimate sorrow and heartbreak, for a point of no return. ( “Amour en friche” )”
“One factor that makes human being reluctant to have hope is the fear of disappointment. Do not be afraid of disappointment! The more you afraid of it, the smaller your expectation. Face and overcome the disappointment, even though it felt bitter in soul and pain in body. If you go through and pass it, then your soul and body will be stronger than previous level. When hope emerged, change will occur because of that, both in your soul and in your body. Fear of disapointment is a main enemy of good hope and great change within the human being. Only by facing and overcoming the fear of disapointment, man will become stronger and wiser. ~ Salah satu faktor yang membuat manusia enggan untuk berharap adalah rasa takut akan kecewa. Jangan takut dengan kekecewaan! Semakin engkau takut menghadapinya, semakin kecil pengharapanmu. Hadapi dan lawanlah rasa kecewa, meskipun terasa pahit di jiwa dan terasa sakit di tubuh. Jika engkau mampu dan lulus, maka jiwa dan tubuhmu akan lebih kuat dari kondisi sebelumnya. Ketika harapan muncul, perubahan akan terjadi, baik dalam jiwa maupun dalam tubuh manusia. Rasa takut akan kecewa adalah musuh utama pengharapan yang baik dan perubahan yang agung dalam diri manusia. Hanya dengan menghadapi dan melalui rasa takut akan kecewa, seseorang dapat menjadi lebih kuat dan bijaksana.”
“One good person can do a million good things in this world”
“One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.”
“One of the biggest challenges you face as you get older as a single person is resisting cynicism. It's so, so hard not to feel betrayed and let down by love and turn that into nihilism, skepticism, or anger. But cynicism, while funny and self-protecting, is very easy. Finding trust, sustaining hope— that's the real art form.”
“One of the gravestones in the cemetery near the earliest church has an anchor on it and an hourglass, and the words In Hope. In Hope. Why did they put that above a dead person? Was it the corpse hoping, or those still alive?”
“One of the key symptoms of depression is to see no hope. No future. Far from the tunnel having light at the end of it, it seems like it is blocked at both ends, and you are inside it. So if I could have only known the future, that there woudl be one far brighter than anything I'd experienced, then one end of that tunnel would have been blown to peices, and I could have faced the light.”
“One of the most agonizing problems of human experience is how to deal with disappointment. In our individual lives we all too often distill our frustrations into an essence of bitterness, or drown ourselves in the deep waters of self-pity, or adopt a fatalistic philosophy that whatever happens must happen and all events are determined by necessity. These reactions poison the soul and scar the personality, always harming the person who harbors them more than anyone else. The only healthy answer lies in one’s honest recognition of disappointment even as he still clings to hope, one’s acceptance of finite disappointment even while clinging to infinite hope.”
“One of the most important lessons I have ever learned was expressed in the words to the song I heard each night during Winter Jam. There is power in the name of Jesus. His name has power to break every type of bondage, and praying in His name you can gain victory over fear, just like I did.”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“One question that has challenged me for some 50 years, is where did Ali “retire” after parting with Wallace in Singapore in 1862? Did he return to his home in Sarawak? Did he return to the spice island of Ternate, where Wallace said he had a family?”
“One reason for not giving up, not quitting, is that the great tales are told about those who refused to surrender - those who ventured forward in hope  Real heroism  requires us to struggle with hope, yet without the assurance of victory.”
“One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.”
“One spiritual writer has observed that human beings are born with two diseases: life, from which we die; and hope, which says the first disease is not terminal. Hope is built into the structure of our personalities, into the depths of our unconscious; it plagues us to the very moment of our death. The critical question is whether hope is self-deception, the ultimate cruelty of a cruel and tricky universe, or whether it is just possibly the imprint of reality.”
“One thing I've learnt through writing is this: with everything in life, you have to look down deep into your heart! That fact is true with all things! If you have Jesus inside, He will give you all you need to say, and all the actions you need to do! It's not mere imagination the things I write; they are composed from the words lit up inside of me, from my Creator, who made all things bright!”
“One who has hope lives differently.”
“One who is fed on promises eats from an empty bowl.”
“One who is fed on promises feeds from an empty bowl.”
“Ónen i-estel edain, ú-chebin estel anim. (I gave Hope to the Dúnedain, I have kept none for myself.) (Gilraen's linnod)”
“Only I could gift myself hope.”
“Only humans have the privilege to create magic out of our dreams and hopes.”
“Only if we can understand, can we care. Only if we care, will we help. Only if we help, shall all be saved.”
“Only people who have a plausible hope of being immortalized in history are so about how they might get immortalized," she said. "The rest of us are too busy trying to get through the day.”
“Only tears of the damned can soothe the eyes of the cursed.”
“Only the first ray of the Sun represents hope, rest all give birth to habit.”
“Only those who still have hope can benefit from tears.”
“Optimism hopes for the best without any guarantee of its arriving and is often no more than whistling in the dark. Christian hope, by contrast, is faith looking ahead to the fulfillment of the promises of God, as when the Anglican burial service inters the corpse 'in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ.' Optimism is a wish without warrant; Christian hope is a certainty, guaranteed by God himself. Optimism reflects ignorance as to whether good things will ever actually come. Christian hope expresses knowledge that every day of his life, and every moment beyond it, the believer can say with truth, on the basis of God's own commitment, that the best is yet to come.”
“Optimism is radical. It is the hard choice, the brave choice. And it is, it seems to me, most needed now, in the face of despair—just as a car is most useful when you have a distance to close. Otherwise it is a large, unmovable object parked in the garage. These days, the safest way for someone to appear intelligent is being skeptical by default. We seem sophisticated when we say “we don’t believe” and disingenuous when we say “we do.” History and fable have both proven that nothing is ever entirely lost. David can take Goliath. A beach in Normandy can turn the tide of war. Bravery can topple the powerful. These facts are often seen as exceptional, but they are not. Every day, we all become the balance of our choices—choices between love and fear, belief or despair. No hope is ever too small.”
“Oral histories from the period testify to the hope and excitement that Fascism generated. Men and women who had despaired of political change suddenly felt in touch with the answers they had been seeking. Eagerly they traveled long distances to attend Fascist rallies, where they discovered kindred souls keen to restore greatness to the nation, traditional values to the community, and optimism about the future. Here, in this crusade, they heard explanations that made sense to them about the powerful currents that were at work in the world. Here were the chances they had sought to participate in youth groups, athletic organizations, charity drives, and job-training activities. Here were the connections they needed to start a new business or take out a loan. Many families that had stopped after bearing two children, thinking that number all they could afford, now found the confidence to bear four or five or six. In the congenial company of fellow Fascists, they could share an identity that seemed right to them and engage in a cause that each could serve with gladness and singleness of heart. These were prizes, they believed, worth marching for and even giving up democratic freedoms for—provided their leaders could do as promised and make their fantasies real.”
“Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life.”
“Our journey has not been easy, but it has been worth it. By facing our own traumas and biases, we have been able to better understand and love the diverse world around us.”
“Our pleasures are not lost, nor do they disappear; in another way, they mark us as much as our pains. The one among them which seemed to have vanished forever will save us from a crisis, will plead, unknown to us, against one of our disappointments, against some temptation to abdicate, to surrender; it will create in us new links of which we are not conscious, and reinforce a heap of little hopes which will counterbalance that tendency of our memory to preserve only vestiges of the atrocious, the terrible. For our memory is a venal thing: it sides with our pains, it has sold itself to our sufferings.”
“Our situation and circumstances are not always the karma that our enemies and haters would love to think that it is  I am convinced that when you've done nothing wrong; it is the perpetual manifestation of GOD's GLORY and the evidence will be seen in the outcome. Don't let your temporary circumstance and situation prematurely punctuate the end of your story.”
“Our strategy should be not only to confront empire, but to lay siege to it. To deprive it of oxygen. To shame it. To mock it. With our art, our music, our literature, our stubbornness, our joy, our brilliance, our sheer relentlessness – and our ability to tell our own stories. Stories that are different from the ones we’re being brainwashed to believe. The corporate revolution will collapse if we refuse to buy what they are selling – their ideas, their version of history, their wars, their weapons, their notion of inevitability. Remember this: We be many and they be few. They need us more than we need them. Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.”
“Our work is to remember, and to keep kicking back at the shadows with the light.”
“Out of doubt, out of dark to the day's rising I came singing into the sun, sword unsheathing. To hope's end I rode and to heart's breaking: Now for wrath, now for ruin and a red nightfall! ”
“Out of nowhere, for whatever reason, a different feeling snuck up in its place, and hope. If life could change for the worst, I thought, then maybe life could change for the better.”
“Out of nowhere, one of the twins grabbed my cap while the other delivered a blow to my head. She slapped the taste right out of my mouth. I couldn’t even feel my tongue. I spun around to face my bullies. The twins had become triplets. I couldn’t remember ever trying to drink three glasses of anything and this wouldn’t be the day to try.”
“Over time, I have come to believe that there is a killer and a saint in all of us. But I choose to focus on the future and the *potential* in people.”
“Pandora's box had been opened and monsters had come out. But there had been something hidden at the bottom of Pandora's box. Something wonderful. Hope.”
“Part of her revolted against the insanity of the rules. Part of her was grateful. In a world of chaos, any guidelines helped. And she knew that each day she remained alive, she remained alive . One plus one plus one. The Devil's arithmetic ”
“Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.”
“Past and Present I know well; each is a friend and sometimes an enemy to me. But it is the quiet, beckoning Future, an absolute stranger, with whom I have fallen madly in love.”
“Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.”
“Patience. That's what this glass and silver and shell had taught her over the years. Patience was what wore old broken bottles into bits of color and light. Patience what created those shells, wore them away again, tossed them onto the shore . And patience had rewarded her here too.”
“Patrick remembered how for years after Joe died, the way his heart would lift whenever someone opened a door. He knew intellectually Joe wouldn't walk through. But in those fractions of seconds, he remembered what hope felt like.”
“Peace, a force that can unlock, locked worlds.”
“People are just too hopeful, and sometimes hope is the biggest weapon of all to use against us. People will believe anything.”
“People are slowly dying everywhere", he said. "They are also continuously living. Every moment they draw breath. they can find the glory I put here on Earth, if they look for it.”
“People aren't just ants rushing around over a crust of bread. Every life, no matter how isolated, touches hundreds of others. It's up to us to decide if those micro connections are positive or negative. But whichever we decide, it does impact the ones we deal with. One word can give someone the strength they needed at that moment or it can shred them down to nothing. A single smile can turn a bad moment good. And one wrong outburst or word could be the tiny push that causes someone to slip over the edge into destruction.”
“People die from lack of shared empathy and affinity. By establishing social connectedness, we give hope a chance and the other can become heaven. ( "Le ciel c'est l'autre" )”
“People do terrible things in this world, Feliciano. Things I will never forget, and never understand. And that's why we have to hold onto the beautiful things.”
“People don’t argue to find out the truth anymore. People will settle for winning momentary discussions, never minding the nuances within every topic they superficially defend with indomitable passion.”
“People gave the heavens a voice, so they had something to ask for: a better harvest, a healthy child or a milder winter. God was hope, and mankind needed hope the way it needed warmth, food and ale. But with hope came disappointment. The downtrodden yearned for stories to explain their misfortunes, though what they really wanted was somebody to blame for their misery. It was impossible to set fire to the blight that had ruined your crops, but a blight was easily summoned by a witch, at which point any poor woman would do.”
“People have hope because they cannot see Death standing behind them.”
“People like mystery. They want nothing explained, because when things are explained then there is no hope left. I have seen folk dying and known there is nothing to be done, and I am asked to go because the priest will soon arrive with his dish covered by a cloth, and everyone prays for a miracle. It never happens. And the person dies and I get blamed, not God or the priest, but I!”
“People need stories, child. They bring us hope, and that hope is real. If that's the case, what does it matter whether people in them actually lived?”
“People need stories, child. They bring us hope, and that hope is real.”
“People who are too optimistic seem annoying. This is an unfortunate misinterpretation of what an optimist really is. An optimist is neither naive, nor blind to the facts, nor in denial of grim reality. An optimist believes in the optimal usage of all options available, no matter how limited. As such, an optimist always sees the big picture. How else to keep track of all that’s out there? An optimist is simply a proactive realist. An idealist focuses only on the best aspects of all things (sometimes in detriment to reality); an optimist strives to find an effective solution. A pessimist sees limited or no choices in dark times; an optimist makes choices. When bobbing for apples, an idealist endlessly reaches for the best apple, a pessimist settles for the first one within reach, while an optimist drains the barrel, fishes out all the apples and makes pie. Annoying? Yes. But, oh-so tasty!”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
“People without hope not only don't write novels, but what is more to the point, they don't read them.”
“People, my dear, are little children at heart. We all want to be loved and wanted and cherished. We want to know we matter to others, and they’re glad we’re here. That’s the best gift you can give someone. That’s all really we can ever give. To tell someone else you love them for everything they are and everything they’re not. Don’t underestimate that.”
“Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop.”
“Perhaps a wish was just a hope with better aim.”
“Perhaps it is better to forget your dreams than to remember your nightmares.”
“Perhaps it is worth nothing at all. How can I tell?” he thought, with the heartsickness of a great timidity. Now that he had left it there, it seemed to him so hazardous, so vain, so foolish, to dream that he, a little lad with bare feet, who barely knew his letters, could do anything at which great painters, real artists, could ever deign to look. Yet he took heart as he went by the cathedral: the lordly form of Rubens seemed to rise from the fog and the darkness, and to loom in its magnificence before him, whilst the lips, with their kindly smile, seemed to him to murmur, “Nay, have courage! It was not by a weak heart and by faint fear that I wrote my name for all time upon Antwerp.”
“Perhaps it takes a purer faith to praise God for unrealized blessings than for those we once enjoyed or those we enjoy now.”
“Perhaps what matters when all is said and done is not who puts us down but who picks us up.”
“Perssonally, I don't hope. Never. Hope is addictive and you start to rely on it. In such a cruel world, I will not fall for such deceitful help.”
“Phaedra keeps saying she's being selfish. That she hates herself for it, but she does it anyway. She can't deny herself what she wants, even if it brings about her downfall and his." "And have you learned anything from our literary parallel?" "Not really, I keep thinking that she would do it all over again if there were a chance a chance that it could go right. Even if 99 times out of a 100 the story ends badly, it's worth it if only once she gets a happy ending.”
“Plain Kate greased her boots and bandaged her feet, and soon she would walk like a Roamer born. She helped Drina with the water and the wood, and in the long, wet evenings she carved objarka burji. Plain Kate carved fast and learned slowly. She was bewildered most of the time, but Daj called her mira again, and when she asked Drina what it meant, the girl replied, "It means she likes you. It means your family." Family. It could have kept her walking for a hundred miles. And she did walk far.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“Planting a tree cultivates our spiritual nature. It gifts one hope, pride, and a sense of purpose.”
“Please always remember you only live once. Nothing has meaning without life.”
“Please don't take my wings ”
“Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.”
“Plenty of fish in the sea  But, I won't see you and you won't see me. Until we both sail from, what's not meant to be.”
“Poet Ayoade, the first African immigrant to serve as a nuclear missile operator in the United States Air Force, debuts with an inspirational memoir chronicling his childhood in Nigeria and journey to become a doctor and American citizen. Ayoade, who at the age of seven promised his mother “One day, I will take you far away from here,” details his upbringing with an abusive father and the many family tragedies he endured—along with his dedication to creating a different life: “Underground is my unusual journey from childhood poverty to where I am today. How the impossible became a reality.” Readers will be swept into Ayoade’s vivid recollections of his early years, including his strict education, brushes with death, and a strained relationship with his father. He recounts the family’s passion for American movies that made “America seem like the perfect place,” sparking his desire for a better future, and details his decision to become a veterinarian and eventually pursue a career in the U.S. military to ensure the best life for his family (and future generations). Ayoade’s story is moving, particularly his reconciliation with his father and hard-earned American citizenship, and his message that it’s never too late to chase your dreams resonates. That message will evoke strong emotions for readers as Ayoade highlights the importance of hard work and the benefit of a committed support system, alongside his constant “wishing, praying, and fighting to be free from all the sadness and injustice around me”—a theme that echoes through much of the book, including in his acknowledgement that the fear he experienced as a nuclear missile operator was a “cost of this freedom.” Ayoade’s poetry and personal photographs are sprinkled throughout, illuminating his deep love for family and his ultimate belief in liberty as “The reason for it all./ A foundation for a new generation,/ The best gift to any child.” Takeaway: This stirring memoir documents an immigrant’s fight for the American dream. Great for fans of: Ashley C. Ford’s Somebody's Daughter, Maria Hinojosa’s Once I Was You. Production grades Cover: A- Design and typography: A Illustrations: A Editing: A Marketing copy: A”
“Poets are damned… but see with the eyes of angels.”
“Poets may be the “unacknowledged legislators” but I don’t know if we’re that important. My fear overwhelms me at times; I gave you my fear, a withered gift. You are the true poet of the family. You gave me the cry of a baby in its mother’s arms, cotton candy at the circus, John Cage exhibits at the museum, lying under the light of the full moon. You gave me Fellini films and old Romances, a glass of Burgandy in a darkened restaurant where lovers cling to hope of passion and contentment. You gave me hope and love, but most of all, you gave me poetry.”
“Possibility survives even when all else fails.”
“Pray each morning and each night. Talk to God and be polite. Tell Him what you're grateful for. Leave your troubles at His door. Share your wishes, needs, and hopes. Ask God how to bravely cope. Tell Him all you learned today. Say the things you need to say. Beg forgiveness for your sins. Pray to live with Him again. Speak with earnest heart and soul. He will listen. This I know. For prayer is hope put to the test. And hope is faith in what is best. Faith is power to do great things. Thus, prayer is faith's enabling wings.”
“Pray like it all depends on God, but work like it all depends on you.”
“Pray to God with conviction and hope, he will never let you down. Never give up and fight until your last breath.”
“Pray, hope, and don't worry. Worry is useless. God is merciful and will hear your prayer.”
“Prayer did not rescue Jesus from the cross; it instead prepared Him for it; it did not not remove the darkness ahead; it provided hope in the dark. Prayer did not shield Jesus from betrayal; instead, it covered Him from despair. We know that Jesus had a lot going against Him, but in prayer, a higher power was at work for Him. This power would not only make Him victorious, but banish fear from His heart as well.”
“Prayer gives you hope that the One greater than you listen to your cries and is able to answer at the right time.”
“Prayer is not an act of desperation. Rather, it is an act that acknowledges all other acts as desperate.”
“Problems react differently with different emotions: - Problem + anxiety = bigger problem - Problem + fear = disaster - Problem + hope = solution”
“Prometheus tapped the lid of Pandora’s jar. “Only one spirit remained inside when Pandora opened it.” “Hope,” I said. Prometheus looked pleased. “Very good, Percy. Elpis, the Spirit of Hope, would not abandon humanity. Hope does not leave without being given permission. She can only be released by a child of man.”
“Putting your time in at the office; dutifully spawning your two point five; smiling politely at your retirement party; then chewing on your bedsheet and choking on your canned peaches at the nursing home. It was better never to have been born-never to have wanted anything, never to have hoped for anything.”
“Quickly capturing fleeting dark scenes, we bring others toward our galaxy’s light. We’d carry your hearts of pain there  to paint them onto the night sky; stars live knowing that hope exists within these moments of despair. - #TranslationsOfHope”
“Race and racism are power constructs of the modern world. For roughly two hundred thousand years, before race and racism were constructed in the fifteenth century, humans saw color but did not group the colors into continental races, did not commonly attach negative and positive characteristics to those colors and rank the races to justify racial inequity, to reinforce racist power and policy. Racism is not even six hundred years old. It’s a cancer that we’ve caught early. But racism is one of the fastest-spreading and most fatal cancers humanity has ever known. It is hard to find a place where its cancer cells are not dividing and multiplying. There is nothing I see in our world today, in our history, giving me hope that one day antiracists will win the fight, that one day the flag of antiracism will fly over a world of equity. What gives me hope is a simple truism. Once we lose hope, we are guaranteed to lose. But if we ignore the odds and fight to create an antiracist world, then we give humanity a chance to one day survive, a chance to live in communion, a chance to be forever free.”
“Rafe made people find something in themselves (he) made me dream, he saw what I could hope to be, and helped me hope it. He did that to everyone he knew - especially the ones he knew the best." - Danny”
“Read this to yourself. Read it silently. Don't move your lips. Don't make a sound. Listen to yourself. Listen without hearing anything. What a wonderfully weird thing, huh? NOW MAKE THIS PART LOUD! SCREAM IT IN YOUR MIND! DROWN EVERYTHING OUT. Now, hear a whisper. A tiny whisper. Now, read this next line in your best crotchety- old man voice: "Hello there, sonny. Does your town have a post office?" Awesome! Who was that? Whose voice was that? It sure wasn't yours! How do you do that? How?! It must've been magic.”
“Reader, do you think it is a terrible thing to hope when there is really no reason to hope at all? Or is it (as the soldier said about happiness) something that you might just as well do, since, in the end, it really makes no difference to anyone but you?”
“Reality is, Hope and Despair lie in the same places. And they're just a matter of perspective. What changed my perspective, was her.”
“Realizing the seriously ruthless, venomous habits and agendas of evil always instills a more fierce passion and longing for a closer God. Men, out of pride, may claim their own authorities over what constitutes good and evil; they may self-proclaim a keen knowledge of subjective morality through religion or science. But that is only if they are acknowledging the work of evil as a cartoon-like, petty little rain cloud in the sky that merely wants to dampen one's spirits. On the contrary, a man could be without a doubt lit with the strength, the peace, and the knowledge of the gods, his gods, but when or if the devils grow weary in unsuccessful attempts to torment him, they begin tormenting his loved ones, or, if not his loved ones, anyone who may attempt to grasp his philosophies. No matter how godly he may become, God is, in the end, his only hope and his only grace for the pressures built around him - it is left up to a higher authority and a more solid peace and a wider love to eclipse not just one's own evils but all evils for goodness to ultimately matter. If all men were gods, each being would dwell in a separate prison cell, hopeless, before finally imploding into nothingness.”
“Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
“Rebellions are built on hope.”
“Recognize, each one may have their door in a different place, but know that. Every one [has a door].”
“Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.”
“Regardless of one's destination, all roads lead home.”
“Relationships with narcissists are held in place by hope of a “someday better,” with little evidence to support it will ever arrive.”
“Religion may give you something to believe in, and even something to do. But in the end it is not enough. We do not need 'something' as desperately as we need 'Someone.' We need more than religion. We need Christ - Christ within us, the hope of glory. We need more than religion. We need a living relationship with the Son of God - a daily communion, a close walk, a life of love.”
“Remain faithful to the earth, my brothers, with the power of your virtue. Let your gift-giving love and your knowledge serve the meaning of the earth. Thus I beg and beseech you. Do not let them fly away from earthly things and beat with their wings against eternal walls. Alas, there has always been so much virtue that has flown away. Lead back to the earth the virtue that flew away, as I do—back to the body, back to life, that it may give the earth a meaning, a human meaning.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.”
“Remember, God created us because He wanted a relationship with us. Go read Psalm 139 if you are doubting that. God knew you before you were formed in your mother’s womb, He saw you, He has always had a plan for you, and your life was written in His book before you took your first breath.”
“Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.”
“Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well.”
“Remember, when we spend our time trying to measure up, striving to paint a picture of ourselves in order to feel accepted or to impress others or to be liked, we will always feel empty. That’s the world’s way to live. But when we fill ourselves with eternal truth that we can stand on forever, we will walk taller, live more boldly, and be steadfast in the knowledge of who we are because of who God is in us.”
“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”
“Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment. ”
“Remove this quote from your collection “Human forgiveness is 5 things: 1. I won’t seek revenge on you. 2. I won’t remind you of who your really are. 3. I won’t treat you the way you treated me. 4. I will release the pain as opportunities allow. 5. I won’t let your actions shape my character. It does NOT mean: 1. I have to Trust you again. 2. I approve of your actions. 3. Your character is a reflection of me. 4. I am weak. 5. My hope lies within you.”
“Resilience, in a sense, is applied optimism.”
“Rien ne va arrêter ma quête pour te trouver" No one will stop my quest to find you.”
“Right before he left, he said something I’ll never forget. He said that no matter how hard it got, I should continue to hope, because no matter how dark the night became, how bleak the blackness that fell, the dawn would come. Sometimes early, sometimes late, but it would always come.” (Page 49)”
“Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!”
“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”
“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
“Running straight into whatever trap is laid out is not a plan. Hope is not a plan.”
“SMILE! You are NOT on camera!”
“STOP BELIEVING EVERYTHING YOU THINK”
“Sad things happen in life. They just do. But so do happy things.”
“Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.”
“Saving You The darkness takes him over, the sickness pulls him in; his eyes—a blown out candle, I wish to go with him. Sometimes I see a flicker— a light that shone from them; I hold him to me tightly, before he's gone again.”
“Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want ”
“Scars prove that you're still here. That you can move on. Maybe missing a chunk of yourself, but here, goddamn it, surviving.”
“Scientifically, I know beginnings don't exist. The world is made of energy, which is neither created or destroyed. Everything she is was here before me. Everything she was will remain. Her existence touches both my past and my future at one point- infinity. Lifelines aren't lines at all. They are more like circles. Its safe to start anywhere and the story will curve its way back to the starting point. Eventually. In other words, it doesn't matter where I begin. It doesn't change the end.”
“Sea urchins have protective, mobile spines. Laura now has all the protection she needs, coming from within.”
“Second Confrontation With The Limp. Today while ascending the escalators, In the crowd of thousands of spectators, The limp appeared once again, With similar signature of pain and strain, And the drag with which he pulled his right foot, Today seemed shorter than half a foot, He appeared to be moving in a definite direction, Without any doubts or dereliction, As I was ascending the escalator, He was descending the stairs one at a time , like a helpless procrastinator, And there I caught a glimpse of human emotion, A feeling of surging and pristinely humane sensation, A man who must have been in his mid sixties and ascending the escalator beside me, With side parted grey hair and a composed look that even skies longed to see, Caught the sight of the limp holding his bag in his left hand, While he held his right leg with his right hand and pushed it to the next step, to maintain balance and anyhow stand, He descended the stairs with caution, one step at a time, And the left leg, was in complete denial to rhyme, With the floundering right foot supported by his ankle high shoes, But there was nothing to cover or hide his face bearing the painful blues, The man looked at him and turned to see him again and again, Then without making it obvious, he removed his spectacles and cleared his tears, as he revived his look simple and plain, But it seemed he missed a heart beat when he saw the man limping in the crowd, A rush of emotion crossed him and surged his existence and for anyone equally sensitive, it was silent yet very loud, His feelings of sympathy were displayed all over his face, The sadness that he managed to hide with a synthetic grace, Failed in preventing him to constantly turn his head and look at the limping man, Perhaps it reminded him of someone dear or he felt a fellow human beings pain culminating in the form of the limping man, And he quietly wept and maybe felt deeply sorry for the limp and his relentless dragging, For whatever reason the limp too turned and looked back, and both were locked in a momentary emotional tugging, Where the limp gently smiled and bowed a bit, The man tried to smile too but he couldn't, so he lifted his hand slowly and waved it at him, as if to tell him, keep walking, never stop or sit, And then both pursued, rather were lured by their destinies, One ascending, the other one descending, with their own dreams, own hopes and a bunch of certainties, The man must be where he ought to be, the limp too might be at his destination now, But today both of them conquered their destinies with that humbling and simple bow!”
“Secretly, he hoped. He hoped, he hoped, he hoped. For now, that was enough.”
“Seen politically, systems follow one another, each consuming the previous one. They live on ever-bequeathed and ever-disappointed hope, which never entirely fades. Its spark is all that survives, as it eats its way along the blasting fuse. For this spark, history is merely an occasion, never a goal.”
“Self discovery is the most empowering time of your life, you remember who you are and you become the best version of yourself but what they forget to tell you is, to get to a point of pleasure you must face the pain.”
“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
“Sermons frequently refer to the apostles of Christ as poor, uneducated tradesmen. But three of the Twelve, Matthew, John, and Peter, wrote some of the world’s all-time best-selling literature. The apostles were more than just literate; Jesus called them scribes “who [had] been trained for the kingdom of heaven . . . like a master of a house, who brings out of his treasure what is new and what is old” (Matt 13:52). It would be surprising if the disciples ignored this and failed to take notes during Jesus’ ministry.”
“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
“She bewitches you," Trevanion said. "And she is yours for the taking. Any fool can see that. So take her and get whatever needs to be gotten out of your system."   "Maybe you are right, Trevanion," he said, turning back to his father. "But it is her hope that bewitches me, and that hope I may never get out of my system, no matter how many times she's to be gotten . Can you not see it burning in her eyes? Does it not make you want to look away when you have none to give in return? Her hope fills me with  something other than this dull weight I wake with each morning.”
“She cannot chain my soul. Yes, she could hurt me. She'd already done so I would bleed, or not. Scar, or not. Live, or not. But she could not hurt my soul, not unless I gave it to her.”
“She comforted him in his darkness and gave him hope. She seemed to cherish a sincere affection for him, despite his failings. 'She saved me'.”
“She did not care about anything very much. Hope was gone. She existed that was all.”
“She felt the depth of her losses before they were realized, and she wondered, Is there still hope? Did she even dare hold on to such a tenuous thing as hope?”
“She got herself a cup of coffee and watched the setting sun from the corner of her eyes leaning against his back. The diamond ring shone in her navel like a chandelier of hope.”
“She had more of me then I had of myself. We were both wild birds chasing the stars. We’d lose our way and find new places, close our eyes and fall back towards a constellation of dreams. We wrapped ourselves in a blanket of passion and each night we fell deeper without control, into this strange space called love.”
“She hoped that he would argue with her- she hoped that he would fight for her. She hoped despite everything that he would choose her.”
“She knew then that white was more than a color: It was a cold, pale shade of understanding that seems to take all of your hope away.”
“She let her mind tailor a seam across the hem of her life as he sold her a fantasy, offered her a charkha on which to weave hope. “You have done well not to bend to the burden of your fears because it can splinter dreams,” said the man called Rodrigo.”
“She looked at him out of the corner of her eye, admiring his broad shoulders, his confident stride, and prayed her lies would not take him from her.”
“She mourns for the future, as the past has taught her. And yet there is a rejoicing in her, persistent and unbidden as the beating of her heart.”
“She needed the chaos within her in order to discover the extraordinary no man could ever reach.”
“She needs to know she wasn’t weak. She needs to know she was strong enough to survive and they didn’t because she was strong enough to hold on until help could arrive. It will help her heal.”
“She said, "Today, today, today. Today feels green. There's still some blue, but that's life, I think. Sometimes it can be a forest. Other times it's an ocean. But we float, don't we? Along the surface. I always thought so, even when I was drowning. There's a song I like. An old one." And remarkably, she started singing. "Sometimes I float along the river, for to its surface I am bound. And there are times stones done fill my pockets, oh Lord, and it's into this river I drown.”
“She stood for a moment looking up at the stars, so far, so many, bright and cold. And with a faint smile she thought: ‘I wonder which is my lucky star!”
“She told me, “We’ve all been through a lot, Bryan, all of us. I know that some have been through more than others. But if we don’t expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from the hurt we experience, we are surely doomed.”
“She wants to believe in Fate, wants to believe there is a reason for everything. That they were supposed to leave now. That no time has been lost. That a bigger purpose will be revealed in the end. But Malorie doesn't think this way p.81”
“She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”
“She was a dreamer and a schemer & one didnt dream and scheme without hope.”
“She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.”
“She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.”
“She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.”
“She was famous, and she was insane. Her voice soared out over the audience, holding them spellbound and enraptured, delivering their hopes and fears tangled in chords and rhythm. They called her an angel, her voice a gift. She was famous, and she was a liar.”
“She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved.”
“She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart.”
“She wondered that hope was so much harder then despair.”
“She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave. Or so she'd thought.”
“She, a beacon of grace and forgiveness, and I, a flawed soul seeking redemption.”
“Shedding a tear [alone] is to see what others do not see.”
“She’d always believed in me, encouraged me. I could trust her with my dreams and hopes.”
“She…hoped. And hope was dangerous. Hope was the most vicious evil of them all, the thing that had managed to thrive in Pandora’s box among misery, and disease, and sadness—and what could endure alongside others with such teeth if it didn’t have ghastly claws of its own?”
“Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars”
“Should the king in exile pretend he is happy there? Should he not seek his own country? His miseries are his ally; they urge him on. Let them grow, if need be. But do not forsake the secret of life; do not despise those kingly desires. We abandon the most important journey of our lives when we abandon desire. We leave our hearts by the side of the road and head off in the direction of fitting in, getting by, being productive, what have you. Whatever we might gain – money, position, the approval of others, or just absence of the discontent self – it’s not worth it.”
“Should we continue to look upwards? Is the light in the sky one of those which will presently be extinguished? The idea is terrifying to behold, lost as it is in the depths, small, isolated, a pin-point, brilliant but threatened on all sides by the dark forces that surround it: nevertheless, no more in danger than a star in the jaws of the clouds.”
“Should we continue to look upwards? Is the light we can see in the sky one of those which will presently be extinguished? The ideal is terrifying to behold  brilliant but threatened on all sides by the dark forces that surround it: nevertheless, no more in danger than a star in the jaws of the clouds.”
“Shouldn’t plans be constantly under review?”
“Show me one who is sick and yet happy, in peril and yet happy, dying and yet happy, in exile and happy, in disgrace and happy. Show him me. By the gods I would fain see a Stoic. Nay you cannot show me a finished Stoic; then show me one in the moulding, one who has set his feet on the path”
“Sierra felt full of hope and confidence in God. She knew who she was. And she knew Whose she was. Whatever mysterious plan God had for her life, it would be an interesting one. As Christy had said earlier, God writes a different story for each person. Sierra decided hers might not be a bestseller or even a thriller. It certainly wasn't a romance. But it was turning into a fine mystery. And she could live with that.”
“Silent. So it should be. You have no place in this world, Luthiel. And there is no other.' Zalos reached out and lifted a few strands of her hair. 'Bright songs and the magic of hope are but a dangerous illusion. The fake comfort of witches charms.”
“Silly considering we barely have a fraction of what we need, but that's what hope does. It lifts you up when everything else is dragging you down, down, down.”
“Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!”
“Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other”
“Sip a cup of tea slowly and slide into a sleep that carries you back to those softer days when I cradled you in the curves of my consistency.”
“Sir Topher finally looked up. “Because any hope beyond that, my boy, would be too much. I feared we would drown in it.” "Then I choose to drown,” Finnikin said. “In hope. Rather than float into nothing.”
“Sister - if all this is true, what could I do or undo?”
“Skill without hope and tenacity comes to nought.”
“Smile and hoard the time that is coming the wind has a sense the whirlwind too smile at the treasure”
“So Tawang it was for three summers. Three spectacular summers, new friendships and an accidental adventure that is still fresh in my mind. Tawang was and is special in so many ways. Ten thousand feet above sea level, home to the oldest monastery in Asia, with clouds that floated right into the military barracks.”
“So by being active, you become more hopeful?" "Well, you have it both ways. You won't be active unless you hope that your action is going to do some good. So you need hope to get you going, but then by taking action, you generate more hope. It's a circular thing.”
“So don't be frightened, dear friend, if a sadness confronts you larger than any you have ever known, casting its shadow over all you do. You must think that something is happening within you, and remember that life has not forgotten you; it holds you in its hand and will not let you fall. Why would you want to exclude from your life any uneasiness, any pain, any depression, since you don't know what work they are accomplishing within you?”
“So dry your tears. Fortune has not yet turned her hatred against all your blessings. The storm has not yet broken upon you with too much violence. Your anchors are holding firm and they permit you both comfort in the present, and hope in the future.”
“So much of how we think, feel, and live depends on our vision-what we choose to see in any given situation.”
“So much of managing in society is keeping one's chin up," Tessa added carefully, [ ] and disregarding the ignorant things people say".”
“So odd a pair, she and he. A duet in code and electron. Age and youth and cynicism and hope. He is quicker than her - more learned by far. But she. She is unafraid. Too young to know failure and the fear it brings. She takes him places he would not have explored by himself. She is catalyst. She is chaos. I can see why he loves her.”
“So this is my cue of where to leave you. Now it's your story to retell and pass on. Because an idea is only relevant if it's being thought upon. So remember, never surrender.'Cause the unrelenting constancy of love and hope will rescue and restore from any scope.”
“Soar higher on the wings of failures and setbacks.”
“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed. Light flooded in. And with it, hope.”
“Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.”
“Solitude becomes powerful in its richness for the senses are heightened, transforming you from a mere insensitive flesh to a softened soul, so you live a scented life, drunkenly intoxicated, and every unanswered prayer is made peace with, every unsightly detail is turned to a piece of beauty .”
“Some concepts are merely ephemeral. To the allwise, no mystery. To the immortal, no pain. To the human, no hope To the universe, no purpose.”
“Some day soon," Lance said, "you'll walk out of here and have to decide how you're going to live the rest of your lives. Will you be defined by what other people see, or by the essence of your soul?”
“Some day. The most hopeful phrase in man’s language, the most promising in his thoughts, the most unfulfilled.”
“Some of us walk around with a necklace of hope, an armour of sanity, but at the end of the day, they always come off. We reveal our naked, vulnerable, real selves.”
“Some people aren't meant to fight. They're meant to pick up the pieces.”
“Some people us language to describe the lives they lead, and other people use language to create the lives they lead.”
“Some things only become possible once you truly believe they can. Some things only become visible once you truly believe they are. Some things only come to pass once you truly believe they will.”
“Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!”
“Some weeks some months some years are bad ones, but it can take just one day to turn it around. One day or a story.”
“Some were filled with pride. Some were filled with hope. Some were filled rage. But all of them screamed”
“Someone has put a huge sign across the World Financial Center reading WE WILL NEVER FORGET. It ripples gently in the wind above a thrirty-foot-wide American flag. I appreciate this sentiment, and the fact that it has been stated in twenty-foot-tall lettering. But I can't help thinking, we do forget. Ultimately, we find that it is almost always in our interest to do so, for our own benefit as a society.”
“Someone thinking about correcting measures even before initiating action is bound to fail. The efforts never take speed due to being pulled back by a lack of confidence.”
“Something in my chest flutters like a bird whose wings are being gripped still by the firmest fingers.”
“Something stirred inside her that felt like hope — the kind of hope a lottery ticket held just before you checked its numbers.”
“Something that had been stolen from her - but whatever it was- hope maybe, or joy - it had been buried long before it could flower.”
“Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.”
“Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.”
“Sometimes I am so desperately worn by life that I want nothing more than to hear a robin call out into the darkened chill of life’s morning. And I need that as its call assures me that the soothing warmth of spring is hot on winter’s chilled heels. And so desperate was I that this morning God gave me a flock of them.”
“Sometimes I can feel ..the sigh of my soul beneath the weight.. of the desires .still unmet sometimes I can feel  the tightness in my bones at the thought  of the lives I have not lived ”
“Sometimes I can feel the sigh of my soul beneath the weight of the desires still unmet. Sometimes I can feel the tightness in my bones at the thought of the lives I have not lived.”
“Sometimes I hear people saying nothing has changed, but for someone to grow up the way I grew up in the cotton fields of Alabama to now be serving in the United States Congress makes me want to tell them come and walk in my shoes. Come walk in the shoes of those who were attacked by police dogs, fire hoses and nightsticks, arrested and taken to jail.”
“Sometimes I think Earth has got to be the insane asylum of the universe. . . and I'm here by computer error. At sixty-eight, I hope I've gained some wisdom in the past fourteen lustrums and it’s obligatory to speak plain and true about the conclusions I've come to; now that I have been educated to believe by such mentors as Wells, Stapledon, Heinlein, van Vogt, Clarke, Pohl, (S. Fowler) Wright, Orwell, Taine, Temple, Gernsback, Campbell and other seminal influences in scientifiction, I regret the lack of any female writers but only Radclyffe Hall opened my eyes outside sci-fi. I was a secular humanist before I knew the term. I have not believed in God since childhood's end. I believe a belief in any deity is adolescent, shameful and dangerous. How would you feel, surrounded by billions of human beings taking Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, the tooth fairy and the stork seriously, and capable of shaming, maiming or murdering in their name? I am embarrassed to live in a world retaining any faith in church, prayer or a celestial creator. I do not believe in Heaven, Hell or a Hereafter; in angels, demons, ghosts, goblins, the Devil, vampires, ghouls, zombies, witches, warlocks, UFOs or other delusions; and in very few mundane individuals--politicians, lawyers, judges, priests, militarists, censors and just plain people. I respect the individual's right to abortion, suicide and euthanasia. I support birth control. I wish to Good that society were rid of smoking, drinking and drugs. My hope for humanity - and I think sensible science fiction has a beneficial influence in this direction - is that one day everyone born will be whole in body and brain, will live a long life free from physical and emotional pain, will participate in a fulfilling way in their contribution to existence, will enjoy true love and friendship, will pity us 20th century barbarians who lived and died in an atrocious, anachronistic atmosphere of arson, rape, robbery, kidnapping, child abuse, insanity, murder, terrorism, war, smog, pollution, starvation and the other negative “norms” of our current civilization. I have devoted my life to amassing over a quarter million pieces of sf and fantasy as a present to posterity and I hope to be remembered as an altruist who would have been an accepted citizen of Utopia.”
“Sometimes I wish I could go back to when I was younger, when the future was filled with hope and possibility. I love it. I really love it so much. I often try to convince myself that I am back—that I’m in my youth and my family and friends are around me, and we’re all looking forward to the future.”
“Sometimes I wish the Assassin would return to Florence, that we might be free of this tyranny.”
“Sometimes all you can do is laugh.”
“Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.”
“Sometimes it's easy to lose faith in people. And sometimes one act of kindness is all it takes to give you hope again.”
“Sometimes memory is the only gift we give ourselves and the only hope we have of finding our way home.”
“Sometimes my fancy gets to floating inside me, threatening to carry me away like a leaf on a wind. Better to be a stone.”
“Sometimes pain is the only memory that what we had was real.”
“Sometimes people flash into your life like a shooting star and remind you of all the possibilities that exist.”
“Sometimes people need to know they could be forgiven to have the strength to change.”
“Sometimes that which we fear strengthens our spirit and gives us a splash of hope.”
“Sometimes the greatest gift you can give yourself give the situation give the world is to keep trying, keep naming, calling, keep the struggle alive, keep hope alive. And sometimes the greatest gift you can give yourself give the situation give the world is to just let go.”
“Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.”
“Sometimes the universe gives signs, it foreshadows. It warns. Sometimes coming events cast their shadows before.Momentously happy ones too. But sometimes those signs are just our hearts wanting something so desperately that we project them. All things said, this whole reading-the-signs business can be tricky as hell.”
“Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.”
“Sometimes we create such powerful illusions, so that we do not get lost in the darkness.”
“Sometimes we don't understand why hard things happen to us, but we have to trust that it's for a greater reason. That good can still come out of it even when it hurts.”
“Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.”
“Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy. So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
“Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope”
“Sometimes you feel that you are losing everything and nothing is working as per your expectations and this is the time when you need to understand that somewhere someone is working for your dreams and soon everything will be better”
“Sometimes you gots to choose what you see. And sometimes God uses broken things to save us.”
“Sometimes, I witness moments of such outstanding beauty that I keep them to myself. Not as an act of greed. I— I just think my description would never do them justice.”
“Sometimes, it's the smallest things that can change everything when you least expect it.”
“Sometimes, the only way to make things better is to believe they will be.”
“Sometimes, when I'm careless, I think survival is easy: you just keep moving forward with what you have, or what's left of what you were given, until something changes - or you realize, at last, that you can change without disappearing, that all you had to do was wait until the storm passes you over and you find that - yes - your name is still attached to a living thing.”
“Sometimes, when love has flown or is absent, when life knocks us to the ground and won't let us get back up, hope may be all we have left to cling to.”
“Sometimes, wishes come true in strange ways.”
“Sometimes, you don’t need reasons; you just need a reason to have those reasons. And hope gives you that.”
“Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.”
“Somewhere fate laughs in her far-off country, because now I am the human and it is Grace I will lose again and again, immer wieder, always the same, every winter, losing more of her each year, unless I find a cure.”
“Sorrow comes in great waves—no one can know that better than you—but it rolls over us, and though it may almost smother us it leaves us on the spot and we know that if it is strong we are stronger, inasmuch as it passes and we remain.”
“Sorrow is inevitable. Hope is optional.”
“Sorry Johnny." "Sorry for what " "For shouting at you. It's just that when I think about the future I keep panicking. It's like falling from the top of the stairs in the dark not knowing where I'll end up." He put his arm around my shoulders. "I understand. Life is precarious for most of us but more so for you. What you forget is what most of your friends see in you." "What's that " "The ability to beat the odds " "And fall on my feet " He nodded. "I just hope that lasts." "It will Catkin it will. It wouldn't dare fail you.”
“Southern California, which is shaped somewhat like a coffin, is a giant sanatorium with flowers where people come to be cured of life itself in whatever way  . This is the last stop before the sun gives up and sinks into the black, black ocean, and night - usually starless here - comes down.”
“Speak to yourself with clarity, Speak to yourself with confidence, Speak to yourself with faith and all the intelligence.”
“Stability was overrated. Crises and adventures, on the other hand, could actually teach you something.”
“Stalin was like a shrewd old wolf of the north Siberian forest. Understanding nothing outside his own experience, he never forgot what happened to himself.”
“Standing up for your human rights is what you must always do.”
“Staring at a world too horrible to comprehend, believing -- by dint of ignorance and innocence -- that beneath this unbearable contract of guilt and blame there is always an older contract that may bind and release in a more salutary way.”
“Stay beautiful Like the light you are And shine between us”
“Step forward in faith, rather living in pray & hope.”
“Still I want to feast in the ritual of living. To feel the day breathe me in until I become weightless. To cling to my faith like dew cleaves to daylight. I want to be charmed by life's hope-to let the heaviness of this world drift as lost ships in undisturbed seas-I want to saunter purposefully, until I find that soft thing that defines me." "The Silence in us”
“Still we shall have to try,' said Frodo. 'It's no worse than I expected. I never hoped to get across. I can't see any hope of it now. But I've still got to do the best I can.”
“Stink bugs are temporary. Love is forever.”
“Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard   " More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.”
“Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.”
“Stories migrate secretly. The assumption that whatever we now believe is just common sense, or what we always knew, is a way to save face. It's also a way to forget the power of a story and of a storyteller, the power in the margins, and the potential for change.”
“Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.”
“Strengthen my heart To keep speaking what I know is true Even when it hurts And brings pain I must go through.” —From the poem ‘Offering”
“Success may not have been ‘around the corner,’ but the fact that I persisted until I was is success.”
“Suddenly I remembered that laugh, it told a different story, our story.”
“Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.”
“Suffering has been a great teacher, cultivating and culturing our conduct. It develops and refines sensibilities, teaches humility and in more than one way, prepares humans to be able to turn to God. It awakens the need for search and exploration and creates that necessity which is the mother of all inventions. Remove suffering as a causative factor in developing man's potential and the wheel of progress would turn back a hundred thousand times. Man may try his hand at altering the plan of things, but frustration would be all he will achieve. Thus, the question of apportioning blame for the existence of suffering upon the Creator should not arise. Suffering, to play its subtle creative role in the scheme of things, is indeed a blessing in disguise.”
“Summertime. It was a song. It was a season. I wondered if that season would ever live inside of me.”
“Sunset is the only therapy I need. There is something magical about it, it makes you feel things. And with every new sunset that feeling is always different. And the beutiful thing is that no matter what you feel, as long as you feel, you are living and that is all that matters.”
“T is not too late to seek a newer world. Push off, and sitting well in order smite The sounding furrows; for my purpose holds To sail beyond the sunset, and the baths Of all the western stars, until I die. It may be that the gulfs will wash us down: It may be we shall touch the Happy Isles, And see the great Achilles, whom we knew. Tho’ much is taken, much abides; and tho’ We are not now that strength which in old days Mov’d earth and heaven, that which we are, we are: One equal temper of heroic hearts, Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.”
“THE ANXIETY ROAD TO FREEDOM IS DOTTED WITH MANY TEMPTING PARKING SPACES SO KEEP DRIVING FORWARD.”
“THE VOID hates creation. if you ever hear call of the lonesome train with sad days ahead do not forget this direct response at your fingertips: CREATE SOMETHING. anything. even if no buds ever know. this is powerful rebuke against the vast nothing and pushes back to say I AM HERE”
“TIME: The Long Journey It occurred to me that a life well lived takes courage to tell  When one sees beyond knowing there is no beginning and no end, only an undeniable presence of something greater than self. We understand the greater self is God. Sometimes, I feel, God presents us with sorrow to show us there is hope for tomorrow. When you touch another soul all souls unite and live as one spirit alive in the universe. God blesses us in unseen ways daily. The time we share is our history. Your endearing journey touches lives needing the love only you can give. ___Cecilia Kaelin”
“TO BE HOPEFUL in bad times is not just foolishly romantic. It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness. What we choose to emphasize in this complex history will determine our lives. If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something. If we remember those times and places—and there are so many—where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act, and at least the possibility of sending this spinning top of a world in a different direction. And if we do act, in however small a way, we don’t have to wait for some grand utopian future. The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.”
“Taggle, meanwhile, made himself popular, killing rats and bringing a rabbit into camp every evening, preening in the praise - silently, thank god, though at night, he recounted choice bits to Kate: "Rye Baro says I am a princeling; he split the leg bone for me so that I could eat the marrow. They love me. And I'm sure they'll keep you, too." Mira, she thought, and treasured it each time she heard it, They must keep me. Family.”
“Take a chance , change a 'NO' to a 'YES'today.”
“Take a shower. Wash away every trace of yesterday. Of smells. Of weary skin. Get dressed. Make coffee, windows open, the sun shining through. Hold the cup with two hands and notice that you feel the feeling of warmth.   You still feel warmth. Now sit down and get to work. Keep your mind sharp, head on, eyes on the page and if small thoughts of worries fight their ways into your consciousness: threw them off like fires in the night and keep your eyes on the track. Nothing but the task in front of you. Get off your chair in the middle of the day. Put on your shoes and take a long walk on open streets around people. Notice how they’re all walking, in a hurry, or slowly. Smiling, laughing, or eyes straight forward, hurried to get to wherever they’re going. And notice how you’re just one of them. Not more, not less. Find comfort in the way you’re just one in the crowd. Your worries: no more, no less. Go back home. Take the long way just to not pass the liquor store. Don’t buy the cigarettes. Go straight home. Take off your shoes. Wash your hands. Your face. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. It’s still beating. Still fighting. Now get back to work. Work with your mind sharp and eyes focused and if any thoughts of worries or hate or sadness creep their ways around, shake them off like a runner in the night for you own your mind, and you need to tame it. Focus. Keep it sharp on track, nothing but the task in front of you. Work until your eyes are tired and head is heavy, and keep working even after that. Then take a shower, wash off the day. Drink a glass of water. Make the room dark. Lie down and close your eyes. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. Still beating. Still fighting. You made it, after all. You made it, another day. And you can make it one more.  You’re doing just fine. You’re doing fine. I’m doing just fine.”
“Take it one step at a time, surround yourself with positivity, create a vision, make achievable goals, reward yourself, and believe in yourself.”
“Tam Lin says rabbits give up when they're caught by coyotes [ ]. He says they consent to die because their animals and can't understand hope. But humans are different. They fight against death no matter how bad things seem, and sometimes, even when everything's against them, they win.”
“Tears fall like liquid leaves into the streams and full, autumn-coloured rivers of our blood And liquid leaves become crystal in our winter fortress before they flow shifting, changing rich red by grace of autumn and fertile in the spring”
“Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.”
“Tell me there is still good in the world. Tell me there is still hope for all of us.”
“Tell me what’s the difference between hope and waiting because my heart doesn’t know It constantly cuts itself on the glass of waiting It constantly gets lost in the fog of hope”
“Thank goodness for the first snow, it was a reminder--no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered.”
“That is what I'm looking for every time I flip to the back of a book, compulsively checking for proof that in a life where so many things have gone wrong, there can be beauty too. That there is always hope, no matter what.”
“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
“That night she listened to the Nirvana album again. In Kurt Cobain's voice, Irene heard a perfect and beautiful misery, a voice stretched so thin with loneliness and wanting that it should break. But his voice didn't break, and there was a kind of joy in it too.”
“That night, was not an unusual night at all. Although it was quiet and still, Daniela sat, keeping vigil. A single star swam, brighter than the rest, in the cosmos. And then, it plummeted softly, like a bird settling on Earth. Daniela drew the curtain again, and crouched in the fetal position, slept as best she could. Even the air smelled foreign.”
“That was all a man needed: hope. It was lack of hope that discouraged a man.”
“That was how it always was with Colleen: No matter how sad she felt, there was always this little bit of hope - like a speck of glitter caught in your eyelash - that never went away, no matter what.”
“That was the thing about storms. When you were in the middle of them, they felt so powerful. They felt as if they were driving your life, and you were left with no control over the way the winds blew you. That was why it was so important to have a core group of love surrounding you at all times. When you faced the storms together, when you held the hands of the ones you loved, and stood steady, the storms had a harder time pushing you over. The storms didn’t blow you away because you were linked to the world with love, the most powerful weapon that could be used during the mightiest of storms. And when the storm passed? You were left standing with the ones you loved, staring out at the rainbows.”
“That was their way, their heathenish hope; deep in their hearts they remembered hell.”
“That which causes us trials shall yield us triumph: and that which make our hearts ache shall fill us with gladness. The only true happiness is to learn, to advance, and to improve: which could not happen unless we had commenced with error, ignorance, and imperfection. We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.”
“That would be the death of anyone - to recognize false hopes with a certainty. One mustn't know that. If it is offered, refuse!”
“That's everyone's dream, isn't it, really? Instead of many who give you little pieces of themselves-one who gives you everything.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gift it holds can come to light.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gifts it holds can come to light.”
“That’s the problem with letting the light in—after it’s been taken away from you, it feels even darker than it was before. ”
“That’s the thing about love It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person”
“That’s what winter is: an exercise in remembering how to still yourself then how to come pliantly back to life again.”
“The Beginning of Change Always start with a glimpse of hope”
“The Bible might say things that are hard to embrace at times. But to not embrace them is certain to make life hard all of the time.”
“The Christian commitment is a journey inviting multiple conversions.”
“The Christian life is not easy. No responsible person ever said it was. It is a battle all the way. But it is a battle that will be won. And when it is won, we who have triumphed will cast our crowns at the feet of the Lord Jesus Christ, who worked in us to accomplish victory, and we will praise Him forever.”
“The Christian says, 'Creatures are not born with desires unless satisfaction for those desires exists. A baby feels hunger: well, there is such a thing as food. A duckling wants to swim: well, there is such a thing as water. Men feel sexual desire: well, there is such a thing as sex. If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world. If none of my earthly pleasures satisfy it, that does not prove that the universe is a fraud. Probably earthly pleasures were never meant to satisfy it, but only to arouse it, to suggest the real thing. If that is so, I must take care, on the one hand, never to despise, or to be unthankful for, these earthly blessings, and on the other, never to mistake them for the something else of which they are only a kind of copy, or echo, or mirage. I must keep alive in myself the desire for my true country, which I shall not find till after death; I must never let it get snowed under or turned aside; I must make it the main object of life to press on to that country and to help others to do the same.”
“The Cosmos is cold, capricious, and cruel. But God is love. Nature is bloody in tooth and claw. But God is love. The mountaineers’ axiom is true: The mountains don’t care. But God is love. Thus I pray to God, not the Universe.”
“The Earth tries to teach us every day the privilege we have been granted to live on it. It has tried repeatedly to put up back in line with its vicious storms, spewing lava, viruses, and plagues. Is it by choice that we that we remain ignorant? Inevitably - pissed off - perhaps with our careless disregard of all it has offered us, and after all the warnings it is willing to put forth, it will one day unleash its wrath and show us all what it is capable of, and just how insignificant we are. What if it gives us a second chance to thrive again and do it right? Do we embrace it, taking flight like a beautiful butterfly leaving its cocoon, or do we tangle ourselves into a web once more, and let the spider devour us?”
“The Fourteenth Book is entitled, "What can a Thoughtful Man Hope for Mankind on Earth, Given the Experience of the Past Million Years?" It doesn't take long to read The Fourteenth Book. It consists of one word and a period. This is it: "Nothing.”
“The German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche, who had syphilis, said that only a person of deep faith could afford the luxury of religious skepticism. Humanists, by and large educated, comfortably middle-class persons with rewarding lives like mine, find rapture enough in secular knowledge and hope. Most people can't.”
“The God I believe in believes in me and won’t silence my heart or others based on a paycheck at the end of the day.”
“The Holy One is our Divine Healer.”
“The Imagination merely enables us to wander into the darkness of the unknown where, by the dim light of the knowledge we carry, we may glimpse something that seems of interest. But when we bring it out and examine it more closely it usually proves to be only trash whose glitter had caught our attention. Imagination is at once the source of all hope and inspiration but also of frustration. To forget this is to court despair.”
“The Jungle was alive. A throbbing entity with its own rules of engagement. And the rules were fairly simple. That you did not try to engage with it. That you had to let it own you. The Jungle had ears and eyes. It found your fears faster than you found your strength. And word travelled fast, really fast. Especially if raging waters criss-crossed through its hear. If you did not square off with your fears, the Jungle would square off with you.”
“The Oceans are infinite and with the waves in spite of you. (Journal:Oceans) Reality. by theamitkumarswords”
“The Prodigal Son, As the father came to the hill stop in search for his son, turned away as the deep spoke' Never rely on a rested hills for its a leap on a step forward rather Simplate a walk on a back towards”
“The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!”
“The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!”
“The Root Dear one, It is totally conceivable to accept something Yet still feel unable to ever recover from it For acceptance, my love, is simply the flower, Like a ray of hope through the hazy rain, But the root that it sprouted from, And the stem it grows upon, still remain”
“The Skeleton Chattering finch and water-fly Are not merrier than I; Here among the flowers I lie Laughing everlastingly. No: I may not tell the best; Surely, friends, I might have guessed Death was but the good King's jest, It was hid so carefully.”
“The Springtime Guest by Stewart Stafford From winter's wounded sleep, Dear Nature rouses itself again, Bearing no ill will for the scars, Timely movement blooms again. Bursting colour, praising birdsong, Easy smiles when sprightly of step, Lambs and cats frolic in sunny play, Banishing winter's despair for now. Welcome warm kisses on the wind, Summer's young sibling promises, Much more to come in rolling time, With comfort in the heart of progress. © Stewart Stafford, 2022. All rights reserved.”
“The Straw Dolls by Stewart Stafford After surrender's pin-drop grief, Came a nihilistic jackboot slope, Replaced with twisting blades, As you dangle on a slippery rope. Everything secure now ashes, A blind road ahead lies shunning, Every pillar of society smashed, In whipped despotic slumming. Fleeting daydreams of rebellion, They'll cut those ideas from you, Violence begetting violence now, The bloodied crown turned blue. © Stewart Stafford, 2023. All rights reserved.”
“The United States is regarded by people everywhere as a dream come true, a sort of world state in miniature. Here dwell the world's emigrants under one law, and the law is: Thou shalt not push thy neighbor around. By some curious divinity which in him lies, Man, in this experiment of mixed races and mixed creeds, has turned out more good than bad, more right than wrong, more kind than cruel, and more sinned against than sinning. This is the world's hope and its chance.”
“The Victorian Age, for all its humbug, was a period of rapid progress, because men were dominated by hope rather than fear. If we are again to have progress, we must again be dominated by hope.”
“The Waiting Room by Stewart Stafford The waiting room lay empty, Gloom-prowled, leather-studded seats, A ceiling fan spun lonely circles above, Keeping no one in particular cool at all. Portrait of a rose in a shadowy alcove, A pair of empty street scenes framed, Mirroring the deserted room where they hung, Creating the vacuum of an infinity void. A wreath of hope on the door, The first patient of the day lumbers in, Where there's one, there'll be others, Smiles from all at the start of the day. © Stewart Stafford, 2021. All rights reserved.”
“The answer to any and every ‘why’ is so that we might have a chance to love Him more.”
“The artist's job is not to succumb to despair but to find an antidote for the emptiness of existence.”
“The beauty of a fragment is that it still supports the hope of brilliant completeness.”
“The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”
“The best part of waking up to a Christmas morning is perhaps to know that it's just a few more days to another year, to another whole new year of hopes and surprises, expectations and learnings, to a bunch of mad happy days and a dozen of grey days with despair and gloom but above all days to know Life, some more of our Soul, days to be Human and mortal in our very bones. Just like the first ray of Sunshine always finds us out of the darkest hour, Christmas literally shows us how even the coldest and darkest of nights be alive in spirit, breathing through love and light, breathing in more of Life to the days to come, and even when we don't know what might unfold in the days to come, we wish each other a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, because Hope is the cup that fills our Christmas morning the most. And as we keep walking along this wondrous day and this beautiful journey of Life, may we keep reminding our mind what our Heart already knows as the anchoring truth of Hope, Life is full of little pleasures.”
“The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.”
“The big question, I jotted down during the long wait at the long wait at the airport, is how to hope and what to hope for. We are citizens of corrupt country, of a corrupt vision. There is such a sense of death and of being buried under the weight of technocracy. How to keep cool and get hold of the essential  and, above all, how to recognize the essential.”
“The blood of Jesus settled the score for us to be a champion in Him, to break the satanic powers of darkness, to stop the destroyer called the devil in his tracks, and for us to recover everything that he has stolen from us that has to do with our purpose and our destiny. Whatever the conqueror and the locust have eaten, God is the restorer of everything.”
“The burden of what Jesus says is this: give it away. Give it away gladly. Make friends by your generosity. The door to a gospel future is by generosity, outrageous, intentional giving away in the present to create a viable future. That seems to me such an urgent word, because we are so deeply caught in cycles of greed and affluence and self-indulgence and acquisitiveness of a fearful kind that will yield no human future.”
“The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.”
“The chief beauty about time is that you cannot waste it in advance. The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you, as perfect, as unspoiled, as if you had never wasted or misapplied a single moment in all your life. You can turn over a new leaf every hour if you choose.”
“The child was slender as fleeting hope.”
“The courage is light of one’s life, is the beauty of today. The hope of one’s soul, is the promise of a tomorrow. The times of our past, is a wisdom for anytime. The labour of our sacrifice and love, is a masterpiece of our moments. The voyage of one’s mind, is a journey towards discovery. The joy in one’s heart, is a gift for everyone. The faith of a soul, is a key to hope and to love. The true unconditional love of a heart is a priceless treasure one can ever give. For our mind, heart and soul In any journey of rise or fall, Let faith, hope and love breathe! As you share it for whom your heart beats.”
“The creative strength is good enough and deep enough to bring itself to flower and to grow in spite of this sickness.”
“The cruelest thing you can do to a person who's living in panic is to offer him or her hope that turns out false. When the crash comes its intolerable.”
“The daily reading of good books can be a remedy for sadness, comfort in distress, and a helpful way to foster hope and fortitude.”
“The day will bring hope for me," said Aragorn. "Is it not said that no foe has ever taken the Hornburg, if men defended it?" "So the minstrels say," said Éomer. "Then let us defend it, and hope!”
“The days passed in a dream. I pictured our reunion again and again, played it out in my mind over and over until I’d almost worn a groove in my thoughts, so deep that it seemed the only thing I could think of was our reunion. Anticipation is a gift. Perhaps there is none greater. Anticipation is born of hope. Indeed it is hope’s finest expression. In hope’s loss, however, is the greatest despair.”
“The desire to be wealthy is a good one. It allows you to be useful to those close to you and your community. To be of service should be the intent of your desire to acquire material wealth.”
“The devil, darkness, and death may swagger and boast, the pangs of life will sting for a while longer, but don't worry; the forces of evil are breathing their last. Not to worry He's risen!”
“The difference between hope and despair is a different way of telling stories from the same facts.”
“The door will open for you. Just make sure you're still around when it does.”
“The door', replied Maimie, 'will always, always be open, and mother will always be waiting at it for me.”
“The downs in life only make you appreciate the ups much more.”
“The eleventh day of the eleventh month has always seemed to me to be special. Even if the reason for it fell apart as the years went on, it was a symbol of something close to the high part of the heart. Perhaps a life that stretches through two or three wars takes its first war rather seriously, but I still think we should have kept the name "Armistice Day." Its implications were a little more profound, a little more hopeful.”
“The emptiness of life is, at times, deafening. I think the thought of my existence is a pain because I feel at some times that I do not understand it, and at other times, I don’t think there is anything to understand.”
“The existence of thorns on roses do not reduce the beauty that they hold.”
“The fact that Marco was not afraid of his future  of being ill  well, it made me even more frightened. Because he was so positive he could make it.”
“The feelings that hurt most, the emotions that sting most, are those that are absurd - The longing for impossible things, precisely because they are impossible; nostalgia for what never was; the desire for what could have been; regret over not being someone else; dissatisfaction with the world’s existence. All these half-tones of the soul’s consciousness create in us a painful landscape, an eternal sunset of what we are.”
“The first duty of a man is to think for himself”
“The first lesson is that no matter how afraid you may be right now, you don’t have to stay that way. For me, it took becoming totally disgusted with fear to decide that I would no longer let it run rampant through my life. [ ] Second, if you don’t want to stay that way, it’s up to you to make a change. No one can deal with your fear except you. And unless you make an intentional choice to confront it, it will keep tormenting you. Third, once you decide to kick fear out of your life and start your journey toward freedom, the best thing to do is pray. You’ll never overcome it on your own; it’s too strong. But by God’s grace, in the power of the name of Jesus, and with the Holy Spirit’s help, you can get fear out of your life and let freedom in.”
“The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude.”
“The frightening assaults of pandemic terror have vastly increased our vulnerability. At the outset, hope and humor were able to alleviate the sabotage of our living together, until bit by bit, the raging roars and the thundering crashes of the death toll called the shots. The ground zero of our mental structure must inevitably make us remold another thinking pattern. ("What do they think behind their dirty aprons?" )”
“The fruit of empty hopes is more bitter than the saddest truth.”
“The future belongs to those who choose hope – and those who leverage technology to positively impact what’s next for humanity.”
“The future is a feast prepared from the fruits of today's labor.”
“The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.”
“The future is uncertain, but that can be a good thing.”
“The future, she thought, could not be predicted, and the shpae of things could not be divined. To think otherwise was absurd. But they were young that morning, and they could cling to hope. Hope that the world could be remade, kinder and sweeter.”
“The game seems childish, at first. But all of art is childish, all storytelling, all human hope and fear.”
“The gifts of the Master are these: freedom, life, hope, new direction, transformation, and intimacy with God. If the cross was the end of the story, we would have no hope. But the cross isn't the end. Jesus didn't escape from death; he conquered it and opened the way to heaven for all who will dare to believe. The truth of this moment, if we let it sweep over us, is stunning. It means Jesus really is who he claimed to be, we are really as lost as he said we are, and he really is the only way for us to intimately and spiritually connect with God again.”
“The gospel is this: We are more sinful and flawed in ourselves than we ever dared believe, yet at the very same time we are more loved and accepted in Jesus Christ than we ever dared hope.”
“The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
“The great conquest of life is to truly love the One True God before actually seeing him.”
“The greatest adventure is to have no fear for the blaze that lies ahead.”
“The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.”
“The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and labors for others.”
“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
“The greatest obstacle is not the size of the dream. Rather, it’s the state of our attitude.”
“The green earth is a symbol of hope. Walk on it like you are going somewhere, even when you are going nowhere.”
“The heart dies a slow death, shedding each hope like leaves until one day there are none. No hopes. Nothing remains.”
“The history in the bookscreens, Earth History, that appalling record of injustice, cruelty, enslavement, hatred, murder — that record, justified and glorified by every government and institution, of waste and misuse of human life, animal life, plant life, the air, the water, the planet? If that is who we are, what hope for us?”
“The horizon was indistinguishable from the inky black, which fell upon the desert like a sorcerer’s mantle shot through with diamonds. The stars were so tiny, so far away, and yet, at the moment, with her fingers curled around his, he almost felt as though he could reach up and snag one by the tail.”
“The human capacity for self-delusion is apparently infinite – and if that is the case, how are we ever meant to know, except by existing in a state of absolute pessimism, that once again we are fooling ourselves?”
“The human soul has still greater need of the ideal than of the real. It is by the real that we exist, it is by the ideal that we live.”
“The idea of immortality, that like a sea has ebbed and flowed in the human heart, with its countless waves of hope and fear, beating against the shores and rocks of time and fate, was not born of any book, nor of any creed, nor of any religion. It was born of human affection, and it will continue to ebb and flow beneath the mists and clouds of doubt and darkness as long as love kisses the lips of death. It is the rainbow – Hope shining upon the tears of grief.”
“The idea of the future, pregnant with an infinity of possibilities, is thus more fruitful than the future itself, and this is why we find more charm in hope than in possession, in dreams than in reality.”
“The impossible, I suppose, happens via living.”
“The individual without hope has nothing to look forward to. Nothing to rejoice over. But God send His Only Son into the world to die in our place and save us if we will only call out to Him and receive His free gift of salvation. That is joyous news”
“The job facing American voters… in the days and years to come is to determine which hearts, minds and souls command those qualities best suited to unify a country rather than further divide it, to heal the wounds of a nation as opposed to aggravate its injuries, and to secure for the next generation a legacy of choices based on informed awareness rather than one of reactions based on unknowing fear.”
“The journey of a lifetime lies within. You are your own destination.”
“The journey through another world, beyond bad dreams beyond the memories of a murdered generation, cartographed in captivity by bare survivors makes sacristans of us all. The old ones go our bail, we oblate preachers of our tribes. Be careful, they say, don't hock the beads of kinship agonies; the moire-effect of unfamiliar hymns upon our own, a change in pitch or shrillness of the voice transforms the ways of song to words of poetry or prose and makes distinctions no one recognizes. Surrounded and absorbed, we tread like Etruscans on the edge of useless law; we pray to the giver of prayer, we give the cane whistle in ceremony, we swing the heavy silver chain of incense burners. Migration makes new citizens of Rome.”
“The key is love It is the gateway To hope To joy To enhanced living Love is the answer”
“The key to happiness is forgiveness, forgiving ourselves most of all.”
“The king was silent. "Ents!" he said at length. "Out of the shadows of legend I begin a little to understand the marvel of the trees, I think. I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of the strange places, and walk visible under the Sun." "You should be glad," Théoden King," said Gandalf. "For not only the little life of Men is now endangered, but the life also of those thing which you have deemed the matter of legend. You are not without allies, even if you know them not." "Yet also I should be sad," said Théoden. "For however the fortune of war shall go, may it not so end that much that was fair and wonderful shall pass for ever out of Middle-earth?”
“The least I can do is speak out for the hundreds of chimpanzees who, right now, sit hunched, miserable and without hope, staring out with dead eyes from their metal prisons. They cannot speak for themselves.”
“The light at the end of this seemingly never-ending dark tunnel that I had entered, was on the other side of understanding. The clarity I was seeking was within my reach.”
“The light in you, is gar brighter than the darkness. Don't forget that.”
“The living dead had taken more from us than land and loved ones. They'd robbed us of our confidence as the planet's dominant life form. We were a shaken, broken species, driven to the edge of extinction and grateful only for tomorrow with perhaps a little less suffering than today. Was this the legacy we would leave our children, a level of anxiety and self-doubt not seen since our simian ancestors cowered in the tallest trees? What kind of world would they rebuild? Would they rebuild at all? Could they continue to progress, knowing that they would be powerless to reclaim their future? And what if that future saw another rise of the living dead? Would our descendants rise to meet them in battle, or simply crumple in meek surrender and accept what they believe to be their inevitable extinction? For this alone, we had to reclaim our planet. We had to prove to ourselves that we could do it, and leave that proof as this war's greatest monument. The long, hard road back to humanity, or the regressive ennui of Earth's once-proud primates. That was the choice, and it had to be made now.”
“The love of Christ for me will get last say. He is merciful to me for his name’s sake, for the sake of his own goodness, for the sake of his steadfast love and compassion (Psalm 25). When he thinks about me, he remembers what he is like, and that is my exceeding joy. My indestructible hope is that he has turned his face towards me, and he will never turn away.”
“The love of a person never disappears,' he said softly. 'Even if they might. We have memories, you see, Amelia. Love never dies. We love someone and they love us back and that love is stored and it protects us. It is bigger than life and it doesn't end with life. It stays inside us. They stay inside us. inside our hearts.”
“The lovers of the world are the ones who matter. Forget the rest. Jesus was a lover. He doesn't hate anyone.”
“The merchants of hope will never go out of business”
“The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease to be able to do it.”
“The month of January always brings new hope."~Violet Lapp”
“The month of June: National PTSD Awareness Month Suicide is as an axe to a tree, a commitment to a delusional freedom, that you have not yet learned to be freed, when indeed you can set yourself free by doing little or as much as needed to care for you in the state of hopelessness, and when you are one of the seeds prematurely fell from the tree that you need to find your ground to grow among the forest. Living is a passage to an endless potential of tomorrow that your worth is not bounded by the society’s narrow values, but you strike with the principles that preserve your worthiness to find your pathway to meet the ultimate goal of happiness. by Tina Leung June 2023”
“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
“The more I see you, the more I fall in love with you. Every time, in a million different ways. WOULD YOU MIND MAKING ME THE BEAT OF YOUR HEART?”
“The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.”
“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
“The more we do for others, The more we feel connected, The more we feel a part of things, The easier it is to have hope.”
“The morning was full of sunlight and hope.”
“The music of hope is everywhere, but to hear it, you need to ignore the muddy jangle of life's hassles.”
“The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearth-stone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. --as quoted in THE RIVER OF WINGED DREAMS”
“The nature of hope is such that it will grow in direct proportion to our lack of belief in it.”
“The nature of the enemy's warfare in your life is to cause you to become discouraged and to cast away your confidence. Not that you would necessarily discard your salvation, but you could give up your hope of God's deliverance. The enemy wants to numb you into a coping kind of Christianity that has given up hope of seeing God's resurrection power.”
“The need in me beautiful is to look back on you forever!!”
“The next time you start regretting something you did, something you said, that life-changing choice you made—please remember that you did the best you could. You made the decision you felt was best for you at the time. And even though the outcome you desired turned into something completely different; maybe you were always meant to be exactly where you are right now. Maybe that relationship was supposed to end, even though you didn’t want it to. Maybe some things fall apart so that something else more beautiful can come together. Maybe even though it doesn’t feel like it right now, this—this small yet giant, mighty yet magic little moment—was always where you were supposed to end up. So don’t wistfully wish for what could have been. You did the best you could, the best way you knew how. You were meant to be here.”
“The only fool that we can control is the one that we hope to never become.”
“The only person you need to justify your actions to is you. If you are convinced about your dreams, you need no other endorsement. Justification is given only when there is an element of doubt and any doubt, whether yours or someone else’s, can jeopardize dreams and relationships.”
“The only thing we have inside us is hope, hope that pulls us from our miseries, hopes that keep us going and enable us to carry on; a hope that one day someone will hear our voices and help spread our message to the world.”
“The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.”
“The only way I knew how to live the best day ever was on an expedition.”
“The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.”
“The only way ultimately to deal with uncertainty is to accept uncertainty, because we can't escape it. However we choose to schedule our calendars and time table, uncertainty still remains. This is a stubbornly uncertain world and we just have to deal with that. And one way to deal with it, is to see the value in uncertainty. You see far from being a curse, uncertainty can be a source of hope. Okay so yes it means that the things we are looking forward to might not be as good as we want them to be. But it also mean the things we dread might not be as terrible as we imagine.”
“The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“The opportunity to co-create win-win scenarios by innovating for the greater good is not just a beautiful dream, it is a necessity if people and the planet are to survive and ultimately flourish.”
“The opposite of fear is hope, defined as the expectation of good fortune not only for ourselves but for the group to which we belong. Fear is about limits; hope is about growth. Fear pushes away; hope pulls others closer. Fear divides; hope unifies.”
“The oppression of anonymity and lack of human contact can inveigle people to reinvent themselves, rethink their lives and give hope a chance. Once they have broken down the wall of apathy and reached the wellness of concern, they can realize what it feels to be missed. ("Knowing someone was waiting")”
“The other member of the small band of friends was Daisy, a fawn-coloured dairy cow with a lovely heart. She was a gentle, kind, dreamy soul, who loved nothing more than to slowly wander the paddocks, trailing her nose through the long grass in search of an eating experience she had once had years earlier. Her inability to ever recreate that “incredible grass eating day” was a topic she often returned to.”
“The paradox of volcanoes was that they were symbols of destruction but also life. Once the lava slows and cools, it solidifies and then breaks down over time to become soil - rich, fertile soil. She wasn't a black hole, she decided. She was a volcano. And like a volcano she couldn't run away from herself. She'd have to stay there and tend to that wasteland. She could plant a forest inside herself.”
“The past is made out of facts  I guess the future is just hope.”
“The past is with me; the present is here. The future is unmapped and changeable. Ours for the imagining: spreading out before us. Sunlight filled, deep blue, and the darkness.”
“The past takes a different shape in the future.”
“The path i walk lights up in flames”
“The people that matter to us aren’t always meant to be in our lives for ever. But the things they did to make you a better person can be.”
“The person with the Greatest HOPE, has the Greatest INFLUENCE.”
“The pleasant showers and genial warmth of spring greatly altered the aspect of the earth. Men who before this change seemed to have been hid in caves dispersed themselves and were employed in various arts of cultivation. The birds sang in more cheerful notes, and the leaves began to bud forth on the trees. Happy, happy earth! Fit habitation for gods, which, so short a time before, was bleak, damp, and unwholesome. My spirits were elevated by the enchanting appearance of nature; the past was blotted from my memory, the present was tranquil, and the future gilded by bright rays of hope and anticipations of joy.”
“The point is, you have family and friends who love you. You have a world out there just waiting for you to conquer it. You have a life that will be anything you make it. That's the point.”
“The positive emotions that arise in unpromising circumstances demonstrate that social ties and meaningful work are deeply desired, readily improvised, and intensely rewarding. The very structure of our economy and society prevent these goals from being achieved.”
“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
“The problem is never what you believe, but that you demand everybody else believes it too.”
“The problem with hope, Anne finds through the years, is that it gets your hopes up. But hopelessness is worse.”
“The problem with postponing our happiness with checklists is it leads down a road to anything but lasting joy.”
“The rain begins with a single drop”
“The reasons I keep on hoping outweigh the souls I pray for.”
“The regrets of today cannot make up for the mistakes of the past. They can only guide us in a better direction.”
“The rest is just wishes and hope, the most fragile of things.”
“The restless spirit never loses its wings. If sometimes it cannot fly, it is because during those moments the sky vanishes.”
“The resurrection of the dead to the glory of the new Jerusalem and a renewed earth marks the end of the wilderness. Therefore, today, in the here and now, the call of God to His church is the call to go to Him into the wilderness and to dwell with Him there while we wait the completion of His redemptive work in the world, culminating in the new creation.”
“The road that is built in hope is more pleasant to the traveler than the road built in despair, even though they both lead to the same destination.”
“The scars on your heart are your lessons, that love will survive despite heartbreaks. they are reminders that love is not flawless as they have advertised. They are symbols that just like autumn well all need renewing and healing.”
“The sea never changes. And yet, it never stops changing.”
“The sea reminds her of the interior of an abalone shell. In this light, its colours are blue, green and white.”
“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
“The sooner you make a mistake and learn to live with it, the better. You're not responsible for everything. You can't control the way things end up.”
“The stranded, walking a fine line between reality and illusion, constantly weaving through disappointment and hope, despite all, never stop dreaming of empathy and good feeling, while craving for attention and endorsement. ("No monsters hide at this point" )”
“The strong lines of the woman's face bespoke hard-won wisdom and courage, and somehow that made watching her more difficult. If such a woman could be defeated by Elantris, what hope was there for Raoden?”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“The sun is still there  even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again.”
“The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.”
“The term 'politics of prefiguration' has long been used to describe the idea that if you embody what you aspire to, you have already succeeded. That is to say, if your activism is already democratic, peaceful, creative, then in one small corner of the world these things have triumphed. Activism, in this model, is not only a toolbox to change things but a home in which to take up residence and live according to your beliefs, even if it's a temporary and local place ”
“The thing is, it helps when people stand up to them, it gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it, Harry.”
“The thing the sixties did was to show us the possibilities and the responsibility that we all had. It wasn't the answer. It just gave us a glimpse of the possibility.”
“The things a man has to have are hope and confidence in himself against odds, and sometimes he needs somebody, his pal or his mother or his wife or God, to give him that confidence. He's got to have some inner standards worth fighting for or there won't be any way to bring him into conflict. And he must be ready to choose death before dishonor without making too much song and dance about it. That's all there is to it.”
“The things which you think will not work together, you must try it first. Most of the time they work perfectly together.”
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
“The thought of our past years in me doth breed Perpetual benediction: not indeed For that which is most worthy to be blest— Delight and liberty, the simple creed Of Childhood, whether busy or at rest, With new-fledged hope still fluttering in his breast.”
“The times are chaotic. For me, I would hope that people look at [Angel] and gain strength by it. With everything that I do, I hope that they see people struggling to live decent, moral lives in a completely chaotic world. They see how hard it is, how often they fail, and how they get up and keep trying. That, to me, is the most important message I'm ever going to tell.”
“The traumatized person is often relieved simply to learn the true name of her condition. By ascertaining her diagnosis, she begins the process of mastery. No longer imprisoned in the wordlessness of the trauma, she discovers that there is a language for her experience. She discovers that she is not alone; others have suffered in similar ways. She discovers further that she is not crazy; the traumatic syndromes are normal human responses to extreme circumstances. And she discovers, finally, that she is not doomed to suffer this condition indefinitely; she can expect to recover, as others have recovered ”
“The trees remain friendly regardless of where I go or who I meet.”
“The trees that surround my home are trusted friends.”
“The trick, of course, isn't to avoid the darkness, it's to always be finding the light. Your pupils will adjust, but don't get to the point that you can only see in the dark, that the dark feels like home.”
“The true Christian can nurture a trustful optimism, because he is certain of not walking alone. In sending us Jesus, the eternal Son made man, God has drawn near to each of us. In Christ he has become our travelling companion.”
“The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
“The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.”
“The truth is that we don't want to be saved by in the way God has chosen; we want to keep absolute control over our every step, to be fully conscious of our decisions, to be capable of choosing the object of our devotion. It isn't like that with love - it arrives, moves in, and starts directing everything.”
“The tsunami of my personal life had opened doors to new possibilities, and the crumbling of my life as I knew it had also broken down pretenses and barriers. I was once again a child, learning the ways of the world and how to be in it. I was once again a bundle of potential. This clean slate helped me rewrite my life and rewire new connections.”
“The very act of trying to look ahead to discern possibilities and offer warnings is an act of hope.”
“The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man”
“The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.”
“The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof. What I want is so simple I almost can’t say it: elementary kindness. Enough to eat, enough to go around. The possibility that kids might one day grow up to be neither the destroyers nor the destroyed. That’s about it. Right now I'm living in that hope, running down its hallway and touching the walls on both sides.”
“The very nature of God is unity. He is three in one: Father, Son, and Spirit. Since the very beginning of creation, God formed human life so that we could be in a relationship with Him.”
“The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.”
“The visions we offer our children shape the future. It _matters_ what those visions are. Often they become self-fulfilling prophecies. Dreams are maps.”
“The way I see it, hard times aren't only about money, or drought, or dust. Hard times are about losing spirit, and hope, and what happens when dreams dry up.”
“The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.”
“The will to dream, the courage to act and the hope to win are the stuffs that make life meaningful! Create the life you wish to live and live it fully!”
“The willingness to undertake such action cannot be based on certainties, but on those possibilities glimpsed in a reading of history different from the customary painful recounting of human cruelties. In such a reading we can find not only war but resistance to war, not only injustice but rebellion against injustice, not only selfishness but self-sacrifice, not only silence in the fact of tyranny but defiance, not only callousness but compassion. Human beings show a broad spectrum of qualities, but it is the worst of these that are usually emphasized, and the result, too often, is to dishearten us, diminish our spirit. And yet, historically, that spirit refuses to surrender.”
“The winds of change whisper that tomorrow holds wonders we cannot yet conceive.”
“The world is a beautiful place, full of opportunity. We cannot be contained or destroyed. We can unreservedly and wholeheartedly be wherever we wish to be. There is an embracing of one’s proper place and destiny, whatever that may be. Our devotion to all that is good, and all that is good for us, becomes unshakeable. The soul’s path is secure and assured. We can walk with profound peace and confidence in our hearts.”
“The world is a goddamned evil place, the strong prey on the weak, the rich on the poor; I’ve given up hope that there is a God that will save us all. How am I supposed to believe that there’s a heaven and a hell when all I see now is hell.”
“The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”
“The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.”
“The world will always go one way, and Jesus will always have a better option.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“The worst that things get, the greater the opportunity to best the worst.”
“The years stretched before her, a long and dusty way, yet if she could walk humbly along it she might find that life, unfolding slowly, keeps its best secrets till the end.”
“Their words of encouragement were just what I needed. I was doing a great job, and I appreciated their cheers.I felt a dormlike camaraderie in the burn unit, since each of us knew the challenges we were facing like no one else could, and therefore how meaningful each triumph was.”
“Then Hope, that most precarious of human emotions, slipped in on silent tiptoes.”
“Then I realize I am responsible for fate, fiction is truthful, a sinner and saint I am, an egotistical utilitarian as well. I'll be mortal forever.”
“Then every man would be as a god, you see. The result of this, of course, would be that there would no longer be any gods, only men. We would give them knowledge of the sciences and the arts, which we possess, and in so doing we would destroy their simple faith and remove all basis for their hoping that things will be better—for the best way to destroy faith or hope is to let it be realized.”
“Then hope unlooked-for came so suddenly to Eomer's heart, and with it the bite of care and fear renewed, that he said no more, but turned and went swiftly from the hall.”
“Then they are stupid books. Good doesn’t win, not most of the time.” “But how can you find hope to get up every day without stories where it does?”
“Then why did you come here?" Andrew asked. "Because I'm tired," Neil said, trying to sound defeated. It didn't take much effort. "I have nowhere else to go, and I'm too jealous of Kevin to stay away from him. He knows what it's like to hate every day of his life, to wake up afraid every day, but he's got you at his back telling him everything's going to be okay. He has everything, even when he's lost everything, and I'm—" Neil didn't want to say it, but the word was already there, broken and pathetic between them, "—nothing. I'll always have and be nothing.”
“Then you must teach my daughter this same lesson. How to lose your innocence but not your hope. How to laugh forever.”
“Then, in spite of everything, he began to smile. So much of his existence in Everlost had been full of despair. Despair, and a fear of losing what he had. But Allie was not lost, she was just there across the river, waiting for him to find her. Nick was not lost either--not entirely. It was then that Mikey McGill realized something. It must have been his sister who first called this place Everlost, because by naming it so, it stripped away all hope except for a faith in her, and the "safety" she could provide. Well, Mary was wrong on all counts, because nothing in Everlost was lost forever, if one had the courage to search for it. Mikey held tightly on to this shining truth as he and the golem sunk into the earth. Then with all the force of his heart, his mind, and his soul, Mikey McGill began to dig.”
“There I was, waiting, afraid I’d never experience the kind of joy yet to come, but hoping for it just the same.”
“There a pretty good chance that the situation’s hopeless because we over-estimated our ability to under-estimate ourselves.”
“There are all of these pockets of hope developing all over the world. Pretty soon there will be so many pockets of hope, that there will no longer be pockets, there will just be.”
“There are certain mortal moments and minutes that matter. Certain hingepoints in the history of each human. Some seconds are so decisive they shrink the soul, while others are spent, so as to stretch the soul.”
“There are certain wishes that must be clipped like wings off a thriving butterfly.”
“There are days when you just don't feel like everything and you just want peace. I mean, it's not that you're angry or sad. But it seems like you just don't have the desire to interact with anyone. All you want to do is sit in the corner, look at the sky and hear the atmosphere. Makes you think everything would slow down. There really are such vibes, right? Solo moment. The world is happening so fast. Sometimes you really need to rest and recharge.”
“There are still Ava Maddoxes to find and sets to create and girls to kiss and colleges to attend. It's possible that someday I will hear a patsy Cline song and the heartbreak will barely register. It will be some distant, buried feeling. I won't remember how much it once hurt.”
“There are things we can do. It is very important to come home to ourselves and look deeply to see what we can do every day to help the situation. Taking action helps us not to drown in despair.”
“There are three lessons I would write- Three words, as with a burning pen, In tracings of eternal light, Upon the heart of men. Have hope! though clouds environ round, And gladness hides her face in scorn, Put thou the shadow from thy brow, No night but hath its morn. Have love! not love alone for one, But man as man thy brother call, And scatter like the circling sun, Thy charities on all.”
“There are too many empty eyes these days. But as long as they wish to be filled, they will never be truly empty.”
“There are two kinds of hope: the kind you couldn't do anything about and the kind you could. And even if the kind you could do something about wasn't what you'd originally wanted, it was still worth doing. A rainy day is better than no day. A small happiness can make a big sadness less sad.”
“There had to be dark and muddy waters so that the sun could have something to background it's flashing glory.”
“There have been bleak nights along my way, many of my own making, but life is all the brighter for them now. To the human eye, without the darkness there are no stars.”
“There have been times I cannot hide, There have been times when this was drear, When my sad soul forgot its pride And longed for one to love me here. But those were in the early glow Of feelings since subdued by care; And they have died so long ago, I hardly now believe they were. First melted off the hope of youth, Then fancy’s rainbow fast withdrew; And then experience told me truth In mortal bosoms never grew. ’Twas grief enough to think mankind All hollow, servile, insincere; But worse to trust to my own mind And find the same corruption there.”
“There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.”
“There is a great deal of ruin in a nation.”
“There is a lot more power behind hope than you might realise.”
“There is a moment in our healing journey when our denial crumbles; we realize our experience and it's continued effects on us won't "just go away". That's our breakthrough moment. It's the sun coming out to warm the seeds of hope so they can grow our personal garden of empowerment.”
“There is a period for hope and one for mourning.”
“There is a reason why morning follows night, hjälte. After times of great darkness, we must take time to mourn all we have lost and all who were lost, even as hope rises with the sun.”
“There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.' No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.”
“There is a secret medicine given only to those who hurt so hard they can't hope. The hopers would feel slighted if they knew.”
“There is a trick to flying. The angels told me." He had smiled at my wide-eyed awe. "You need to forget everything you know as a human being. When you are human, you discover that there is great power in hating the earth. And it can almost make you fly. But it never will." I had frowned, not quite understanding him. "So, what's the trick?" "Love the sky.”
“There is a vague feeling that after great evil comes great good; after trouble comes absence of trouble; after war, peace. It is a mystical, rather than logical, presentiment. History does not offer any very impressive corroboration; flip over its pages and you are apt to find the disagreeable reminder that after trouble comes more trouble. Yet it is a feeling everyone must hold to.”
“There is always a part of my mind that is preparing for the worst, and another part of my mind that believes if I prepare enough for it, the worst won’t happen.”
“There is always another way of looking at things. All change begins with the realisation that things can be different. Without that concept, the seed of change will not be nourished.”
“There is beauty to all things, a flower is beautiful even though it wilts, people are beautiful even though they commit such crimes, death is beautiful because first there must come life. But I think it’s hope that is most beautiful in its destruction. Because even lost to the smallest of embers, that ember can start a fire that will set the night ablaze,” he said to the stars.”
“There is child in all of us that refuses to grow up, a child that is in awe of what can be, the polar opposite of the cynic in all of us who despairs over what is. Stories of magic, fantastic monsters, impossible courage and spectacular heroism appeal to this child, instilling it with hope and faith in humanity and in the cosmic order.”
“There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.”
“There is hope in forgiveness”
“There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn't.”
“There is hope, that hope will be set free.”
“There is magic in this sad, hard world. A magic stronger than fate, stronger than chance. And it is seen in the unlikeliest of places. By a hearth at night, as a girl leaves a bit of cheese for a hungry mouse. In a slaughter yard, as the old and infirm, the weak and discarded, are made to matter more than money. In a poor carpenter's small attic room, where three sisters learned that the price of forgiveness is forgiving. And now, on a battlefield, as a mere girl tries to turn the red tide of war. It is the magic of a frail and fallible creature, one capable of both unspeakable cruelty and immense kindness. It lives inside every human being ready to redeem us. To transform us. To save us. If we can only find the courage to listen to it. It is the magic of the human heart.”
“There is much to be done. We cannot keep going. We keep going.”
“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. " Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”
“There is no hope for the hopeless but there is always some love for the loveless.”
“There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.”
“There is no such thing as helplessness. It's just another word for giving up.”
“There is no such thing as immunity from the joy or pain of the past.”
“There is no such thing as last hope.”
“There is nothing foolish about hope.”
“There is nothing like a dream to create the future.”
“There is nothing like timeless hope.”
“There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.”
“There is nothing more majestic than the determined courage of individuals willing to suffer and sacrifice for their freedom and dignity.”
“There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
“There is nothing new under the sun, but there are new suns.”
“There is rapidly growing recognition that it is time for a new story for the future of humankind.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“There is such a thing as too much loss. Too much has been taken from you both - taken and taken and taken, until there's nothing left but hope, and you've given that up because it hurts too much. Until you would rather die, or kill, or avoid attachments altogether, than lose one more thing.”
“There is symbolic as well as actual beauty in the migration of the birds, the ebb and flow of the tides, the folded bud ready for the spring. There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature - the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after the winter.”
“There is what I call “the hugging tree.” And when I wish better things for this world of ours, I go out and hug the old tree so that we both carry the wish as one. And why do I do such a foolish thing? I do that because the tree understands that it only takes one seed to start a forest.”
“There is yet a hope.”
“There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope. I hope, or I could not live.”
“There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.”
“There was no hope in death, only an end.”
“There was once a man who went to church and asked, 'Can it be that my ardour has deceived me, that I have taken a wrong turning and managed things badly? Oh, if only I could be rid of this doubt and know for certain I shall come out victorious and succeed in the end.' And then a voice answered him, 'And if you were certain, what would you do then? Act now as if you were certain and you will not be disappointed.' Then the man went on his way, not unbelieving but believing, and returned to his work no longer doubting or wavering.”
“There was ruin. But amid all that, there was still hope. Hope that things could change. Hope that this wasn‘t the end.”
“There was something better in life than this rub­bish, if only he could get to it—love—nobility—big spaces where passion clasped peace, spaces no science could reach, but they existed for ever, full of woods some of them, and arched with majestic sky and a friend. . .”
“There was still hope. I still had a chance to resurrect myself. I’d just have to do it consciously, every step of the way.”
“There will be a resurrection of the wild. Already it stands in wait at the pasture fences. — Wendell Berry”
“There will be days it is loud, and others it is heavy. For every summer solstice there is darkness on the other side of the world. There will be days that staying alive will be an all consuming challenge. And accepting love an act of tremendous courage. Asking for help even more so. Days of loneliness and doubt will compound and maybe there will be whole months when I cannot see the sky and all the perspective I have now is lost in the crush. There will be peaks and dales, rivers and roads but I will do my best to keep walking out of the darkness. I will let it all happen to me, beauty and terror and love and hate and ugliness and anger and fear. I know that no feeling is final and the fear only wins when I stop fighting. I will push through it all and see you on the other side. I'll see myself on the other side. Until then I will do my best to keep breathing.”
“There's a kind of activism that's more about bolstering identity than achieving results, one that sometimes seems to make the left the true heirs of the Puritans. Puritanical in that the point becomes the demonstration of one's own virtue rather than the realization of results. And puritanical because the somber pleasure of condemning things is the most enduring part of that legacy, along with the sense of personal superiority that comes from pleasure denied. The bleakness of the world is required as contrasting backdrop to the drama of their rising above.”
“There's a promise between beginnings and end. And, there's a hope between end and beginnings..!!" O' Autumn, you'll never stop, singing your sanguine songs.”
“There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.”
“There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.”
“There's no better place to realign ourselves than at the feet of Jesus.”
“There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion, but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower.”
“There, about a dozen times during the day, the wind drives over the sky the swollen clouds, which water the earth copiously, after which the sun shines brightly, as if freshly bathed, and floods with a golden luster the rocks, the river, the trees, and the entire jungle.”
“Therefore, she hummed the provincial lullaby she had learned from the officers’ children in the English Quarter of Jerusalem, and watched in fascination while the savage radical’s eyes misted over with tears. For an instant, the prison bars melted away, and she felt God’s presence—for the first time since their imprisonment. She was not a captive, and this man was not her captor. Indeed, they were both merely God’s children.”
“Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, for our God is a consuming fire.”
“These are among the many foundation stones of this new world we have built, and the work continues. I know all this seemed impossible a decade ago, when it felt as if everything was falling apart and our climate might be doomed. But everything we did mattered. All of it. We now know that we're going to keep global temperature rise below the most dangerous tipping points that climate scientists warned us about a decade ago. We can look our kids in the eye and tell them we didn't let them down. Now we can watch their dreams unfold." — Mary Anne Hitt, "A Love Letter from the Clean Energy Future”
“These are among the many foundation stones of this new world we have built, and the work continues. I know all this seemed impossible a decade ago, when it felt as if everything was falling apart and our climate might be doomed. But everything we did mattered. All of it. We now know that we're going to keep global temperature rise below the most dangerous tipping points that climate scientists warned us about a decade ago. We can look our kids in the eye and tell them we didn't let them down. Now we can watch their dreams unfold.”
“These are the times when our faith is not just an idea or a concept that we throw around. It's something that has to actually be lived out. We must rise to what we say we believe. And when we do, God rises with us. He walks alongside us. The exercise of our faith never comes back empty.”
“These days long lost too late. We see the changes for the best or worst. Hold onto memory wrapped up like a blanket around us. Live without fear. Do not let the sun set one day without showing or experiencing true gratitude or love. Do not walk in the shadows of the past.”
“These early Saints were indeed homeless, but they were not hopeless. Their hearts were broken, but their spirits were strong. They had learned a profound and important lesson. They had learned that hope, with its attendant blessings of peace and joy, does not depend upon circumstance. They had discovered that the true source of hope is faith—faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and in His infinite Atonement, the one sure foundation upon which to build our lives.”
“They all know the chant except her. She tries to follow along but her signs are halting. Still, the people on either side of her smile at her. The silence in the room is overwhelming, broken as it is by nothing but the involuntary sounds of the deaf and the rustling of the sleeves of the signing people. The girl is about to start to cry when she hears around her a muted chuckling sound. Who’s laughing, she thinks furiously, only to realize that the sound was the sniffling of other people already weeping. At the realization, she is hard-put to suppress giggles instead. She thinks: maybe all ritual has mystery and absurdity, and maybe that is what it is for. It is a curious and complex thought and like most of her legacy from the madwoman it makes her head hurt. She concentrates then on her signing.”
“They are turning night into day. When will they turn missiles into trees and guns into flowers?”
“They couldn’t fight an army when they were nothing more than shattered nerves and gritted teeth. All they had was untethered defiance, all heart and hope, with nothing to back it up. So they would have to find another way.”
“They knew, though, she would not suffer as they had suffered. She was perfect. They were scarred.”
“They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.”
“They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.”
“They survived on the bare bones of hope.”
“They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.”
“They want us to be afraid. They want us to be afraid of leaving our homes. They want us to barricade our doors and hide our children. Their aim is to make us fear life itself! They want us to hate. They want us to hate 'the other'. They want us to practice aggression and perfect antagonism. Their aim is to divide us all! They want us to be inhuman. They want us to throw out our kindness. They want us to bury our love and burn our hope. Their aim is to take all our light! They think their bricked walls will separate us. They think their damned bombs will defeat us. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that my soul and your soul are old friends. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that when they cut you I bleed. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that we will never be afraid, we will never hate and we will never be silent for life is ours!”
“They were left to wait, cocooned in a vacuum of fear and doubt, of non-information and empty hope.”
“Things doesn't always start out the way we want them to. It's how they end that's important.”
“Things go away to return, brightened for the passage”
“Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.”
“Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.”
“Think of me as your coach. I’m encouraging you to play big. I’ve taken hits on and off the field and broken barrier after barrier after barrier—a living testament to the fact that it can be done. I want you to do the same. There’s simply no stopping you. My hope is that by the end of this book, you’ll be inspired to dream the unimaginable. You’ll be unstuck from whatever is holding you back from getting out there and changing the world, your world or the world of someone you know and care about. From doing something you never thought doable. From blazing a trail not yet taken. I followed my dream without having a role model; there was no path to follow, no inkling that making it to the biggest stage in sport could happen for a woman. My point: you never know what’s out there to go for until it’s out there to go for. Remember that, too. In my gridiron journey, there was no certainty, only hope and a belief in something bigger. There was no way to envision myself in any of the places that I ultimately busted through because, as a woman, it was unimaginable.”
“Thinking about the bacon-the potential of bacon-gives me hope. Not all is lost if bacon isn't”
“Thinking about this cage he lived in, this prison where it felt like he'd spend the entirety of his life, cradle to grave, measuring the distance between his most modest hopes and all the cheap regret he actually ended up living. You passed your time in the cage, he figured, by clinging pointlessly and desperately to an endless series of unfinished sorrows.”
“This better world—that is the world I’m fighting for from inside the whale, this world I want to be birthed into. A world that is kinder, more generous, more just. A world that takes care of the marginalized, the poor, the sick. Where wealth and resources are redistributed, where reparations are made for the harms of history, where stolen land is given back. Where the environment is cared for and respected, and all species are cared for and respected. Where conflicts are dealt with in gentleness. Where people take care of each other and feel empowered to be their truest selves. Where anger is allowed and joy is allowed and fun is allowed and quietness is allowed and loudness is allowed and being wrong is allowed and everything, everything, everything is rooted in love. And maybe that’s an unattainable utopia.But I’ve found a few smaller versions of this world—in the ground rules Liv and I set on the bus en route to meeting my family; in the grace Cara showed me when I came out to her; in the patience with which Zu mentored me. I’m not naïve enough to think we’ll reach this utopia in my lifetime or possibly ever, but I’m also not faithless enough to think that the direction in which I strive doesn’t matter, that these smaller versions of the world aren’t leading us there.”
“This book is about hope, intended for all who are seeking to help create a better future for themselves and our world.”
“This hope is not rooted in wishful thinking, but in concrete, tangible acts of the most sacrificial love that anyone has ever seen or lived.”
“This interplay between hope and reality was also a part of the mourning.”
“This is a tapestry of every sunset and sunrise …It reminds me that if the sun comes up, the day has beautiful purpose. For God made it so, yes?”
“This is his home, and this is the city he wants to be in. He doesn’t want to live under siege for the rest of this life, but to abandon the city to the men on the hills would mean that he would be forever homeless. As long as he’s here, and as long as he can keep his fear of death from blinding him to what’s left of the world he once loved and could love again, then there’s still hope that one day he will be able to walk openly down the streets of this city with his wife and son, sit in a restaurant and eat a meal, browse the windows of shops, free from the men with guns.”
“This is not another story of some street rat getting sober or “putting his life together.” I didn’t put my life together, God did. Every time I tried to put my own life together, I made things worse. No, I am not the protagonist of this story—God is; from page one, until the day I die. He has always been the hero, He has always brought the hope. My story was written by and centers around the God who restores, redeems, and makes all things new.”
“This is the place where I want to be young To breathe the beginning breath Through newborn lungs To run barefoot chasing butterflies To sleep beneath wondrous skies To stand on stony mountains Far above the birch and pine Looking down at all about me I’ll call this world mine ….. When the wild wind sings I will hear its song That beckons to my heart, Tells me that I belong And all these hills and every tree Become a part of my story ….. Yet, as the pages of a story grow Characters learn, develop, go May it be granted, if I leave If I change in any way That this place will always remain The same as I saw it today ….. If my feet wander If life’s paths take me far Time may alter youthful face But let not it change a tree or star Let not it touch a leaf Nor a river, nor a stream Or raise a cloak of shadow Over even one sunbeam The years may not lift their hand To crumble any stone Or free their feet to trample Fields where flowers have grown ….. If I tarry long The song will bring me back If in the journey I am lost The wind will steer my track I will be changed when I come Grey hair and marred face But the hills will recall That I am one with this place Standing, just the way I used to Upon the mountain height Breathing, just the way I once did The crisp, star filled night And praying, just the way I always have That I might be young here.” — ‘Where I Want to Be Young”
“This is the world fourteen-year-old me couldn’t even begin to imagine. I’m already here.”
“This is what hope is. It isn’t pretending that nothing will go wrong if only we try hard enough. It’s looking squarely at all the obstacles in the way – knowing the limits of our own power, and the possibility of failure – and moving ahead anyway. That is how we must proceed. With hope.”
“This is what it means to live on. When granted hope, a person uses it as fuel, as a guidepost to life. It is impossible to live without hope.”
“This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.”
“This proves that Wuhuan’s heart is still there, and he can still feel the emotions of others. His tenderness has not been completely destroyed. It has only been wrapped in layer upon layer of shadows, hidden in a place even he himself can’t find.”
“This unholy masquerade when reality does fade, the imprint of the God on our mortal-stained facade. Saints and spirits strip the earth of the straining hope of birth. “Kill the hope with grasping grave,” cries the earthly mortal slave.”
“This was what I was learning that day: in a life of faith, you are not always going to be comfortable. In fact, most acts of faith are not comfortable ones to take, but you can always be content. [ ] You can be content even when you are not comfortable.”
“This will be the year of consequences, external consequences. And hopefully the year of meeting essential needs. Happy One Two Three. ﻿ Begin again.”
“This world needs more social entrepreneurs who can work on the real problems of this planet.”
“This world’s anguish is no different from the love we insist on holding back.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“Those who make us believe that anything’s possible and fire our imagination over the long haul, are often the ones who have survived the bleakest of circumstances. The men and women who have every reason to despair, but don’t, may have the most to teach us, not only about how to hold true to our beliefs, but about how such a life can bring about seemingly impossible social change. ”
“Those who might be tempted to give way to despair should realize that nothing accomplished in this order can ever be lost, that confusion, error and darkness can win the day only apparently and in a purely ephemeral way, that all partial and transitory disequilibrium must perforce contribute towards the greater equilibrium of the whole, and that nothing can ultimately prevail against the power of truth.”
“Those with no concerns, have no regard for life. Those who have found love, have no fear of death.”
“Though I myself am an atheist, I openly profess religion in the sense just mentioned, that is, a nature religion. I hate the idealism that wrenches man out of nature; I am not ashamed of my dependency on nature; I openly confess that the workings of nature affect not only my surface, my skin, my body, but also my core, my innermost being, that the air I breathe in bright weather has a salutary effect not only on my lungs but also on my mind, that the light of the sun illumines not only my eyes but also my spirit and my heart. And I do not, like a Christian, believe that such dependency is contrary to my true being or hope to be delivered from it. I know further that I am a finite moral being, that I shall one day cease to be. But I find this very natural and am therefore perfectly reconciled to the thought.”
“Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.”
“Though it pained me, I gave in. Why was it that I repeatedly succumbed to the first whisper of a promised maybe? How did the enticer, hope, always find my heart unguarded? There was no such thing as hope. Not for me. Why was it so hard to accept that?”
“Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night, I can see paradise by the dashboard light.”
“Though life may bring us grief and loss, there is always hope in the night. No matter how deep our sorrows may seem, a new dawn will come with light. And if we take the time to look around, we can find something true – that though life brings its challenges, each day can be filled with love and joy too.”
“Though nothing can bring back the hour Of splendor in the grass, of glory in the flower; We will grieve not, rather find Strength in what remains behind; In the primal sympathy Which having been must ever be ”
“Though we do harm each other, sin, and act like animals at times, God has provided a future of hope for anyone who would turn from wicked things towards Him. This worldview claims that the beginning, middle, and end are all meaningful. It claims that human life holds value, not because of each individual’s accomplishments, or ability to dominate and outpace others, but because of their composition; not because of what they’ve done, or merited, but because of who made them and what He made them for.”
“Three rules to obey! 1. Don't be over-impressed by your past glories! 2. Don't be scared by your future stories! 3. Be hopeful to get out of today's miseries!”
“Through Christ, the sting of death is but a gentle pinch to the soul; and the mourn is light. Perhaps, someday, in that glorious place, free of sin, we shall meet again.”
“Through all the sorrow of the Sorrow Songs there breathes a hope—a faith in the ultimate justice of things. The minor cadences of despair change often to triumph and calm confidence. Sometimes it is faith in life, sometimes a faith in death, sometimes assurance of boundless justice in some fair world beyond. But whichever it is, the meaning is always clear: that sometime, somewhere, men will judge men by their souls and not by their skins. Is such a hope justified? Do the Sorrow Songs sing true?”
“Time doesn’t wait for people to change. Change must happen before your time is up!”
“Time has taught me not to lose hope, yet not to trust too much in hope either.”
“Time settles down a thing or two but not everything. We cannot wait forever. We cannot hope forever. We cannot dream forever. We have to move on with whatever we have or with nothing at all. We have to move on.”
“Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.”
“Time works so hard for us, if only we can let it.”
“Tiptoe past the dogs of the apocalypse asleep in the shade of your future. Pay at the window. You’ll be surprised: you can pass off hope like a bad check. You still have time, that’s the thing. To make it good.”
“To an eye of reason, everything that respects the conversion of the heathen is as dark as midnight; and yet I cannot but hope in God for the accomplishment of something glorious among them.”
“To be civilized, really, is to be aware of the others, their hopes, their gladnesses, their illusions about life”
“To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.”
“To be part of nature was to be part of the will to live. When you stay too long in a place, you forget just how big an expanse the world is. You get no sense of the length of those longitudes and latitudes. Just as, she supposed, it is hard to have a sense of the vastness inside any one person. But once you sense that vastness, once something reveals it, hope emerges, whether you want it to or not, and it clings to you as stubbornly as lichen clings to rock.”
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
“To be running breathlessly, but not yet arrived, is itself delightful, a suspended moment of living hope.”
“To be truly radical is to make hope possible rather than despair convincing”
“To be unbroken, what would that be? If words that were spoken, had not shattered me”
“To believe and yet to have no hope is to thirst beside a fountain.”
“To believe, despite everything, to have hope- that was a choice.”
“To die, so young to die. No, no, not I, I love the warm sunny skies, light, song, shining eyes, I want no war, no battle cry, No, no, not I.”
“To find your haven between the pages to smell the words that never grow old .to sink your deeps in the tales of long lost times . to emerge with every trembling in your voice .is to be the untamed soul  gleaming like gold ..”
“To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.”
“To have Christian hope means to know about evil and yet to go to meet the future with confidence. The core of faith rests upon accepting being loved by God, and therefore to believe is to say Yes, not only to him, but to creation, to creatures, above all, to men, to try to see the image of God in each person and thereby to become a lover. That's not easy, but the basic Yes, the conviction that God has created men, that he stands behind them, that they aren't simply negative, gives love a reference point that enables it to ground hope on the basis of faith.”
“To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.”
“To have hope in these times is an act of courage. To experience catastrophic sadness, to recognize the brutality of life, and still maintain hope--That is everything. Because in order to flourish in the desert, to grow in the bleak, shallow dust and still believe in the possibility of beauty requires a special kind of persistence, It's not only patience and grit and strength, I realized. It's also faith.”
“To hear the phrase "our only hope" always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn't work, there is nothing left.”
“To hope for nothing, to expect nothing, to demand nothing. This is analytical despair.”
“To hope is to accept despair as an emotion but not as an analysis. To recognize that what is unlikely is possible, just as what is likely is not inevitable. To understand that difficult is not the same as impossible.”
“To hope under the most extreme circumstances is an act of defiance that permits a person to live his life on his own terms. It is part of the human spirit to endure and give a miracle a chance to happen.”
“To hope,' said Indigo, clinking her glass to mine. 'And to all the beautiful ways in which we can forget its fatality.”
“To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings; we need to transcend, transport, escape; we need meaning, understanding, and explanation; we need to see over-all patterns in our lives. We need hope, the sense of a future. And we need freedom (or, at least, the illusion of freedom) to get beyond ourselves, whether with telescopes and microscopes and our ever-burgeoning technology, or in states of mind that allow us to travel to other worlds, to rise above our immediate surroundings. We may seek, too, a relaxing of inhibitions that makes it easier to bond with each other, or transports that make our consciousness of time and mortality easier to bear. We seek a holiday from our inner and outer restrictions, a more intense sense of the here and now, the beauty and value of the world we live in.”
“To love is much easier than to despair, even when all of your hope has been burned to ashes.”
“To love is to soar in the wild unexpectedly.”
“To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.”
“To my Homegirl, my Best Friend, my Rock, Hope, Because without her, what the hell have we got?”
“To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.”
“To say goodbye, is to die a little. To say good morning, is a hope for a new sunshine in a cloudy winter.”
“To them I was first a Black, then a Black from another country, and then a person.”
“To think that my destination is uncertain, Makes me strive, as success is not certain, Prevents me from giving up, as failure is also not certain, And fills my heart with hope, A hope that will get me to my destination, as uncertain as it may seem.”
“To this day, I can never shake the connection between this boy, Peeta Mellark, and the bread that gave me hope, and the dandelion that reminded me that I was not doomed.”
“To those peoples in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required - not because the Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.”
“To travel hopefully is better than to have arrived.”
“To wake from slumber with a consciousness of well-being is to welcome joy that is knocking at your door. To be possessed of hope is to summon joy that never knocked, and is perhaps the deeper joy for not being dependent on any feeling or circumstance.”
“To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect”
“Today I wore a pair of faded old jeans and a plain grey baggy shirt. I hadn't even taken a shower, and I did not put on an ounce of makeup. I grabbed a worn out black oversized jacket to cover myself with even though it is warm outside. I have made conscious decisions lately to look like less of what I felt a male would want to see. I want to disappear.”
“Today is the one that introduces Yesterday to Tomorrow. If it weren't for Today, Nostalgia would never meet Hope.”
“Today is your new future; yesterday is in your past”
“Tomorrow, you promise yourself, things will be different, yet, tomorrow is too often a repetition of today. And you disappoint yourself again and again.”
“Too often we have stripped our single greatest asset of its power and hobbled it to the degree that it has come to be viewed only as a pathetic last resort. Yet despite our incessant meddling, this asset nonetheless remains a first resort so potent that it never needs a last one. And that asset is prayer.”
“Totally without hope one cannot live. To live without hope is to cease to live. Hell is hopelessness. It is no accident that above the entrance to Dante's hell is the inscription: "Leave behind all hope, you who enter here.”
“Tous mes anciens amours vont me revenir.' - All my old loves will be returned to me”
“Translate your battles onto blank canvases for there are others walking alongside you. You are their light when they want to give up. It’s okay to not feel okay, but please stay connected. - #TranslationsOfHope”
“Trauma buries me. But prayer has a huge shovel.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings.”
“Truly I have looked into the very heart of darkness, and refused to yield to its paralyzing influence, but in spirit I am one of those who walk the morning. What if all dark, discouraging moods of the human mind come across my way as thick as the dry leaves of autumn? Other feet have traveled that road before me, and I know the desert leads to god as surely as the green, refreshing fields, and orchards.”
“Trump’s America is not America: not today’s or tomorrow’s, but yesterday’s. Trump’s America is brutal, perverse, regressive, insular and afraid. There is no hope in it; there is no light in it. It is a vast expanse of darkness and desolation. And that is a vision of America that most of the people in this country cannot and will not abide.”
“Trust me, divorce is not a hall pass. While it can feel like freedom to some, it can feel like death to others. Either way, it inevitably comes rushing upstream carrying a containership of grief and guilt. It’s like a bad dream, even when you didn’t realize you were asleep.”
“Trust to some was placing all your insecurities and beliefs in one single person, and hoping he or she wouldn’t squash them.”
“Truth is a priceless treasure, but worthless if buried. Value simplicity. Pause to smell a rose, preferably planted by your hand, for it will smell sweeter. Toil builds character; heartache tests our fortitude. The key to happiness is forgiveness, forgiving ourselves most of all.”
“Try again; you have millions of alternatives. Fill yourself with the bullets of hope and you will kill failure with one shot.”
“Try to see the good in all things ”
“Trying to do enough in order to be enough, we keep grabbing that rope and pulling it with all our might.”
“Turn around and believe that the good news that we are loved is better than we ever dared hope, and that to believe in that good news, to live out of it and toward it, to be in love with that good news, is of all glad things in this world the gladdest thing of all. Amen, and come Lord Jesus.”
“Two days ago, birdsong filled the air, which smelled of promise and upcoming summer. So much for that. Instead, she awoke to another blizzard. Welcome to the Lowlands, where spring is merely a two-degree warmer extension of winter. ”
“Two lost things that had survived the seas and arrived on a coastline. What did they do? They implanted themselves in the sand and grew into trees and lined the beaches. Sometimes a lot can come of being all washed up. You can really grow.”
“Una Salus Victis Nullam Sperare Salutem - (Latin - written 19 BC) The only hope for the doomed, is no hope at all ”
“Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.”
“Unforgiveness denies the victim the possibility of parole and leaves them stuck in the prison of what was, incarcerating them in their trauma and relinquishing the chance to escape beyond the pain.”
“Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance.”
“Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers’ cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism.”
“Until that fateful moment, I did not quite understand the anatomy of fear. Creeping up surreptitiously, it could permeate your skin and, before you knew it, course through your veins like a tidal wave. A thumping heart and a parched mouth were classic symptoms of surrender. With the rational side of the brain hijacked, fear could paralyse you at will or compel you to jump out of your skin when you most need to stay calm. Standing in those raging waters, I learnt that fear most certainly could kill”
“Until we meet someday.”
“Use a pen to write the story but use your heart to tell the tale.”
“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
“Viral Code …I want my dreams And I want them now; Give me my dreams; Only dreams can cure me; Everyone deserves dreams Because no one deserves them”
“Vulnerability is essential to spiritual and creative growth. Finding enormous strength through vulnerability. You're being open to whatever happens, including failure and shame. The two are connected, maybe - vulnerability and freedom.”
“Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone”
“Walking through darkness with thoughts full of colors".”
“Wasn't it better if they kept this desire to see each other hidden within them, and never actually got together? That way, there would always be hope in their hearts. That hope would be a small, yet vital flame that warmed them to their core-- a tiny flame to cup one's hands around and protect from the wind, a flame that the violent winds of reality might easily extinguish.”
“Watching my parents I've learnt a lesson many do not recognize. True love is not signaled by romantic, candle light dinners, red roses glistening with dew, or even Valentine's day celebrations. While these things may accompany our feelings, love is truly more than all those! Love is being with your spouse even when its not pleasing. Sometimes, love is walking down the hall, with your spouse hanging onto your shoulders and walking at a turtle's pace down the hall, just because surgery made life a burden. Love is patient, love is kind, love is Jesus! May we always remember love is not always tied in bows!﻿”
“We agreed that the true enemy of man is not man. Our enemy is not outside of us. Our true enemy is the anger, hatred, and discrimination that is found in the hearts and minds of man.”
“We all begin to loose once we stop hoping.”
“We all flee in hope of finding some ground of security”
“We all give up great expectations along the way.”
“We all knew, deep down, that there was nothing to be done against the faeries. We'd all been told it, regardless of class or rank, from the moment we were born, the warnings sung to us while we rocked in cradles, the rhymes chanted in schoolyards. One of the High Fae could turn your bones to dust from a hundred yards away. Not that my sisters or I had ever seen it. But we still tried to believe that something- anything- might work against them, if we ever were to encounter them. There were two stalls in the market catering to those fears, offering up charms and baubles and incantations and bits of iron. I couldn't afford them- and if they did indeed work, they would buy us only a few minutes to prepare ourselves. Running was futile; so was fighting.”
“We all make mistakes,” Lucanos said. “The danger lies in letting those mistakes make us.” “Make us what?” asked Belle. “Make us believe we can’t put things right. Make us think there’s no hope. Make us give up,” the beetle said, giving Belle a very direct look.”
“We are alive. We are human, with good and bad in us. That's all we know for sure. We can't create a new species or a new world. That's been done. Now we have to live within those boundaries . What are our choices? We can despair and curse, and change nothing. We can choose evil like our enemies have done and create a world based on hate. Or we can try to make things better.”
“We are all just daughters, which makes us sisters. Sisters are not supposed to intimidate each other but invite each other. We aren’t supposed to try to make our sisters feel uncomfortable or less-than; we’re supposed to invite them into our space and help them feel like they belong.”
“We are all on Death Row, but some of us are looking at parole”
“We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss.”
“We are going to win our freedom because both the sacred heritage of our nation and the eternal will of the Almighty God are embodied in our echoing demands. So however difficult it is during this period, however difficult it is to continue to live with the agony and the continued existence of racism, however difficult it is to live amidst the constant hurt, the constant insult and the constant disrespect, I can still sing we shall overcome. We shall overcome because the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice. We shall overcome because Carlisle is right. "No lie can live forever." We shall overcome because William Cullen Bryant is right. "Truth crushed to earth will rise again." We shall overcome because James Russell Lowell is right. "Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne."   Yet that scaffold sways the future. We shall overcome because the Bible is right.  "You shall reap what you sow." With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to speed up the day when all of God's children all over this nation - black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old negro spiritual, "Free at Last, Free at Last, Thank God Almighty, We are Free At Last.”
“We are mosaics - pieces of light, love, history, stars -- glued together with magic and music and words.”
“We are only limited by what we can dream.”
“We are preaching hope, standing on the bones of the past.”
“We are ready to despair too soon, we are ready to say, ‘What’s the good of doing anything?’ Hope is the virtue we should cultivate most in this present day and age.”
“We are the intelligent elite among animal life on earth and whatever our mistakes, [Earth] needs us. This may seem an odd statement after all that I have said about the way 20th century humans became almost a planetary disease organism. But it has taken [Earth] 2.5 billion years to evolve an animal that can think and communicate its thoughts. If we become extinct she has little chance of evolving another.”
“We artists know how to address transformation-- how to grow empathy, passion, and collectivity-- Spirituality knows how to address transformation-- but not with formal systems-- Systems breed safety-- follow this and you will be this, do this and you will do that, get here and you will get there. ﻿ But empathy, passion, and collectivity grow from the recognition that we are not safe, that no one is safe, that our only hope is to care for ourselves and each other, and that we must each figure out our own way to do that.”
“We believe the world could use more love, and we have love to give. So we give it, just because we can. That's what it means to Love Without Reason.”
“We believe what we want to believe." page 109”
“We can ast for comfort and hope and patience and courage . . . and we’ll git what we ast for. They ain’t no gar’ntee thet we ain’t go’n have no troubles and ain’t go’n die. But shore as frogs croak and cows bellow, God’ll forgive us if’n we ast Him to.”
“We can be friends. We can be anything we want to be.”
“We can be redeemed only to the extent to which we see ourselves.”
“We can be skeptical -- demanding evidence before we believe in people -- but hopeful knowing they can change for the better”
“We cannot get anywhere without hope and yet we cannot get anywhere on hope alone.”
“We cannot have reckless hope  Everything that actually happens happens in the real world, our real world. We need to take action, have hope and faith, but also learn from what actually occurs  Another tricky balancing act. Another contradictory co-existing reality. Another tightrope dance.”
“We cannot know what will come. Besides, if it is a choice between knowledge and hope, I would prefer her to have hope.”
“We carry within us the wonders we seek without us.”
“We cherish all the past, we glide a-down the present, awake yet dreaming; but the future of ours together—there the bird sings loudest, and the sun shines always there ”
“We come from people who found hope wherever they went.”
“We do matter. To believe that our lives are meaningful is the essence of faith. We are not as large, or as bright, or as eternal as the stars, but we carry humankind's message of love across the galaxy. We are the first. We are the world makers. Our nourishment is hope. Like the tender reed shaking in the wind, we will reach up to a new sun.”
“We do not get to choose when in our lives we feel pain," said Matthew. "It comes when it comes, and we try to remember, even though we cannot imagine a day when it will release its hold on us, that all pain fades. All misery passes. Humanity is drawn to light, not darkness.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate.”
“We found out a long time ago that we weren’t meant to fall in love with each other. But a part of me still fell in hope with him”
“We get to grab the pen and write the next line. We aren’t starting a whole new book; we are just writing a new chapter. The last chapter of our life ended with the loss—the divorce, the death of a dream, the career collapse, whatever it may be. Even though it ended, this is where the story gets good. We get to decide what happens next. If we are still alive, we get to dream! You haven’t lost it all. You are still here! This isn’t the end of your story; it’s the start of a new chapter, and you, my friend, are holding the pen. What do you want your story to be?”
“We go to bed every night with the hope that there will be sunrise in the morning. Clouds can delay it but cannot stop it forever.”
“We grow up with such an idealistic view on how our life should be; love, friendships, a career or even the place we will live ~ only to age and realise none of it is what you expected & reality is a little disheartening, when you've reached that realisation; you have learnt the gift of all, any new beginning can start now and if you want anything bad enough you'll find the courage to pursue it with all you have. The past doesn't have to be the future, stop making it so.”
“We have a hope because God is our Divine Helper.”
“We have been granted everything that we need to make the world everything that we wish it to be. And it is my ardent prayer that we would likewise be granted faith sufficient to ignite a vision so utterly irrepressible that this ‘wish’ would become the reality that it is begging to become.”
“We have such numerous interests in our lives that it is not uncommon, on a single occasion, for the foundations of a happiness that does not yet exist to be laid down alongside the intensification of a grief from which we are still suffering.”
“We have to find a way to think-- think things through-- think beyond-- go wide-- go deep-- together. One to One and All to All we must Connect Affect Compromise Find a way forward together-- or I truly believe we've lost all hope.”
“We hold our dreams and ideals close to our hearts, where the promises are made to the future generations.”
“We hope that we will live only because we must be with God, as alive as He is.”
“We know the battle ahead will be long, but always remember that no matter what obstacles stand in our way, nothing can stand in the way of the power of millions of voices calling for change. We have been told we cannot do this by a chorus of cynics they will only grow louder and more dissonant    .. We've been asked to pause for a reality check. We've been warned against offering the people of this nation false hope. But in the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.”
“We live in a time that hungers for HOPE; to believe in MIRACLES and DREAMS, for without these soul gems, humanity is ripped at the seams.”
“We look into each other's eyes as we shake. His are still full of death and horror, but in them I see my face reflected, and inside my tiny eyes inside his, I think I see some hope.”
“We love with all our heart but we also keep our heart light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes.”
“We may be helpless to stop bad things from happening, but perhaps God leaves us signs and road maps to help us recover and reconnect, provided we know where to look.”
“We may hear our hearts say, ‘It's hopeless!’ but we should argue back.”
“We may lose battles but we are stronger and the only thing that can defeat us ultimately is our willingness to accept defeat. We cannot accept defeat. I do not accept defeat.”
“We mourn the blossoms of May because they are to whither; but we know that May is one day to have its revenge upon November, by the revolution of that solemn circle which never stops---which teaches us in our height of hope, ever to be sober, and in our depth of desolation, never to despair.”
“We must always remember that it is the things of the spirit that in the end prevail. That caring counts. That where there is no vision, people perish. That hope and faith count, and that without charity there can be nothing good. That by daring to live dangerously, we are learning to live generously. And that by believing in the inherent goodness of man, we may   'stride forward into the unknown with growing confidence.”
“We must be content to grow slowly. Most of us will still barely be at the beginning of our recovery by the time we die. But that is better than killing ourselves pretending to be healthy.”
“We must live in the radiance of tomorrow, as our ancestors have suggested in their tales. For what is yet to come tomorrow has possibilities, and we must think of it, the simplest glimpse of that possibility of goodness. That will be our strength. That has always been our strength.”
“We must look to Mary's example to know how to deal with the glorious impossibilities of God. Look how she turned the world upside down by making one simple statement  ”
“We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.”
“We must seek together to address the good aspirations of people everywhere, for we are bound together through great commonality.”
“We must take advantage of those moments of wonder-- those moments that stir up the creative juices, that foster belief and faith-- to re-imagine what is possible in ourselves, in our lives, in our world. And then we must make use of all that beautiful renewed energy, all that hope and determination-- to move, to effect change.”
“We must, especially within the Church, come to terms with the reality that a person with depression doesn’t always appear sad. Mental illness can often be invisible. The one struggling might be bubbly, accomplished, and concerned about their appearance. There is this filter applied so no one can see the inner chaos that silently suffocates them under the weight of despair.”
“We need each other more than ever. We cannot get through it alone, find the hope to move forward and do all we need to do alone, find the joy and beauty alone to have the incentive to find the hope.”
“We need hope as much as we need bread and meat,' he interrupted, his eyes clear for a rare moment. 'We need hope, or else we cannot endure. So let her keep this hope, Feyre. Let her imagine a better life. A better world.”
“We need hope, or else we cannot endure.”
“We need more hope. We need more mercy. We need more justice.”
“We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreperably broken.”
“We need never be without hope because we can never be irreparably broken.”
“We need to shed our unearthly and nonsocial and idealistic and romantic and uber-spiritual visions of kingdom and get back to what Jesus meant. By kingdom, Jesus means: God's Dream Society on earth, spreading out from the land of Israel to encompass the whole world.”
“We need to think of the future, while at the same time learn to live in the moment.”
“We never know when our last day on earth will be. So, love with full sincerity, believe with true faith, and hope with all of your might. Better to have lived in truth and discovered life, than to have lived half heartedly and died long before you ever ceased breathing. ”
“We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.”
“We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears.”
“We see the pain and the misery around the world and what the demonic kingdom and the devil and demons have done to mankind.”
“We shall all need the endurance of Dwarves. But come! With hope or without hope we will follow the trail of our enemies. And woe to them, if we prove the swifter! We will make such as shall be accounted a marvel among the Three Kindreds: Elves, Dwarves, and Men. Forth the Three Hunters!”
“We shall all, in the end, be led to where we belong. We shall all, in the end, find our way home.”
“We share this moment not through touch but our eyes, yours brilliant, shining, willing, wanting to know feel the pain, understand, mine dead to the world, a bleak history of empty files”
“We should ask God to increase our hope when it is small, awaken it when it is dormant, confirm it when it is wavering, strengthen it when it is weak, and raise it up when it is overthrown.”
“We should never despair. Beyond, there is hope! In the meantime, there is resilience. ("Waiting for Eureka")”
“We sometimes eclipse our own dreams with reality (p.43)”
“We spring from one great tree of life so when our actions are rooted in peace and love, we all thrive. The moment that we begin to feel superior to another, our roots weaken and we start to lose our humanity. Let us not be afraid to face fear with love. Always remember that love trumps every form of hate.”
“We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”
“We truly believed in something back then, and we knew we were the kind of people capable of believing in something - with all our hearts. And that kind of hope will never simply vanish.”
“We were planting seeds of change, the fruit of which we might never see. We had to be patient.”
“We will keep on planting flowers until spring is ours.”
“We would be a lot safer if the Government would take its money out of science and put it into astrology and the reading of palms. I used to think that science would save us, and science certainly tried. But we can't stand any more tremendous explosions, either for or against democracy. Only in superstition is there hope. If you want to become a friend of civilization, then become an enemy of truth and a fanatic for harmless balderdash. I know that millions of dollars have been spent to produce this splendid graduating class, and that the main hope of your teachers was, once they got through with you, that you would no longer be superstitious. I' sorry—I have to undo that now. I beg you to believe in the most ridiculous superstition of all: that humanity is at the center of the universe, the fulfiller or the frustrator of the grandest dreams of God Almighty. If you can believe that, and make others believe it, then there might be hope for us. Human beings might stop treating each other like garbage, might begin to treasure and protect each other instead. Then it might be alright to have babies again.”
“We yearned for the future. How did we learn it, that talent for insatiability?”
“We're afraid he has plans for others, but not for us. That he has hopes for others, but not for us. That he has a future for others, but not for us. That he's with us but that he's turned his back on us.”
“We're alive. And we have hope. I say, no matter what, we're heading in the right direction.”
“We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.”
“We're going to find him,' he whispered. 'It's going to be OK.' And Pip, for a moment, dared to believe him.”
“We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.”
“We're the same, you and me. You know it deep down," Charlie's voice intruded, speaking inside her head. And the scariest thing was, Pip didn't know if he was wrong. She couldn't say how they were different. She just knew they were. It was a feeling beyond words. Or maybe, just maybe, that feeling was only hope.”
“We've been surviving in order to reach this moment, this discovery, the Hilltop  This is our future. We can rebuild civilization now. We're one step closer to getting back to the way things were before. We can be at peace again. We can raise our children again. We can love our families again.”
“Well and good if all things change, O Lord God, provided I am rooted in You.”
“Well, God’s vision is clearer than mine, he may both see a way out of this tangle and open my eyes to it when the time is ripe. There’s a path through every forest, and a safe passage somewhere through every marsh, it needs only the finding.”
“Well, right now it seems that things are going very badly for me, have been doing so for some considerable time, and may continue to do so well into the future. But it is possible that everything will get better after it has all seemed to go wrong. I am not counting on it, it may never happen, but if there should be a change for the better I should regard that as a gain, I should rejoice, I should say, at last! So there was something after all!”
“Well,” Sadi said in her matter-of-fact way, “the story goes that after the Creator had made all the plants and flowers in the world, he noticed that one flower, in particular, couldn’t quite keep its shape. It kept shifting and changing as if it couldn’t decide what it wanted to be or look like. Like it was trying to hide amongst the other flowers. The Creator didn’t want it to hide or be unsure of what it wanted it to be. He realized doing that over and over made it sick. So, he lovingly placed one of his hands on its petals and fused all its different forms into one. He told it that out of all the flowers in all the world it would be the strongest and most resilient, hence the reason it can bloom in the desert. Ever since then the flower has represented boldness to accept inevitable changes, that being different and unique is beautiful. It reminds us that the Creator made us all different, some more than others, but that doesn’t make us any less beautiful or worthy of acceptance and love.”
“Were you born to obey?”
“Western civilization places so much emphasis on the idea of hope that we sacrifice the present moment. Hope is for the future. It cannot help us discover joy, peace, or enlightenment in the present moment.”
“We’re a couple of shooting stars, Biggs, and we’ll never be stopped.”
“We’re all orchestrations of carbon. Blood and bone and dreams and madness and love and hate swirling inside us all. And with it, the capacity to destroy or save ourselves and everyone around us. You just have hope you won’t destroy, because, in the end, hope’s all we have. Hope that you won’t self-destruct. Hope you’ll do right by the people you love. Hope that you’ll be a better man tomorrow than you were today.”
“We’re all seeking, faith, hope and love which is already there inside me and you.”
“We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own.”
“What Dara needs now is not the Doubt-Ender, but the emptiness of doubtful potential. When the heart has been cleansed by doubt, every hope becomes a possibility. I want to tell a story that the people don’t expect, a story of empathy that encompasses the world.”
“What I want is so simple I almost can't say it: elementary kindness.”
“What a feat to go forward and [backward] at the same time. Astonishing.”
“What a hope! What an anchor for the soul facing any storm! God reigns supreme, above all. He is in control of everything and nothing happens in this life without His knowledge and eternal purpose. That is dynamite right there.”
“What a lovely thing a rose is!" He walked past the couch to the open window and held up the drooping stalk of a moss-rose, looking down at the dainty blend of crimson and green. It was a new phase of his character to me, for I had never before seen him show any keen interest in natural objects. "There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as religion," said he, leaning with his back against the shutters. "It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its color are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.”
“What are we going to do, Dogger?' It seemed a reasonable question. After all he had been through, surely Dogger knew something of hopeless situations. 'We shall wait upon tomorrow,' he said. 'But--what if tomorrow is worse than today?' 'Then we shall wait upon the day after tomorrow.' 'And so forth?' I asked. 'And so forth,' Dogger said.”
“What are we, if not dreams and hope and love and pain held in a body sometimes too small to hold it all?”
“What are you planting today to harvest tomorrow?”
“What can I say about life? Do I praise it for letting you live, or damn it for allowing the rest?”
“What can you do how much can you give to bring grace and salvation unto even one soul”
“What could be sillier than having an imaginary boyfriend?”
“What cracks had he left in their hearts? Did they love less now and settle for less in return, as they held onto parts of themselves they did not want to give and lose again? Or - and he wished this - did they love more fully because they had survived pain, so no longer feared it?”
“What did I tell you? Something's happening!' cried Sam. '"The war's going well," said Shagrat; but Gorbag he wasn't so sure. And he was right there too. Things are looking up, Mr. Frodo. haven't you got some hope now?' 'Well, no, not much, Sam,' Frodo sighed. 'That's away beyond the mountains. We're going east not west. And I'm so tired. And the Ring is so heavy, Sam. And I begin to see it in my mind all the time, like a great wheel of fire.”
“What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
“What do we do with our despair if our lives are too small to contain it?’ . . . .accept that there’s so much we’ll never understand intellectually and try to live with things which don’t add up, that what’s most important might be something we can only just sense, and teach our brains to illuminate our hearts and help us live with contradictions that can’t be cancelled out and become more open to the idea that being a mere mortal is enough, more than enough in most respects, and once we’re alive, and once we’re alive, try to live with gratitude and passion rather than shame and paralysis.” pp (153-154)”
“What do you do when you’ve finally resigned yourself to your own inevitable extermination, and someone offers you a way out? Any hope in a place like this almost has to be false; all it can do is shake your determination, tempt you with thoughts of after this is over when you should just be thinking about getting the job done now. Hope is distraction, hope is fear undercutting resolve, because hope gives you back that most terrible of battlefield commodities: something to lose.”
“What do you want to be remembered for? Nothing, I am already all the things I can remember for my own purpose.”
“What does not frighten us at sunset is that it will rise again tomorrow morning! Darkness is only tolerated if it is not permanent! The strength to endure the devil is the hope that the devil will soon go to hell!”
“What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward.”
“What gives me hope is that human history is full of examples of people across the ages who have risen to face the great challenges of their time and have succeeded. Victory is not the arrival in some promised land; it is the series of imperfect victories along the way that edge us closer to building the critical mass that eventually shifts the status quo.”
“What good contrast do you want to make in the world? Do you want to be generous in a world that withholds? Kind in a world that makes fun? Deep in a world that’s shallow? All about relationships in a world that’s all about advancement? Start looking for ways to spend your precious time on activities that educate, expand, and encourage you—things that give you life instead of death. Make little choices today to turn up the contrast.”
“What hope is there?" I asked. "If even angels fall, what hope is there for the rest of us?”
“What hurts so bad about youth isn't the actual butt whippings the world delivers. It's the stupid hopes playacting like certainties.”
“What if every dream you ever dreamt was a part of a dream that you're living? To my Smiling Soul, If there is one thing I have learnt over Time that stands solid and can pass the test of Time in every Universe then that is the Strength of our Soul when we live through the Smile of our Heart. It doesn't matter, how much time goes by, how many detours or losses fell on your path, as long as you stand your ground, as long as you don't let regret or failure to get the better of you, you win, you walk with slow but steady steps knowing there is someone watching over you, holding onto integrity and grace. You remember to bury your pain, your loss, your sorrow and plant a seed of Love instead with a Hope that someday, Somewhere in some corner of this Universe you will find your due, something that only He alone can give you, something that is yours, entirely yours. Until then, keep reminding the world that a Unicorn doesn't need to be a lion or a wolf in the wilderness of Life. - your Smiling Dream To every Dreamer, keep weaving that halo of dream for you never know where you might end up in the Smile of Time, because Life knows exactly the Dream that Life weaves around us. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to simply try and be good and courageous and bold and to make a difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you.”
“What is a game?' Marx said. 'It is tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's the possibility of infinite rebirth, infinite redemption. The idea that if you keep playing, you could win. No loss is permanent, because nothing is permanent, ever.”
“What is a wish but a reality that’s getting tired of being a wish.”
“What is false about hope?”
“What lies ahead seems unlikely; when it becomes the past, it seems inevitable.”
“What makes a hero? Courage, strength, morality, withstanding adversity? Are these the traits that truly show and create a hero? Is the light truly the source of darkness or vice versa? Is the soul a source of hope or despair? Who are these so called heroes and where do they come from? Are their origins in obscurity or in plain sight?”
“What was Neil supposed to do with a truth like this? He was going to be dead in four months, five if he was lucky. He wasn't supposed to be this for anyone, Andrew least of all. Andrew said all year long—had said it to Neil's face just this week—that he didn't want anything. Neil shouldn't be the exception to that rule.”
“What was building a web but a gustatory expression of hope?”
“What was it about not knowing a person that allowed you to wonder whether she might be the answer to all your problems?”
“What was wrong with these American students? Didn’t they know I was the teacher and they had to do as I said? I learned quickly that my authority meant little, if anything, to them. I was not the all-powerful and feared mwalimu (teacher) of Africa.”
“What we have at the moment isn't as the old liturgies used to say, 'the sure and certain hope of the resurrection of the dead,' but a vague and fuzzy optimism that somehow things may work out in the end. ”
“What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH.”
“What will you do now with the gift of your left life?”
“What you focus on and the way you think will determine the way you live.”
“What's so good about giving up? Is it better to escape from reality, to the point where you're throwing away your hope?”
“Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighbourhood of despair. Even when all doors remain closed, God wil open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that has been denied.”
“Whatever your situation, don't give up on hope, hold on, pray for strength.”
“When God created you, He created a work of art, a masterpiece not meant to be compared to any other form of creation. The image of beauty you were designed to reach is right in front of you. In you He has created a new, original design for the world to enjoy beholding. Go look around, and you will not find one other piece of creation that looks exactly like you.”
“When God says, ‘Do not fear,’ He means it. We aren’t supposed to fear anything at any time for any reason.”
“When Hope disappears ~ Faith steps in ”
“When I listened to her, I understood: You have to hold out to see how your life unfolds, because it is most likely beyond what you can imagine. It is not a question of if you will survive this, but what beautiful things await you when you do. I had to believe her, because she was living proof. Then she said, Good and bad things come from the universe holding hands. Wait for the good to come.”
“When I reach the end of one row, I continue straight on away from the barn and the farm and the road. I walk until I come to a pile of hay bales and plop myself down. The sun is bright and the air is sharp. In the distance I hear the lowing of cows. It's so peaceful here. "Merry Christmas, " I whisper to myself. "Merry Christmas, Nate.”
“When I say "hope", I don't mean hope for anything in particular. I guess I just mean it's worth it to keep one's eyes open.”
“When I touched that boy, I felt something. Something awful. Something I can’t describe.” “We all felt it,” Nick said. “You may have felt it, but I caused it.” Then both his eyes seemed to go far away. “Something changed out there. I don’t know what it was, but something in the world changed because that kid didn’t deserve what I did to him—and the powers that be know that I did it.” Nick watched as a tear fell from his Everlost eye and disappeared through the living world table. “What if,” said Nick, not even sure what he was going to say yet, “what if you were that kid and you were told you could change the world, but you would have to sacrifice yourself to do it?” Clarence chuckled at the thought. “I believe that question was already asked a long time ago, and that creepy kid did not look anything like Jesus to me.” “But you do think that something changed. . . .” “I don’t know whether it’s good or bad.” “What if it’s neither?” suggested Nick. “What if we get to make it one or the other?”
“When Robert was younger he lived somewhere else. When asked, he could never say exactly where, for the simple but painful reason that the nature of his removal from his home had been so sudden and rough and frightening, and had taken such a long time to end, that by the time he found himself in his new home and dared to open his eyes, he had not the slightest idea where he was or where he had come from.”
“When a scary thought first works its way into your brain, you have a choice. You can camp out on that thought in your mind, like my Two-Mama says not to do. Or you can deal with it right away to keep it from becoming bigger and scarier than it already is.”
“When a soothing wind blows gently love through the thistledown of expectations, hope may inveigle the future for timeless care and tenderness to be anchored in a bay of good luck. ("Happiness blowing in the wind" )”
“When all else is lost, the future still remains.”
“When asked if I am pessimistic or optimistic about the future, my answer is always the same: if you look at the science about what is happening on earth and aren't pessimistic, you don't understand the data. But if you meet the people who are working to restore this earth and the lives of the poor, and you aren't optimistic, you haven't got a pulse.”
“When by my solitary hearth I sit, When no fair dreams before my “mind’s eye” flit, And the bare heath of life presents no bloom; Sweet Hope, ethereal balm upon me shed, And wave thy silver pinions o’er my head.”
“When doctors give up, patients don’t always die.”
“When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them.”
“When hope disappears, depression sets in.”
“When hope is fleeting, stop for a moment and visualize, in a sky of silver, the crescent of a lavender moon. Imagine it -- delicate, slim, precise, like a paper-thin slice from a cabochon jewel. It may not be very useful, but it is beautiful. And sometimes it is enough.”
“When in darkness .strike a match”
“When it hurt to look back, look forward.”
“When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.”
“When it was dark, you always carried the sun in your hand for me.”
“When man is brutalized in such a place like this, he is looking for small signs. The smallest sign that someone is worried for him is like a fire on the dark mountain. When a man knows somebody cares, he keeps some small place, a corner maybe of his soul, clean and lit.”
“When much of the music, instruments and musicians are all tuned to a variation of frequencies, some melodies then, prone, to split some notes.”
“When my depression turned to anger, I knew I was on the way to recovery.”
“When our dreams don’t come true, sometimes we can hand them down to our children and hope that they will come true for them. The joy can be immeasurable just the same.”
“When scorching passion only leaves ashes of unfulfilled dreams, hope may entice the sprinkling magic of our imagination into livening up the footlights on a new stage of life. ("Taken for a ride")”
“When she thought about what it might mean to step out into the world she could hardly breathe, she could hardly think. It felt like suffocating, waiting for the next enemy to take his swing. Was she ready for that? Would she ever be ready for that? She’d thought Ely foolish, naïve. Maybe he was just brave enough to hope. Maybe she was just too scared.”
“When someone you love says goodbye you can stare long and hard at the door they closed and forget to see all the doors God has open in front of you.”
“When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures.”
“When the great ship containing the hopes and aspirations of the world, when the great ship freighted with mankind goes down in the night of death, chaos and disaster, I am willing to go down with the ship. I will not be guilty of the ineffable meanness of paddling away in some orthodox canoe. I will go down with the ship, with those who love me, and with those whom I have loved. If there is a God who will damn his children forever, I would rather go to hell than to go to heaven and keep the society of such an infamous tyrant. I make my choice now. I despise that doctrine. It has covered the cheeks of this world with tears. It has polluted the hearts of children, and poisoned the imaginations of men. It has been a constant pain, a perpetual terror to every good man and woman and child. It has filled the good with horror and with fear; but it has had no effect upon the infamous and base. It has wrung the hearts of the tender; it has furrowed the cheeks of the good. This doctrine never should be preached again. What right have you, sir, Mr. clergyman, you, minister of the gospel, to stand at the portals of the tomb, at the vestibule of eternity, and fill the future with horror and with fear ? I do not believe this doctrine: neither do you. If you did, you could not sleep one moment. Any man who believes it, and has within his breast a decent, throbbing heart, will go insane. A man who believes that doctrine and does not go insane has the heart of a snake and the conscience of a hyena.”
“When the murky clouds Began drizzling gloom When there was nothing But darkness around When everything Looked hazy and misty Suddenly there twinkled A star Far away.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“When the world caves in Still my hope will cling To Your promise Where my courage ends Let my heart find strength In Your presence”
“When today fails to offer the justification for hope, tomorrow becomes the only grail worth pursuing.”
“When we cannot share our values any longer and our incipient intentions have become blurry, common understanding may turn into irredeemable misunderstanding. If the spirit of common perspectives and commitments has irreversibly been broken, we might patently drift down into suspicion, remorse or regret. As such, shared initiatives ought to be reasoned and well thought-out to avoid ‘understanding’ becoming ‘misunderstanding’ and ‘hope’ breaking down into ‘heartbreak’. ("The unbreakable code " )”
“When we face adversity, it is hope that gives us the confidence to rally our indomitable spirit to overcome it.”
“When we loosen our hold on our emotions, they no longer have a hold on us.”
“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”
“When we only name the problem, when we state complaint without a constructive focus or resolution, we take hope away. In this way critique can become merely an expression of profound cynicism, which then works to sustain dominator culture.”
“When we see a mountain too hard to climb, God helps us climb it but in His own time.”
“When we see grey clouds and lightning causing a storm; God shows us His rainbow in its most beautiful form.”
“When we think our countless ideas are great, God knows His ideas are best when we wait.”
“When you Love.. you Expect.. Once u start Expecting.. u have Hope.. Hopes in return makes you to put Trust.. and Trust makes u prone to Betrayal.. and whn u r Betrayed.. Hell falls over U !!!”
“When you accept everything happily, you will always find the things that make you happy.”
“When you are certain about your next moves, and aware of your surroundings, anxiety fades away.”
“When you break a promise, you break someone's hope too.”
“When you don't know where you're going, you drive on the highway.”
“When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be.”
“When you faced hostile situations, you must always have hope to overlook the cruel conditions.”
“When you feel stunted, look to the trees.”
“When you feel that your life is limited, that you must measure each step, reflect on your pleasures, observe each detail  think only that you still have Life and, like everything else, it passes. Just live, while you can!”
“When you get ill do not get nervous about it and try as much as possible to be hopeful.”
“When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.”
“When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
“When you know that everything matters—that every move counts as much as any other—you will begin living a life of permanent purpose.”
“When you love someone, it's not despite their limitations. It's because of their limitations.”
“When you see people only as personalities, rather than souls with life missions to fulfill, you forever limit the growth and possibilities of what God has in store for another person.”
“When you start to feel like things should have been better this year, remember the mountains and valleys that got you here. They are not accidents, and those moments weren't in vain. You are not the same. You have grown and you are growing. You are breathing, you are living, you are wrapped in endless, boundless grace. And things will get better. There is more to you than yesterday.”
“When you starve and feed others you are doing a great deed and injustice at the same time.”
“When you use what God has given you to do what He calls and equips you to do, it may mean boldly facing something that seems unbeatable, just as Goliath seemed undefeatable to everyone except David. You can choose to be like David, not like the crowd. Believe that God is with you, fighting for you, and leading you to the win!”
“When you were a child, you used to run to me for protection. Now, in moments of weakness, I want to hide my head on your knees; I want you to be strong and wise; I want you to protect and defend me. I'm not always strong in spirit, Vitya – I can be weak too. I often think about suicide, but something holds me back – some weakness, or strength, or irrational hope.”
“When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.”
“When you're completely lost, when you have no idea what comes next or why things are happening, faith is what gets you through. Even if you're not sure what you believe, you keep doing the things you know in your heart are the right things. That is faith, Carter. It's not the absence of questions. It's continuing, day in and day out, in spite of those questions.”
“When you're in the middle of a nightmare, something ordinary is the only hope. Anyway, ordinary things are the best. I've always thought so.”
“When, at the end of their lives, most men look back they will find that they have lived throughout ad interim. They will be surprised to see that the very thing they allowed to slip unnapreciated and unenjoyed by was their life. And so a man, having been duped by hope, dances into the arms of death.”
“Whenever you see another child, maybe say the word ‘Daisy’ in your mind. Think of those as moments of your daughter sending you her love, instead of making it out to be a moment of loss. She can live in every single moment, and if you allow it, that can be a beautiful blessing.”
“Where there are bees there are flowers, and wherever there are flowers there is new life and hope.”
“Where there is No Vision, There is no Hope”
“Where there is a Key, there is yet hope.”
“Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow.”
“Where there is life, there is hope.”
“Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it.”
“Where there is no vision, there is no hope.”
“Where you are today is a fact, but not the limit of your personal growth and potential.”
“Wherever there's hope there's a trial.”
“Whether we wound or are wounded, the blood that flows is red.”
“While the heart beats, hope lingers.”
“While there is tea, there is hope.”
“While there is widespread argument that we are living in an unprecedented time of change, chaos, and pervasive conflicts, we are also living in an era of amazing technological innovations and stunning new discovery.”
“While there's life, there's hope.”
“While there’s death there’s hope”
“While we fight, there is hope. Nothing is ending yet.”
“Whitman, you once told me, is democracy on the page, messy and imperfect as we are in real life, which gave you hope that we would one day make real life true democracy, ripe blossom, pollen dusting every moment and person, each scampering mote of light. This is why as you lay dying, I read “I Hear America Singing” and knew you heard every word and could feel my hand on yours though you were already moving toward other miracles than this life. A sunflower followed your motion and a yellow dog stood guard. You, who lived the notion that the sun belongs to each and every one, beggars, dreamers, kings, all. You who believed banks could have hearts, for god’s sake! You have left it to us, messy and imperfect as we are and will be, to keep to the work side by side and as long as it takes, all the while singing of miracles just as Whitman and you taught us to do.”
“Who decided being eighteen years old was the perfect time to make this kind of decision, anyway?”
“Who you are is not determined by what you wear, the money in your wallet, nor how you look. Who you are is simply determined by who or what you follow. If you follow money you will only seek after such, giving your all for it. If you seek after what they call, 'fun,' your life will be aimed towards finding a way to fame, or a new way to party. If you follow the Lord Jesus your life will be given to Him, and the hopes and dreams you have will be in pleasing Him!! Everyone follows someone or something. Who will it be? Choose wisely- you are important!!”
“Whoever has a hope, knows happiness.”
“Whoever has life must have hope.”
“Whoso beset him round With dismal stories Do but themselves confound; His strength the more is.”
“Why I hoarded up this last wretched little rag of the robe of hope that was rent and given to the winds, how do I know! Why did you who read this, commit that not dissimilar inconsistency of your own, last year, last month, last week?”
“Why are we worn out? Why do we, who start out so passionate, brave, noble, believing, become totally bankrupt by the age of thirty or thirty-five? Why is it that one is extinguished by consumption, another puts a bullet in his head, a third seeks oblivion in vodka, cards, a fourth, in order to stifle fear and anguish, cynically tramples underfoot the portrait of his pure, beautiful youth? Why is it that, once fallen, we do not try to rise, and, having lost one thing, we do not seek another? Why?”
“Why did her family think pachinko was so terrible? Her father, a traveling salesman, had sold expensive life insurance policies to isolated housewives who couldn't afford them, and Mozasu created spaces where grown men and women could play pinball for money. Both men had made money from chance and fear and loneliness. Every morning, Mozasu and his men tinkered with the machines to fix the outcomes - there could only be a few winners and a lot of losers. And yet we played on, because we had hope that we might be the lucky ones. How could you get angry at the ones who wanted to be in the game? Etsuko had failed in this important way - she had not taught her children to hope, to believe in the perhaps-absurd possibility that they might win. Panchinko was a foolish game, but life was not.”
“Why did his heart always insist on believing that there was a light in all this darkness? Where did he keep getting new hope from, after he had been disappointed countless times?”
“Why do they do what they do with such regularity, such mindfulness, such devotion? They do it because it is their sacred work. They do it because not to do it would be to deny what they know is theirs to manage and care about. The right action does not depend upon having a right outcome. It depends on taking the action because that is the action that rises before you in the moment with all its grace and power and majesty -- and because it demands to be done. The action is all.”
“Why do we always believe that the path of our deepest desire would be so far from the path that God would have us walk? How is the path of desire so different from the path to the Giver of that desire?”
“Why does a human body become deceased? The reason is that as long as the human body is not free from suffering, mind cannot be happy. If a man lacks enthusiasm, either his body or mind is in a deceased condition . Now what saps the enthusiasm in man? If there is no enthusiasm, life becomes drudgery - a mere burden to be dragged. Nothing can be achieved if there is no enthusiasm. The main reason for this lack of enthusiasm on the part of a man is that an individual looses the hope of getting an opportunity to elevate himself. Hopelessness leads to lack of enthusiasm. The mind in such cases becomes deceased . When is enthusiasm created? When one breaths an atmosphere where one is sure of getting the legitimate reward for one's labor, only then one feels enriched by enthusiasm and inspiration.”
“Why does anything cling to something? Maybe they love wherever they’re going so much that it’s worth it. Maybe they’ll keep coming back, until there’s only one star left. Maybe that one star will make the trip forever, out of the hope that someday—if it keeps coming back often enough—another star will find it again..”
“Why don't people ask us about our hope? The answer is probably that we look as if we hope in the same things they do. Our lives don't look like they are on the Calvary road, stripped down for sacrificial love, serving others with the sweet assurance that we don't need to be rewarded in this life.”
“Why don't you just leave open the possibility that others love you, whether you like it or not, and that the people who'd like you to stick around aren't, to a man, wrong.”
“Why not? Why not anything? If God ain’t a God of why nots, than I say ‘Why bother,’ and I don’t think that’s takin his name in vain, I think it’s tellin the truth about what people need.”
“Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.”
“Will my life be miraculously free from pain, despair, grief, heartbreak, hardship, loneliness, depression? No. But do I want to live? Yes. *Yes.* A thousand times, yes.”
“Will this journey of mine ultimately take me to a pinnacle or a pit? I am certain to rise to the former if I journey with God, and I am doomed to land in the latter if I’ve neglected to extend Him an invitation.”
“Wishes didn't come true when you chased after a star.”
“With God, brokenness is nothing more than the stage upon which the impossible is about to happen.”
“With God, the word ‘impossible’ is itself impossible.”
“With a certain frustration I knew I spoke too soon, too urgently. I wanted to get out of the way the things I knew to say, wanted to say, the things I'd been thinking, all in the hope of moving into the unforeseen.”
“With a little more help from our friends the Cape of Good Hope is almost rounded.”
“With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love.”
“With each end, there’s a new beginning and with each beginning, there’s hope.”
“With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.”
“With every goal, wish, or plan we deem important, we invite anxiety.”
“With every goodbye comes a new beginning and we can look forward to the possibilities that lie ahead. When we part ways, we can take comfort in knowing that life was good.”
“With every mistake, we must surely be learning.”
“With every year that I grow older, I also draw closer to (my loved ones) to the day when we will once again be together. So I march through the deepening shadows, serene and unafraid, because I know that at the end of my journey they will be waiting for me.”
“With hope, we can endure any hardship.”
“With no need for a beginning, nor any reason to end, the music continues. And so, no matter who you are, where you came from, what sins you have committed or hurt you have endured  when you are alone and there is no universe left to remember you. You can always, always rewrite your song”
“With no positivity, there is no hope; with no negativity, there is no improvement.”
“With positive attitude, you can graciously overcome every adversity.”
“With tears of joy, I recalled Fat Mary’s role in my childhood. She had been my consoler and counselor since the day I understood I was alone in the world and had no one who loved me or wanted me. I had decided back then that I would love me, fat me, just as I was. Her role was also to safeguard the meaningful and happy moments of my childhood and bring them to me when I needed to remember life’s goodness.”
“With the need for the self in the time of another / I left my seaport grim and dear / knowing good work could be made / in the state governed by both Hope and Despair.”
“With your soil in my hands, I walk through the fire unscaved.”
“Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has no significance or hope.”
“Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“Wolves chased chimpanzees and evolved into dogs while chimpanzees chased dreams and evolved into humans. The outcome depends on what you choose to chase.”
“Women think in [Douglas] Sirk’s films. Something which has never struck me with other directors. None of them. Usually women are always reacting, doing what women are supposed to do, but in Sirk they think. It’s something that has to be seen. It’s great to see women think. It gives one hope. Honestly.”
“Worry looks back, Hope looks forward, but Faith always looks up.”
“Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.”
“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. He is rich who owns the day, and no one owns the day who allows it to be invaded with fret and anxiety. Finish every day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities, no doubt crept in. Forget them as soon as you can, tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely, with too high a spirit to be cumbered with your old nonsense. This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays.”
“Writing, truth-telling to one another, is an act of hope-making when hope is hardest found. What place have we in our histories except the present.”
“Y por que el sol es tan mal amigo del caminante en el desierto? Y por que el sol es tan simpatico en el jardin del hospital? And why is the sun such a bad companion to the traveler in the desert? And why is the sun so congenial in the hospital garden?”
“YOU CAN’T BEGIN TO CHANGE YOUR ANXIETY BEHAVIORS AND START THE NEXT CHAPTER OF YOUR LIFE IF YOU KEEP REREADING THE LAST ONE.”
“YOUR MIND IS SO POWERFUL; WHEN YOU FILL IT WITH POSITIVE THOUGHTS, YOUR LIFE WILL START TO CHANGE.”
“Yes I know: the thread you have to keep finding, over again, to follow it back to life; I know. Impossible, sometimes.”
“Yes We Can!”
“Yes, I decided, a man can truly change. The events of the past year have taught me much about myself, and a few universal truths. I learned, for instance, that while wounds can be inflicted easily upon those we love, it's often much more difficult to heal them. Yet the process of healing those wounds provided the richest experience of my life, leading me to believe that while I've often overestimated what I could accomplish in a day, I had underestimated what I could do in a year. But most of all, I learned that it's possible for two people to fall in love all over again, even when there's been a lifetime of disappointment between them.”
“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”
“Yes, in spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits.”
“Yes, the world is full of unspeakable cruelty. But the answer wasn't to never feel hope, or bliss, or love-but to savor every fleeting, precious second of those feelings when they came.”
“Yes, there is no good pretending, it is hard to leave everything.”
“Yes, trying was exhausting and hard and meant doing everything I didn't want to do and it seemed horribly pointless putting myself through all that if I didn't believe it would make any difference. But then, actually, I wouldn't know if I didn't try. So I started trying. And yes, for ages it felt useless. But then, day by day, I noticed a few things began to give.”
“Yesterday is but a dream, Tomorrow is only a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a vision of hope.”
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”
“Yet if they had known more about it and considered the meaning of the hunt and the white deer that had appeared upon their path, they would have known that they were at last drawing towards the eastern edge, and would soon have come, if they could have kept up their courage and their hope, to thinner trees and places where the sunlight came again.”
“Yet some men say in many parts of England that King Arthur is not dead, but had by the will of our Lord Jesu into another place; and men say that he shall come again, and he shall win the holy cross.”
“Yet, I do sense hope when I see the little flames rising up and listen to the music of the children jumping on the dirty water puddles and laughing as if their life depended on it. Their parents watch them with watery eyes and a smile that hide their misery.”
“You and I are strangers, Huntress. Allies by circumstance. We may leave Sharr and never think of each other again. But in this moment, we are two souls, marooned beneath the moon, hungry and alone, adrift in the current of what we do not understand. We hunt the flame, the light in the darkness, the good this world deserves. You are like Tamin. You remind me that hope is not lost.”
“You are a life and you can become whatever you decide it is just a matter of time and decision.”
“You are allowed to go slow. There’s no timeline to healing. You walk at the pace that works for you, and I’ll carry you when your legs get tired. You don’t have to walk this path alone.”
“You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees.”
“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
“You are not alone. Understand, friend, there are millions of us. Millions of people who struggle with (and overcome) all sorts of problems. You would be shocked to know how many people understand EXACTLY what you are going through. That doesn't mean what you are going through is somehow less. Meaningful, special, unique. On the contrary, it means that what you are going through is more. It is important. It deserves to be seen, spoken of and understood.”
“You are one woman in an endless line of women who were chosen to love more passionately than others, be committed to justice more fervently than others, and seek our Maker’s higher expressions more reflectively than others.”
“You are only a prisoner when you surrender.”
“You are the cove of which our storm-struck ships moor. The beacon of light in the darkest night leading us home. A candle whose flame flickers against the coldest wind. You've given them hope.”
“You are too full of your own hopes to hold anyone else's.”
“You are where you need to be. Just take a deep breath.”
“You are young; you have hopes. One by one they will go, and nothing will be left but the bare fact of life.”
“You aren’t pretty enough to be this stupid, girl.” Commanded Moid as he closed in on Elizabeth. “What did you think running from us would accomplish? You’ll find no hope in these caves.”
“You bring out the best in people when you trust them with a higher-vision of themselves. You keep them at lower-levels when you treat them like you see them with your physical eyes.”
“You call it hope — that fire of fire! It is but agony of desire.”
“You can always tell if someone is kind because kindness is the sparkle inside their eyes.”
“You can be a shining light for others with your positive attitude. Your passion for something can be contagious and resonate with others and get them fired up to achieve the same results. Consistently demonstrate your confidence with determination, and it will help bring back faith for those who lost it. Sometimes we must lead by example, and that's how people get inspired with hope, and where hope grows, faith is present.”
“You can break a man with hope.”
“You can curse the moon Curse the day your’re born But the pilot of your plane is you We’re all in this world, by a greater plan Look up, lift your wings, Because you can The Light Said (The First Song album)”
“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.”
“You can give illness to her body but you can't take the gypsy out of that girl.”
“You can lock a songbird but you can't lock the song. You may confine it but the more you confine it, the more it will sing the sadness, giving it to the winds. After all, caged birds sing some of the most beautiful songs.”
“You can lock a songbird but you can't lock the song. You may confine it but the more you confine, the more it will sing the sadness and give it to the winds. After all, caged birds sing some of the most beautiful songs and wild winds blow some of the most untold sorrows.”
“You can lock a songbird but you can't lock the song. You may confine it but the more you confine, the more it will sing the sadness and give it to the winds. After all, caged birds sing some of the most beautiful songs and wild winds heal some of the most broken hearts.”
“You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future…because THAT only comes once.’ VAALBARA The Land of Shadows”
“You can never tie a string to someone's heart to keep them from walking away; you can only love them in their freedom and hope that they choose to stay, hope that they love you back freely in the same way.”
“You can tell people of the need to struggle, but when the powerless start to see that they really can make a difference, nothing can quench the fire.”
“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
“You can't ask for love, win it. You can't ask for respect, gain it. You can't ask for money, invest your interest in it. You can't hurt anybody, mind it. You can't ask for hope, close it. You can't ask for chance, leave it. You can't ask for meet, move forward.”
“You can't eat hope,' the woman said. You can't eat it, but it sustains you,' the colonel replied.”
“You can't let the darkness consume you," Froggy told himself. "there is too much you'll miss out on if you give in to it! ”
“You cannot change the Past. The Present and Future are the only things you can exercise some control over—this is true for the one who Warps and the one who does not.”
“You cannot change your roots, but you can choose the places you grow towards, the things your hands reach for, the people your heart beats for.”
“You cannot outrun, outwit or outdrink your feelings. Attempting to suppress your thoughts and ignore what your body is telling you will only cause you a great deal of pain later on. Make peace with your mind and forgive your heart. The sooner you do so, the better. Everything you want in life is on the other side of fear; vulnerability is the path to take you there. Sit with yourself, acknowledge your emotions, feel them—and then let them go. True joy is waiting for you.”
“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.”
“You could sit in there all day drinking coffee and they never asked you to leave no matter how bad you looked. They just asked the bums not to bring their wine and drink it there. Places like that gave you hope when there wasn´t much hope.”
“You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.”
“You deny them hope  You are telling them that Jesus loves them, but not much.”
“You did anything to bury me, but you forgot that I was a seed.”
“You didn't think I really liked you? Do you think I really like you now?" He turned toward her, uncertainty in his face."You did go quite a lot of effort to be having this conversation, but  I don't want to read too much of what I hope into that." Val stretched out beside him, resting her head in the crook of his arm. "What do you hope?" He pulled her close, hands careful not to touch her wounds as they wrapped around her. "I hope that you feel for me as I do for you," he said, his voice like a sigh against her throat. And how is that?" she asked, her lips so close to his jaw that she could taste the salt of his skin when she moved them. You carried my heart in your hands tonight," he said. "But I have felt as if you carried it long before that." She smiled and let her eyes drift closed. They lay there together, under the bridge, city lights burning outside the windows like a sky full of falling stars, as they slid off into sleep”
“You do not bother to think about the past or the future. Now is what really matters.”
“You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire.”
“You do not need to know precisely what is happening, or exactly where it is all going. What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith and hope.”
“You don't dare think whole even to yourself the entirety of a dear hope or wish let alone a desperate one else you yourself have doomed it.”
“You don't need a miracle. You just need the anticipation of one.”
“You don’t have to look like a champion to be a legend.”
“You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it.”
“You have survived everything you have been through, and you will survive this too. Stay for the person you will become. You are more than a bad day, or week, or month, or year, or even a decade. You are a future of multifarious possibility. You are another self at a point in future time looking back in gratitude that this lost and former you held on. Stay.”
“You have to go head, even if no one goes with you.”
“You know the problem with this place?' I tug my arm back again, but he holds fast. 'Besides you touching things that don't belong to you?' My eyes narrow on him. 'I'm sure you're going to tell me.' My stomach flutters as his thumb brushes my pulse and he releases my wrist. I answer before I can think better of it. 'Hope.' 'Hope?' He tips his head closer to mine as if he wasn't sure he heard me right. 'Hope.' I nod. 'Someone like you would never get it, but I knew coming here was a death sentence. It didn't matter that I've been trained my entire life to enter the Scribe Quadrant; when General Sorrengail gives an order, you can't exactly ignore it.' Gods, why am I running off at the mouth to this man? What's the worst he'll do? Kill you? 'Sure you can.' He shrugs. 'You just might not like the consequences.' I roll my eyes and to my utter embarrassment, instead of pulling away now that I'm free, I lean in just a little, like I can siphon off some of his strength. He certainly has enough to spare. 'I knew what the odds were, and I came anyway, concentrating on that tiny percentage of chance that I would live. And then I make it almost two months and I get ' I shake my head, clenching my jaw. 'Hopeful.' The word tastes sour.”
“You know, Molly, if you can hold in your mind what you want long enough, you shall have it.”
“You know, the bigger the things a man believes in, the more fiercely he despises those who don't. And yet the greatest of all beliefs would be to believe in people.”
“You live with an attachment to a future outcome that generates chronic excess anxiety and you call that anxiety "hope.”
“You make the rest of the beautiful things in the world cry for even trying at all. You make it hard for me to breathe.”
“You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.”
“You may defy the universe. You may say, 'Let it be irrational, I am not. Let it be merciless, I will have mercy. By whatever curious chance it has produced me, nowt that I am here I will according to human values. I know the universe will win in the end, but what is that to me? I will go down fighting. Amid all the wastefulness I will persevere; amid all this competition, I will make sacrifices. Be damned to the universe!”
“You may find that knowledge is not so great a thing as belief or hope.”
“You may have lived longer than me, but I might have understood life far better than you.”
“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”
“You might say that wielding full magical power feels a little like love,” he says. “But it’s more like . . .” Closing his eyes, he wiggles his fingers and takes a deep breath. “It feels more like hope.” “Then I’m doomed.” He opens his eyes and rocks back on his heels, studying me. “How so?” I shake my head. “I don’t hope. It’s a waste of time. Dangerous, even.” He tilts his head to the side. “You’re wrong about that. What’s truly dangerous is not having hope.” I blow out a breath. “What if there’s nothing to hope for?” His lips twitch, and that mocking smile is back. “Are you lying to yourself or just to me?”
“You might think I lost all hope at that point. I did. And as a result I perked up and felt much better.”
“You must have dauntless hope to take actions to overcome any difficulty.”
“You must have faith. Many things are possible that seem not to be.”
“You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.”
“You never really know what's coming. A small wave, or maybe a big one. All you can really do is hope that when it comes, you can surf over it, instead of drown in its monstrosity.”
“You only feel powerless because your fear has given your power to the object of your fear. Once you realise this, you can claim it back.”
“You only live once. Get it right the first time.”
“You put a new heart in Emma a long time ago, it just wasn’t the kind you were thinking of.” He laughed to himself. “Hope is an amazing thing. I saw it in Emma, saw it with my own eyes.”
“You put your head under the pillow and pray. You hope that somehow doing that, everything will mend itself back together and you would not have to die. You pray for some kind of sorcery to occur which would wash away this day from your life. Hope is your best friend. Its embrace is all you yearn for at times like these. It is your only lullaby. Slowly but surely, its music slows your heart down. And that’s when all the tears are enough for you to fall asleep on.”
“You said you didn't want to get involved with me,that one of us would get hurt and how you couldn't bear it. Well that just isn't good enough..Look what happens to people just living their lives. They get hurt, it's not fair they get hurt but they do, all the time, no matter how careful they are. Somebody can just just come along and hurt them, for no stupid reason..”
“You said you knew the perfect place to run to. A place that was empty of people, and buildings, and far, far away. A place covered in blood-red earth and sleeping life. A place longing to come alive again. It's a place for disappearing, you'd said, a place for getting lost  and for getting found. I'll take you there, you'd said. And I could say that I agreed.”
“You see, sometimes, a single child believing in magic - if they believe enough - is enough to restore order to the universe.”
“You see, we cannot draw lines and compartments and refuse to budge beyond them. Sometimes you have to use your failures as stepping-stones to success. You have to maintain a fine balance between hope and despair.' He paused, considering what he had just said. 'Yes', he repeated. 'In the end, it's all a question of balance.”
“You see, when everything else is gone, there's always work. I don't think anyone ever realises how much work can mean until the other things are gone.”
“You should read something else." Why would he have done that to him?" I don't know," she said. Do you ever feel like Job?" She smiled, a little twinkle in her eyes. Sometimes." But you haven't lost your faith?" No," I knew she hadn't, but I think I was losing mine. Is it because you think you might get better?" No," she said,"its because its the only thing I have left.”
“You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker”
“You sound more like them every day," Andrew said. Neil guessed he meant their more optimistic teammates. "You're going to have to come up with something of your own to hold onto. I'm safe, Kevin doesn't need your protection anymore, Nicky's going back to Erik eventually, and Aaron's got Katelyn. What are you going to live for if you're not playing sheepdog for us?" "Aaron doesn't have Katelyn." "Denial doesn't suit you. We talked about this." "You talked," Andrew said. "I didn't listen." "Choose us," Neil said. It was enough to shut Andrew up—maybe only for a second, but Neil would take any opening he could get. "Kevin's going to retake his spot on Court before he graduates. He thinks I can make the cut with enough practice and time. Come with us. Let's all play in the Olympics together one day. We'd be unstoppable." "That's your obsession, not mine." "Borrow it until you have something of your own.”
“You spend your whole life looking for answers because you think the next answer will solve all your problems: make you a little less miserable, because when you run out of questions you don't just run out of answers  you run out hope.”
“You think you're paying your dollar for a chance at the $6.2 million jackpot on Saturday, but really you're paying for the pleasure of the car ride home, deciding which credit card to pay off first and where your kid will suddenly be able to go to college.”
“You told me once that you had nothing to learn from your parents because they raised you in times of peace.” He watched the snow pass beneath their feet, then met her eye again. “I disagree. I believe that we all have an opportunity we have not had for fifteen years.” “What’s that?” “To learn to hope. To be caring and kind. To be good again and to love one another because we can, instead of hating each other because it’s safe. Don’t you want to walk in the woods without fearing for your life?”
“You were right- people want to believe in magic, because things seem terrible, magic and miracles give them hope. They want to believe something is working in their favor behind the scenes. Something good  I want you to have something miraculous to hold on to when everything seems awful.”
“You were standing in the wake of devastation And you were waiting on the edge of the unknown And with the cataclysm raining down Insides crying "Save me now" You were there, impossibly alone”
“You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.”
“You won't find the truth of life in morbidity, only in hope.”
“You'd be surprised of how powerful hope can be.”
“You'd think holding joy right up against sadness would shatter a body. But it don't. Joy it sneaks in all around where things is broke, sticks it all together and finds a way to make you whole. It's where things is broke that joy shows through.”
“You'll be okay. No matter what shape reality takes, you can handle it.”
“You'll stop hurting when you stop hoping.”
“You're all incredibly thoughtful souls who keep my head attached to my body.”
“You're going to be okay,' I say. 'You know,' he says, hanging on to me, 'that ought to be reassuring. But when mortals say it, it doesn't mean the same thing as when the Folk do, does it? For you, it's an appeal. A kind of hopeful magic. You say I will be well because you fear I won't be.”
“You're right. Maybe it wouldn't change anything." His gaze shifted from the brightening ocean to me. I didn't need to look into his eyes to feel their intensity. "But maybe it would change everything.”
“You're vulnerable even though you try to conceal it. You stay true to yourself despite what haunts you. I may not specifically know what haunts you but there is a beauty in you.”
“You've been angry all week, Simon, but you're taking it out on the wrong things. It's better to take it out on God. He can cope with all our angers. That's one thing my long span of chronology has taught me. If I take all my anger, if I take all my bitterness over the unfairness of this mortal life, and throw it all to God, he can take it all and transform it into love before he gives it back to me.”
“Youme didn't mean "ours" as she'd first hoped. It meant "dream." But that also made sense and perhaps what was ours was all a dream anyway. Something to keep striving for or something all in our mind---depending.”
“Your Heavenly Father’s love elevates you to a place where you can dream big dreams— where you can live with purpose, unafraid.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“Your creative outflows do not define, determine, or justify your value or significance; they simply reveal that it’s already there!”
“Your dreamers. You ridiculous children. You dancing grinning fuckups. Here is your bright future. Your earnest, saccharine hope. How does it taste dripping from the neck of everyone you love?”
“Your dreams are your dreams and you do have every right to live them to their fullest. If your dreams are conflicting with someone else’s dreams and your relationship, there is always an opportunity to build bridges.”
“Your dreams represent the passion that is stitched in the fabric of your soul. And that kind of stitching will forever refuse to sew the blanket under which you sleep your life away.”
“Your emotional state has a tremendous amount to do with sickness, health and well-being. For years, my husband and I lived on -- and because of -- hope. Hope continues to give me the mental strength to carry on.”
“Your goal is a world without monsters, a world which is peaceful and safe. A world where witchers are unnecessary. A paradox, isn't it?' 'True.”
“Your guardian angel never, ever stops communicating with you. I feel that at times they should be frustrated with us but they seem to have endless patience and they never ever give up on us. ”
“Your happiness is not someone else’s happiness.”
“Your happiness is the outcome of your life equation. What will you choose in your happiness equation? Hope, gratitude, past sorrows, future, vision, criticism, and argument, or agreement?”
“Your health is your happiness.”
“Your heart of devotion and obedience is not in vain. Who knows but God how many people have come near to you and were forever changed simply by the fragrance of his love in you? Who knows but God if he will put you before kings and leaders to speak the truth, redirecting the future of nations? Who knows when that small crack in the dam of our enemy’s plans will give way and God’s glory will truly cover the earth as the sea? Do not become distracted or discouraged by the death around you. Death must always give way when the life of Christ enters the picture.”
“Your hope is the most beautiful and the saddest in the world.”
“Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.”
“Your mother sets you up blind dates? With guys like that?" The corners of his mouth twitched. "She doesn't like you very much, does she?”
“Your mustard seed is enough.”
“Your personal truth is your gift to the world.”
“Your tears are my prayers.”
“Your words like wings gravity they defy. My heart like a leaf on the wind catchin' rides. We make too much sense to foolishly pass it by. So I'm taking a rainbow up to the 5th floor. Steppin' out to see that you're really worth more.”
“You’re dreaming of miracles, Willem,” Idriss would say if he knew what he was thinking, and he knew he was. But then again, he would think, what about his life—and about Jude’s life, too—wasn’t it a miracle? He should have stayed in Wyoming, he should have been a ranch hand himself. Jude should have wound up—where? In prison, or in a hospital, or dead, or worse. But they hadn’t. Wasn’t it a miracle that someone who was basically unexceptional could live a life in which he made millions pretending to be other people, that in that life that person would fly from city to city, would spend his days having his every need fulfilled, working in artificial contexts in which he was treated like the potentate of a small, corrupt country? Wasn’t it a miracle to be adopted at thirty, to find people who loved you so much that they wanted to call you their own? Wasn’t it a miracle to have survived the unsurvivable? Wasn’t friendship its own miracle, the finding of another person who made the entire lonely world seem somehow less lonely? Wasn’t this house, this beauty, this comfort, this life a miracle? And so who could blame him for hoping for one more, for hoping that despite knowing better, that despite biology, and time, and history, that they would be the exception, that what happened to other people with Jude’s sort of injury wouldn’t happen to him, that even with all that Jude had overcome, he might overcome just one more thing?”
“You’re not a bad person, you’re just a little bit different and I’m a sucker for that.”
“You’re starting over, and anyone who has the guts to start over is strong”
“You’re such a snob, bragging with that infinite knowledge you uploaded into your brain.”
“You’ve been here the whole time!” I could see it clearly. The calm, glowing One smiled, and all of a sudden, I knew. It hadn’t been fear telling me not to get on the boat, scaring me away from the fun. It was Jesus trying to spare me the agony of this trip because . . . because He loves me? Yes, He loves me! And there I’d stood, as if I’d had my hand on His chest, pushing Him away. What was I doing? Seeing Him now, I realized we’d been stuck in this pose a long time. I hadn’t wanted Him to go in case I needed Him, but I hadn’t wanted Him to come inside and control me. Ever so patiently—suspended in time, but oh-so-very present—Jesus held out His hand and invited me to dance. “Yes,” I yielded, and something so much more peaceful than peace settled inside even though the storm still raged, and the circumstances hadn’t budged. “Let’s dance.” Embraced in His arms, I fell asleep—even in the midst of those crazy waves. ”
“You’ve got the hope I never was able to tap into, and the pulse you seem to have on the people around you—that’s a goddamn treasure.”
“You—yes, you—can overcome fear and quit living your life as a fearful person, just as I did. It’s not that things aren’t going to be scary; but God has given you power over them.”
“[A] person whose head is bowed and whose eyes are heavy cannot look at the light.”
“[Dawn] is always such a forgiving time. When that first cold, bright streak comes over the water, it's as if all our sins were pardoned; as if the sky leaned over the earth and kissed it and gave it absolution.”
“[God] loves us because He is filled with an infinite measure of holy, pure, and indescribable love. We are important to God not because of our résumé but because we are His children. He loves every one of us, even those who are flawed, rejected, awkward, sorrowful, or broken. God's love is so great that He loves even the proud, the selfish, the arrogant, and the wicked. What this means is that, regardless of our current state, there is hope for us. No matter our distress, no matter our sorrow, no matter our mistakes, our infinitely compassionate Heavenly Father desires that we draw near to Him so that He can draw near to us.”
“[I]n my dreams, I could live the life they took from me, the life I hoped might still be out there. If such sweetness could take me away from the hell I lived in, how much sweeter would it be in real life? I dreamed about the day I would find out.”
“[Iris] squeezed his hand. "Don't lose hope, Frank. Rainbows always stand for hope.”
“[Koudelka] looked back, "You?! I know you! You trust beyond reason!" [Cordelia] met his eyes steadily, "Yes, it's how I get results beyond hope, as you may recall.”
“[Letter to his wife, Natalia Sedova] In addition to the happiness of being a fighter for the cause of socialism, fate gave me the happiness of being her husband. During the almost forty years of our life together she remained an inexhaustible source of love, magnanimity, and tenderness. She underwent great sufferings, especially in the last period of our lives. But I find some comfort in the fact that she also knew days of happiness. For forty-three years of my conscious life I have remained a revolutionist; for forty-two of them I have fought under the banner of Marxism. If I had to begin all over again I would of course try to avoid this or that mistake, but the main course of my life would remain unchanged. I shall die a proletarian revolutionist, a Marxist, a dialectical materialist, and, consequently, an irreconcilable atheist. My faith in the communist future of mankind is not less ardent, indeed it is firmer today, than it was in the days of my youth. Natasha has just come up to the window from the courtyard and opened it wider so that the air may enter more freely into my room. I can see the bright green strip of grass beneath the wall, and the clear blue sky above the wall, and sunlight everywhere. Life is beautiful. Let the future generations cleanse it of all evil, oppression and violence, and enjoy it to the full.”
“[W]hen someone finds himself quite unjustly attacked and hated on all sides, there is no need for such a person to feel dismayed by misfortune. See how Fortune, who has harmed many a one, is so inconstant, for God, Who opposes all wrong deeds, raises up those in whom hope dwells.”
“[Y]ou are passing through a darkness in which I myself in my ignorance see nothing but that you have been made wretchedly ill by it; but it is only a darkness, it is not an end, or the end. Don’t think, don’t feel, any more than you can help, don’t conclude or decide—don’t do anything but wait.”
“[Y]ou may live in the world as it is, but you can still work to create the world as it should be.”
“_Of course you are afraid_, the monster said, pushing him slowly forward. _And yet you will still do it._”
“and i am consumed with love for all of it the everydayness of bravery of hate of fear of tragedy of death and birth and hope”
“be here in what needs to be done today - that’s how you honor tomorrow”
“beings born into upper class are proof of the blood, sweat and tears of their ancestors, the redirection of tides wheeling the abundances for their future generations it all starts with you climb up clean yourself up wheel the abundance of yours of your future generations of your family of choice you are the ancestor the blood, sweat and tears the redirection of tides.”
“but a sanguine temper, though for ever expecting more good than occurs, does not always pay for its hopes by any proportionate depression. it soon flies over the present failure, and begins to hope again.”
“challenging what’s accepted is how change happens”
“disappointment had to be postponed, hope kept alive as long as possible;”
“for the past was only a preface”
“hope could betray you—but if you had no hope, life could actually surprise you in the best of ways.”
“hope for the best, prepare for the worst”
“hope had become despair, protestors had become terrorists, love had become sex, music had become noise, and us had become me.”
“hope is just a feeling will is the real thing .”
“i pry myself from the bed, pull my skin up from the floor and hook it loosely on my shoulder blades. i'm not hopeful yet. but there's something about being upright. (opening the blinds just a tad) that allows a whisper to take root.”
“imagined sunshine would smell like this.”
“in a woman's womb. another chance. to make the world better.”
“last night you had a visitor; the promise of a brand new chapter left her fingerprints all over your awareness for you to CSI and hack the code of hope.”
“no matter what happens, growth and survival are possible under any circumstance”
“of course they don't see the alienation. they don't see the decadence and degeneracy. they do not see how the meaninglessness of European life leads to not only depression, but drug addiction. Drug addiction of both illegal and also legal drugs  antidepressants and such medications. they don't see the alienation of the people within generations and from each other. they don't see how it is almost impossible now for young men and young women to come together and form strong, stable romantic and emotional bonds that will lead to flourishing families. They don't see that. They don't see it at all.”
“quote from Chase the Moon- Some people are just downright wicked, and sometimes evil wins - but not always.”
“see chains on another person and be glad they are not your own--such was the good fortune permitted colored people, defined by how much worse it could be at any moment.”
“she was completely whole and yet never fully complete”
“stretch the sadness like taffy, marvel at how portable pain can be when you welcome it.”
“that there are many things that we cant understand. the past. the bad things that happened  and we become afraid. of what might happen in the future. its okay to be afraid. but we have to keep hoping and believeing  to keep hoping and trying our best to be good and do good. even when we're afraid”
“this sounds a little simple, but I think if we didnt know illness we wouldnt really feel the exhiliration of good health. and if we never cried, we wouldnt be able to recognize joy. in a way, the good only gains value when it is contrasted with the bad”
“through the people who really care we can see the bright side of life.”
“to love life, to love it even when you have no stomach for it and everything you've held dear crumbles like burnt paper in your hands, your throat filled with the silt of it. When grief sits with you, its tropical heat thickening the air, heavy as water more fit for gills than lungs; when grief weights you like your own flesh only more of it, an obesity of grief, you think, How can a body withstand this? Then you hold life like a face between your palms, a plain face, no charming smile, no violet eyes, and you say, yes, I will take you I will love you, again.”
“we should always hope that things will turn our for the best, and we should especially hope of Allah's mercy and grace.”
“what am i to you he asks i put my hands in his lap and whisper you are every hope i've ever had in human form”
“what makes timelines thrive is CREATION and you are part of this. your way makes ripples of creation whether you are writing song or book or making spaghetti or turning on a light. YOU ARE INFINITELY POWERFUL JUST BY BEING YOU do not forget this strength and wield it for love”
“what once cause catastrophe in my life has now become the catalyst for my direction.”
“when you feel like hope is gone, look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth- that hero lies in you.”
“when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope”
“with man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible” (Matthew 19:26").”
“you won’t ever get ahead if you keep feeling sorry for yourself. You must stop all the negative talk and start thinking positive. You have a lot of potential but your life won’t change until you change how you think”.”
“youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.”
“~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~”
“‎Now I think ultimately our hope is certainly that people can feel and taste the goodness of God and to find the salvation in Jesus's love and sacrifice. Sometimes the biggest barrier to that has been Christians and has been a Church that is numb to the poverty of the world or just sees our Christianity as a ticket into heaven while ignoring the hells of the world around us. And we're not willing to settle for that kind of Christianity. We believe in a kingdom that begins now and that the kingdom of God Jesus preached is not just something we're to go to when we die but that we're to bring down on earth as it is in heaven.”
“…a cynic who was still saddened whenever his jaundiced view of mankind was confirmed ”
“…strength doesn’t have to mean putting your problems aside or staying silent. Strength is sometimes being brave enough to seek the help that you need.”
“…told herself likewise not to hope. But it was too late. Hope had already entered…”
“…”And all that is to be, And seems to me, is full of possibilities.”
