“  I discovered life sometimes has a way of giving you what you need, but not in the form you expect.”
“  and to find the light in darkness, the darkness in light, and the balance of both worlds is what makes life worth living!”
“  one can't live without falling now and again.”
“  so this is for us. This is for us who sing, write, dance, act, study, run and love and this is for doing it even if no one will ever know because the beauty is in the act of doing it. Not what it can lead to. This is for the times I lose myself while writing, singing, playing and no one is around and they will never know but I will forever remember and that shines brighter than any praise or fame or glory I will ever have, and this is for you who write or play or read or sing by yourself with the light off and door closed when the world is asleep and the stars are aligned and maybe no one will ever hear it or read your words or know your thoughts but it doesn’t make it less glorious. It makes it ethereal. Mysterious. Infinite. For it belongs to you and whatever God or spirit you believe in and only you can decide how much it meant and means and will forever mean and other people will experience it too through you. Through your spirit. Through the way you talk. Through the way you walk and love and laugh and care and I never meant to write this long but what I want to say is: Don’t try to present your art by making other people read or hear or see or touch it; make them feel it. Wear your art like your heart on your sleeve and keep it alive by making people feel a little better. Feel a little lighter. Create art in order for yourself to become yourself and let your very existence be your song, your poem, your story. Let your very identity be your book. Let the way people say your name sound like the sweetest melody. So go create. Take photographs in the wood, run alone in the rain and sing your heart out high up on a mountain where no one will ever hear and your very existence will be the most hypnotising scar. Make your life be your art and you will never be forgotten.”
“  the Trappist world appeals to me as a model of wisdom so infitesimally is the day divided among different occupations. The man who keeps rabbits, for example, hurries from his hutches to the chapel, or the chapter-room, or the refectory, all day long: every hour he has an office to sing, a duty to perform; from two, when he rises in the dark, till eight, when he returns to receive the comforting gift of sleep, he is upon his feet and occupied with manifold and changing business. I know many persons, worth several thousands in the year, who are not so fortunate in the disposal of their lives  We speak of hardships, but the true hardship is to be a dull fool, and permitted to mismanage life in our own dull and foolish manner.”
“  time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.”
“  you don't have to wait for someone to treat you bad repeatedly. All it takes is once, and if they get away with it that once, if they know they can treat you like that, then it sets the pattern for the future.”
“ A Litany for Survival For those of us who live at the shoreline standing upon the constant edges of decision crucial and alone for those of us who cannot indulge the passing dreams of choice who love in doorways coming and going in the hours between dawns looking inward and outward at once before and after seeking a now that can breed futures like bread in our children's mouths so their dreams will not reflect the death of ours: For those of us who were imprinted with fear like a faint line in the center of our foreheads learning to be afraid with our mother's milk for by this weapon this illusion of some safety to be found the heavy-footed hoped to silence us For all of us this instant and this triumph We were never meant to survive. And when the sun rises we are afraid it might not remain when the sun sets we are afraid it might not rise in the morning when our stomachs are full we are afraid of indigestion when our stomachs are empty we are afraid we may never eat again when we are loved we are afraid love will vanish when we are alone we are afraid love will never return and when we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard nor welcomed but when we are silent we are still afraid So it is better to speak remembering we were never meant to survive.”
“ Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.”
“ Every path is the right path. Everything could've been anything else.﻿ And it would have just as much meaning.”
“ Happiness So early it's still almost dark out. I'm near the window with coffee, and the usual early morning stuff that passes for thought. When I see the boy and his friend walking up the road to deliver the newspaper. They wear caps and sweaters, and one boy has a bag over his shoulder. They are so happy they aren't saying anything, these boys. I think if they could, they would take each other's arm. It's early in the morning, and they are doing this thing together. They come on, slowly. The sky is taking on light, though the moon still hangs pale over the water. Such beauty that for a minute death and ambition, even love, doesn't enter into this. Happiness. It comes on unexpectedly. And goes beyond, really, any early morning talk about it.”
“ I realize that lessons are meant to be learned, honored even, or else you can spend your life running so far from them that you erect a false existence around the very thing you should be embracing.”
“ I started to realize how many great things could happen by confronting the things that scare you most.”
“ I told him a story of two people. Two people who shouldn't have met, and who didn't like each other much when they did, but who found they were the only two people in the world who could possibly have understood each other.”
“ In books there's always somebody standing by ready to say hey, the world's in danger, evil's on the rise, but if you're really quick and take this ring and put it in that volcano over there everything will be fine. "But in real life that guy never turns up. He's never there. He's busy handing out advice in the next universe over. In our world no one ever knows what to do, and everyone's just as clueless and full of crap as everyone else, and you have to figure it all out by yourself. And even after you've figured it out and done it, you'll never know whether you were right or wrong. You'll never know if you put the ring in the right volcano, or if things might have gone better if you hadn't. There's no answers in the back of the book.”
“ Inventory: "Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe. Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt. Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne. Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
“ Ithaka As you set out for Ithaka hope the voyage is a long one, full of adventure, full of discovery. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, angry Poseidon—don’t be afraid of them: you’ll never find things like that on your way as long as you keep your thoughts raised high, as long as a rare excitement stirs your spirit and your body. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, wild Poseidon—you won’t encounter them unless you bring them along inside your soul, unless your soul sets them up in front of you. Hope the voyage is a long one. May there be many a summer morning when, with what pleasure, what joy, you come into harbors seen for the first time; may you stop at Phoenician trading stations to buy fine things, mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony, sensual perfume of every kind— as many sensual perfumes as you can; and may you visit many Egyptian cities to gather stores of knowledge from their scholars. Keep Ithaka always in your mind. Arriving there is what you are destined for. But do not hurry the journey at all. Better if it lasts for years, so you are old by the time you reach the island, wealthy with all you have gained on the way, not expecting Ithaka to make you rich. Ithaka gave you the marvelous journey. Without her you would not have set out. She has nothing left to give you now. And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you. Wise as you will have become, so full of experience, you will have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.”
“ Life is much simpler if you don’t notice anything .”
“ Soma dies; pneuma departs; only sarx remains,” it said in a voice that was a paradox: both sonorous and entirely without tone. “So it has always been; so shall it always be; life sucks, then you die.”
“ The Rainy Day The day is cold, and dark, and dreary; It rains, and the wind is never weary; The vine still clings to the mouldering wall, But at every gust the dead leaves fall, And the day is dark and dreary. My life is cold, and dark, and dreary; It rains, and the wind is never weary; My thoughts still cling to the mouldering Past, But the hopes of youth fall thick in the blast, And the days are dark and dreary. Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining; Thy fate is the common fate of all, Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and dreary.”
“ We'll Go No More A-roving So, we'll go no more a-roving So late into the night, Though the heart still be as loving, And the moon still be as bright. For the sword outwears its sheath, And the soul wears out the breast, And the heart must pause to breathe, And love itself have rest. Though the night was made for loving, And the day returns too soon, Yet we'll go no more a-roving By the light of the moon.”
“ What if … what if … what if … I play the What If? game all the time. But it’s rigged, is the thing. Impossible to win. Asking What If? can only lead to Maybe Things Could Have Been Different , via Was It My Fault? ”
“ and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and think, 'That was fine'. And your life is a long line of fine.”
“ because love is continual interrogation. I don't know of a better definition of love.”
“ don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”
“ fool me once, shame on me…fool me twice…I deserved to get fucked over.”
“ he asked, "Where are you today, right now?" Eagerly, I started talking about myself. However, I noticed that I was still being sidetracked from getting answers to my questions. Still, I told him about my distant and recent past and about my inexplicable depressions. He listened patiently and intently, as if he had all the time in the world, until I finished several hours later. "Very well," he said. "But you still have not answered my question about where you are." "Yes I did, remember? I told you how I got to where I am today: by hard work." "Where are you?" "What do you mean, where am I?" "Where Are you?" he repeated softly. "I'm here." "Where is here?" "In this office, in this gas station!" I was getting impatient with this game. "Where is this gas station?" "In Berkeley?" "Where is Berkeley?" "In California?" "Where is California?" "In the United States?" "On a landmass, one of the continents in the Western Hemisphere. Socrates, I " "Where are the continents? I sighed. "On the earth. Are we done yet?" "Where is the earth?" "In the solar system, third planet from the sun. The sun is a small star in the Milky Way galaxy, all right?" "Where is the Milky Way?" "Oh, brother, " I sighed impatiently, rolling my eyes. "In the universe." I sat back and crossed my arms with finality. "And where," Socrates smiled, "is the universe?" "The universe is well, there are theories about how it's shaped " "That's not what I asked. Where is it?" "I don't know - how can I answer that?" "That is the point. You cannot answer it, and you never will. There is no knowing about it. You are ignorant of where the universe is, and thus, where you are. In fact, you have no knowledge of where anything is or of What anything is or how is came to be. Life is a mystery. "My ignorance is based on this understanding. Your understanding is based on ignorance. This is why I am a humorous fool, and you are a serious jackass.”
“ how horrible and beautiful it is, that our eyes blur the truth when we can't bear to see it.”
“ nothing ever happens quickly (except when it does). Nothing is ever, ever easy (except when it is). And, most of all, nothing ever goes perfectly according to plan (except in the movies).”
“ now I understand that if I'm forced to accept the positively worst things imaginable can actually happen  it means I have no choice but to also believe the best possible things can. And I am here for those. We all are.”
“ sometimes what you go looking for isn't as important as what you leave behind.”
“ unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
“ when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.”
“( )best of luck, avoid roasted cabbage, don't eat earwax, and look on the bright side of life!”
“( )normalcy is an illusion. Each person is utterly unique. A standard of normalcy is something that most people of the world simply will never access.”
“(Poetry) helped me to find a silver lining in even the darkest emotions, experiences, observations and topics; find positivity even in the face of extreme negativity; find strength when I was being forced to feel weak; and find hope that my tomorrows would be brighter.”
“,the rest of the girls pretended not to notice. That's just what best friends do.”
“- I closed my eyes and stepped myself in that long-ago darkness. I heard the wind with unusual clarity. A light breeze swept past me, leaving strangely brilliant trails in the dark. I open my eyes to find the darkness of the summer night a few degrees deeper than it had been.”
“-Do you know the difference between intellectual telepathy and emotional reincarnation? -Yes, telepathy is reading thoughts, and reading feelings and sensations. -Did it ever occur to you that someone is telepathy to you against your will? -Some people have this talent, or so they claim. Baibars: It is not a talent, but a knowledge. Physiognomy was never a talent, but rather an experience. People who travel a lot, social people, who have an appetite for information, and details, are the owners of physiognomy, who acquire it as a result of their experiences, all of which are stored in their subconscious mind, and the latter gives them results. In the form of emphatic feelings, we call it physiognomy, or talent. And basically, it’s based on data: we do not hear or know about anyone who has insight, who has earned this talent while sitting at home, but who is a frequent traveler. The more data you have, the more precise you are able to telepath with your target, and now telepathy is happening at every moment. With the technical revolution and the development and diversity of the means of all information, in many ways, social networking sites are not the first and will not be the last. With the development of computers, and their ability to process huge amounts of data, in a relatively acceptable time, and with the development of artificial intelligence software, and self-learning software, our privacy has become violated by many parties around the world, not only the intelligence services, but even studies and research centers, and decision-making institutions. They all collect an awful lot of data every day, and everyone in this world has a share of it. These software and computers will stand powerless if you strip them from their database, which must be constantly updated. Telepathy became available, easy, and possible, as never before. Physiognomy became electronic in the literal sense of the word. However, our feelings, and our emotions, remain our impenetrable fortress. If you decide to make your entire electronic life a made-up story, contrary to the reality of what you feel, such as expressing joy when you feel sad, this software will expect you from you other than what you really feel, it will fail. The more you are cunning, and deceitful in reincarnation, the more helpless it stands in knowing the truth of your feelings that no one else knows. All that is required of you is to express the opposite of what you feel. The randomness of humans, their spontaneity, and those they think are their free decisions, have been programmed by a package of factors surrounding them, which were imposed on them, including society, environment, conditions, and education. The challenge is to act neither spontaneously nor randomly, and here lies the meaning of the real free will. Can you imagine that? Your spontaneity is pre-programmed, and your random decisions that you think are absolutely free, are in fact not free, and until you are able to imagine this and believe in it, you will remain a slave to the system. To be free you must first overcome it, you must rebel against what you think is your free self. He was silent for a moment, took a breath from his cigarette, and what he was about to say now almost made him inevitable madness, a few years ago… -But, did it occur to you, Robert, that there is someone who can know the truth about your feelings, no matter how hard you try to fake them! And even knows it before you even feel it! A long moment of silence…”
“-Do you sleep well? -Yes, if I sleep, I do not wake up until after my body needs sleep, but the problem lies in reaching the stage of sleep. As soon as I put my body to bed, bouts of terror and fear begin. -Fear of what? -From losing consciousness, for my senses to stop, and I lose my sense of time, and the world around me, it becomes like I am nothing, the world around me moves, things change, and I do not know anything about them, this idea makes me crazy, to the point of crying, then I fall asleep or faint Perhaps, out of concern. He was silent for a moment, then added: I wish this world were without sleep, but my mind, my body, needs it, but I see no need for it. His last psychological evaluation session was over. The doctor approached him and began removing the polygraph sensors from his body. Now he has to wait for his final result. Until that time, many places on the island of Malta are worth a visit, especially accompanied by a beautiful Ukrainian girl like Katrina. So far from Adana, and back in time on the imaginary timeline. But for Baibars, everything happens in one moment.”
“-Have you ever thought about determinism? He continued and did not wait to hear the answer: In the past, humans believed that the eye sends a ray of light to bodies and sees them, then the Arab scholar Ibn Al-Haytham asked a logical question: If my eyes send a ray of light, why do I not see in the dark? Then he discovered that the eye is blind in its origin, a receiver and not a transmitter, it only sees when the light is reflected from the objects, so it picks up its reflection and does not send it. We understand determinism as we understand the sense of sight today, we receive it and do not send it, so we see that we are the subject and the deterministic object, we have no power before it, we have to receive it and submit to it, but what if our understanding of it is wrong?! As our understanding of the sense of sight was, while we think we receive determinism, we are in fact sending it. What if determinism had no existence, no reflection, and we were not designed to receive it but rather designed to make and transmit it. The general interpretation of determinism, on which all Muslims and non-Muslims agree, is that every event in the universe, including man’s perception and actions, is subject to a logical sequence of causes within a single continuum. Muslims say that God’s decree and predestination are pre-written and cannot be changed, but they struggle with the eternal question, if this was written for me in advance, then why would God punish me for something that I cannot change? Where is the justice in here! While unbelievers say it was nature, the laws of the universe, that created determinism, and they run into the zero-cause barrier, what is that cause that does not come from any cause? It resulted in the chain that created all causes. Muslims answer them, Cause Zero is neither a cause nor a causative, nor even a result, it is God, he was and will continue to exist, and the understanding of His nature is not within the limits of our mind, for it has no nature at all. The non-believers accuse them, that their inability to understand or know the nature of the Zero cause, made them create the idea of God in their minds, to relieve themselves of the trouble of searching. The entire dispute is based on the zero cause, assuming that determinism is a series written on us, we cannot change it, and we have no authority over it, but what if determinism is actually written on us, and we are the ones who wrote it in the first place, or perhaps we are writing it now.”
“-What is the mind’s physical reaction to the injection process? – Sometimes its reaction is by making a feeling of headache and numbness in the head, or the desire to sleep, confusion, and of course the memories, but we cannot rely on them. Even if it was not subjected to an injection. In any case, the successful injection process must be done without the mind knowing, and pass without being aware of it. -How many failed brainwashing have you done? -Zero. -How many successful operations? -Zero. A long moment of silence. The psychiatrist looked into his eyes! She knows that he succeeded in all his operations! Unexpected answer. -Why do you say that you failed in all operations? -I did not say that I failed, I said that I succeeded in zero operations -What is the difference? – They are all still alive, as far as I know, the operation is done, but I do not know which of them might discover the trick at the last moment of my life. – Anything new in your private life? women? Friends maybe? -No, they are all superficial relationships, except for Katrina -Why do you refuse to let someone close into your life? -They ask a lot, and I do not like to give answers, you are an exception, of course -What is on your mind the most right now? -Do things happen because I think of them, or do I think of them because they will happen? -Why? -Because for a week I have been thinking that you will come to meet me, did my thoughts bring you here, or did I somehow sense your presence? -What is the Sixth Sense? -It does not exist, our five senses receive an enormous number of notes, and details daily, our conscious mind cannot prevent their reception, but it can ignore them, stores them very far away without alerting us to them, to relieve itself from the trouble of dealing with them, and when we feel that something is going to happen, it is caused by it. Our subconscious mind analyzes and elicits billions of billions of details stored in it, giving us the result in the form of a feeling, to be able to transcend the power of our conscious mind, we have to take these feelings seriously and force our conscious mind to explain their cause, and return to memory and prove it. -What are the conscious mind and the subconscious mind? -The names are incorrect, but they are customary to call them like this. I prefer to call the conscious mind the mechanical mind or the brain, and the subconscious mind with consciousness, for the brain is nothing but a mechanical machine, while the subconscious mind, in fact, is consciousness itself, perhaps the soul. -Why do you talk about the brain, the subconscious mind, the soul, and you, as if you are different entities from each other? – I do not believe that I am this body, I am something inside it, perhaps I am condemned from another world to imprisonment in it, as a punishment for a sin I committed there, and perhaps with my death, my sentence ends. -So, you see that you are something different from spirit and consciousness? -No, we are all one, we cannot be separated, I am the soul, and the subconscious mind is consciousness, and it is mine, while the brain is the property of the body, or the body is its property. -What is the most frightening thing about death? – Everyone lies, the religious, and the non-religious, they all lie about their greatest fear of death, Muslims fear Hell and its torment, this is true, but if their choice is between eternity in Hell under torment, or total annihilation, nothing, they will choose the first option. That what frightens us most in Death is complete unconsciousness, becoming nothing, as if we did not exist, simply disappearing and having no awareness, any sense of anything, forever. -Why would you choose torment over annihilation? -Because I will somehow adapt to it, we humans are able to adapt in all circumstances, and always have enough hope to be patient with them.”
“..because never in my life have I ever been picked when there was another alternative.”
“..we all have to do things in this life that we don't like..”
“1.	In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“1. Do what you say you're gonna do 2. Show up! 3. Give genuine praise whenever you can 4. Never say sorry when you don't mean it 5. Never use sarcasm in email (and use the corny ass emoticons)”
“100 Questions of Life 6. What is perfection? Perfection is imperfections we've made peace with.   13. What is nature? Nature is order within chaos. 14. What is order? Order is but friendship with chaos. 15. What is chaos? Chaos is order we are yet to understand.   21. What is knowledge? Knowledge is ignorance we've chosen to correct. 22. What is choice? Choice is the fulcrum of freedom. 23. What is freedom? Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility. 24. What is responsibility? Responsibility is the act of backbone. 25. What is backbone? Backbone is more than a stick to hang your head. 26. What is the head? Head is the mightiest carrier of progress. 27. What is progress? Progress is much more than mere functioning of nuts and bolts. 28. What are nuts and bolts? Nuts and bolts are our greatest defense against unforeseen terrors of nature, on earth and beyond.   53. What is heritage? Heritage, in moderation, is an aid to growth, unmoderated, poison.   57. What is death? Death is but the fear of life. 58. What is fear? Fear is but memory of our animal past. 59. What is memory? Memory is the fabric of time. 60. What is time? Time is the meaning behind moments.   78. What is curiosity? Curiosity is a challenge to superstition. 79. What is superstition? Superstition is nature's antidote to the insecurity of the unknown. 80. What is insecurity? Insecurity is wisdom of the jungle against possible predatory attack. 81. What is wisdom? Wisdom is the result of travel in mind, not in time or space.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“A 'no' does not hide anything, but a 'yes' very easily becomes a deception.”
“A Change in life will not always be the Best, but a try to take a Chance for a Better life will be never a Loss in our Life.”
“A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!”
“A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.”
“A bend in the road is not the end of the road…Unless you fail to make the turn.”
“A boo is a lot louder than a cheer.”
“A book is proof that there is life after death. Each time a book is read a tree smiles and knows there is life after death! If you don’t believe me, you’ve never read a great book.”
“A broken heart is the ultimate lesson in life. The pain we go through is a detox that is necessary not only to overcome the trauma but to refine and re establish our worth our boundaries and our happiness from within.”
“A butterfly does not go back to a caterpillar after its full-grown.”
“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.”
“A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.”
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.”
“A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”
“A child's curiosity is greater, bolder, and louder than the fear within.”
“A cold wind always blows towards you from the doors you have not opened in your life, and it is as if the door reproaches you why you did not come in!”
“A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.”
“A comedian's life is truly a comedy in itself. The majority cannot take themselves seriously.”
“A complete stranger has the capacity to alter the life of another irrevocably. This domino effect has the capacity to change the course of an entire world. That is what life is; a chain reaction of individuals colliding with others and influencing their lives without realizing it. A decision that seems miniscule to you, may be monumental to the fate of the world.”
“A confused person, confuses everyone around them. When someone is lost. Whoever follows them becomes lost too. They find each other but they are lost together. Choose careful the people or leaders you follow. Choose carefully the people or friends you hang around with.”
“A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose. (Maester Aemon)”
“A day of Rest is always needed.”
“A dead end is not an end. It is an indicator of taking a U-turn and choosing a different path.”
“A dishonest tongue stores truth in the heart. It's the reason why true colors are shown in moments of anger.”
“A dot of your life you can transform into the comma.”
“A feeling in every muscle of the body moves. Why does passion then want to roar? Spice up the moment and make dance your home.”
“A feeling is no longer the same when it comes the second time. It dies through the awareness of its return. We become tired and weary of our feelings when they come too often and last too long.”
“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”
“A flower does not use words to announce its arrival to the world; it just blooms.”
“A forgiving heart can never run out of love.”
“A forgiving heart, peace of mind, and a beautiful life are enough.”
“A gemstone's value increases with its rarity; walking outside the crowd makes your worth increase, not decrease. ”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“A good Marriage is always a subtle for a single dime”
“A good half of the art of living is resilience.”
“A good psychologist will take already-traumatic events in your life and work with you to contextualize them as non-traumatic. A bad psychologist will take non-traumatic events in your life and twist your narrative to both make them traumatic and connect them to your current problems. The problem is that good psychologists solve your issues while bad ones create dependency and thus recurring revenue streams.”
“A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“A happier, healthier you starts when you decide to forgive.”
“A happy past with someone who isn't a part of your present doesn't let you move toward the future.”
“A healthy mind and a healthy body are the two things you need the most in your firm stance in life, and in the absence of one of them, life becomes advantageous in the fight against you!”
“A heart assured of its purpose will have the honor to admit when it is wrong, the courage to examine the reason for its faith and the strength to recover from the pain of any wrong it has done. And it will possess the greatest power known to both God and man; the power to forgive “AND” most certainly forget. A heart such as this shall always have the voice to answer life.”
“A heart may be broken too many times, but it will still heal as if nothing happened because a heart that forgives undergoes the process of renewal.”
“A heart that does not know how to forgive often lacks peace.”
“A home filled with nothing but yourself. It's heavy, that lightness. It's crushing, that emptiness.”
“A home is a source of safety and comfort.”
“A hug does more than a talk”
“A huge wave has magic and when it hits you it has a punch effect! Well, life is just like that, a giant wave, both fascinating and shocking!”
“A human being - what is a human being? Everything and nothing. Through the power of thought it can mirror everything it experiences. Through memory and knowledge it becomes a microcosm, carrying the world within itself. A mirror of things, a mirror of facts. Each human being becomes a little universe within the universe!”
“A hundred men lived inside him, somehow managed to absorb all the contradictions, reincarnated many personalities, committed more crimes against himself, used dozens of names, and lost his name in the crowd. He was struck by chaos, polished by randomly, wrestled with him and wrestled with it, wrestled with it until he tamed it, and he became its brother, friend, and son.”
“A joke is a very serious thing.”
“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“A kiss may ruin a human life”
“A leader is best tested on their ability to handle a crisis or criticism.”
“A leader who is prepared to face the demands of the followers is worthy of leading.”
“A leadership decision or action that does not align with the moral compass will always be questionable in the long run.”
“A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“A life isn't measured in hours and minutes. It's the quality, not the length.”
“A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.”
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.”
“A life without a goal is like an unguided missile”
“A life without trust is a life without belief.”
“A little kid asks my dad why that man is chopping down the tree. Dad: He's not chopping it down. He's saving it. Those branches were long dead from disease. All plants are like that. By cutting off the damage you make it possible for the tree to grow again. You watch - by the end of summer, this tree will be the strongest on the block.”
“A long time ago, I stopped sitting at tables where I might be the topic when I get up.”
“A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.”
“A man can live on his wits and his balls for only so long.”
“A man could be a lover and defender of the wilderness without ever in his lifetime leaving the boundaries of asphalt, powerlines, and right-angled surfaces. We need wilderness whether or not we ever set foot in it. We need a refuge even though we may never need to set foot in it. We need the possibility of escape as surely as we need hope; without it the life of the cities would drive all men into crime or drugs or psychoanalysis.”
“A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.”
“A man is just not the body where he lives but rather a man is where his thoughts live. We as humans over time start to live within ourselves and our thoughts.”
“A man is like a novel: until the very last page you don't know how it will end. Otherwise it wouldn't even be worth reading.”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“A man must find time for himself. Time is what we spend our lives with. If we are not careful we find others spending it for us. . . . It is necessary now and then for a man to go away by himself and experience loneliness; to sit on a rock in the forest and to ask of himself, 'Who am I, and where have I been, and where am I going?' . . . If one is not careful, one allows diversions to take up one's time—the stuff of life.”
“A man of self-knowledge transcends life and death and lives in the ecstasy of divine consciousness.”
“A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.”
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
“A man who does not know his weaknesses will never understand his strength.”
“A man who learned to expect the unexpected, make the most of every circumstance, and most importantly, that you cannot just live life; you must share insights acquire from the life you have lived.”
“A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.”
“A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.”
“A mind can be bound by ignorance and youth, not open to the wisdom it encounters.”
“A mistake isn’t a mistake unless it can’t be put right.”
“A needy God could end up destroying the universe one day. God is the Absolute. This means that he does not change and that he does not need anything from His creations.”
“A negative atmosphere can affect human behavior and can make you question your ability to accomplish goals. We can have difficulties making progress towards what we want. There's no risk in moving away from those toxic environments for the betterment of your wellbeing. GOD will always bless your efforts for the greater good.”
“A new way of life would open for each of us if we redefine our pursuits and appreciate what we already have.”
“A no from someone is the way to a yes for something better in your life.”
“A noble leader leads by example. He says what he does and does what he says.”
“A pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.”
“A paradigm shift is a long-lasting change in the way we think about our lives. It's a shift in our perception of reality, a change in our beliefs and assumptions, and a new way of looking at the world around us.”
“A paradigm shift is not a small change. A small change is a minor adjustment in our behaviour or habits, while a paradigm shift is a complete overhaul of our way of thinking and acting.”
“A parents wishes for their children shouldn't be to be as good as them but to surpass their own abilities and hopefully lead to a better world.”
“A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl.”
“A person can learn a lot from a dog, even a loopy one like ours. Marley taught me about living each day with unbridled exuberance and joy, about seizing the moment and following your heart. He taught me to appreciate the simple things-a walk in the woods, a fresh snowfall, a nap in a shaft of winter sunlight. And as he grew old and achy, he taught me about optimism in the face of adversity. Mostly, he taught me about friendship and selflessness and, above all else, unwavering loyalty.”
“A person shows signs of clutching on too fast, of being needy, of not hearing the word "no," of jealousy, of guarding you and your freedom. But the signs can be so small they skitter right past you. Sometimes they dance past, looking satiny, something you should applaud. Someone's jealousy can make you feel good. Special. But it's not even about you. It's about a hand that is already gripping. It's about their need, circling around your throat”
“A person that treats you nicely and disrespects the waiter is not a nice person. Stay away from people like that and most importantly: Don’t be like that.”
“A person who knows all the troubles of life does not look for big things to find peace, little things are more than enough to make him happy!”
“A person who understands the meaning of life will always welcome all the unexpected events whole-heartedly”
“A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.”
“A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.”
“A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.”
“A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”
“A real human being does not recognize people by money but by personality.”
“A realist is a man of action, because he does not dwell too much on reason when the results or the end will not satisfy the means. It is the reality that matters most.”
“A risk taker doesn't seek comfort or security first. Daring must become your motto if you want to take risks in life.”
“A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.”
“A rose is not its thorns, a peach is not its fuzz and a human being is not his or her crankiness.”
“A rose, no matter how beautiful, still has to contend with thorns.”
“A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.”
“A selfless leader can turn the darkness of a community into an opportunity that brings about success.”
“A sensible person will choose communication over silence to solve relationship issues.”
“A significant part of leadership is when leaders are determined to identify a vision, share it and see it to fruition.”
“A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.”
“A smart leader listens in order to learn something because he knows he cannot know everything.”
“A smart leader listens in order to learn something, because he knows he cannot know everything.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“A smile costs you nothing but can be priceless to someone else.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“A society without morals by default teaches wrong things and behavior. That everyone there graduates to become a world class freak, schmuck and a criminal. They end up becoming a burden and a problem to the system and to everyone.”
“A star does not compete with other stars around it; it just shines.”
“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
“A star maybe far but I still see the light, That’s Hope and I have it.”
“A strong desire for a peace of mind will encourage you to forgive.”
“A stumble may prevent a fall.”
“A successful leader is always concerned about the people he serves because he knows that service that cannot improve lives will not be counted as a success.”
“A successful life is not about attaining a wealthy status, but being able to create a life that guarantees one's happiness, no matter how big or small it may seem.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“A thought transfixed me: for the first time in my life I saw the truth as it is set into song by so many poets, proclaimed as the final wisdom by so many thinkers. The truth-that love is the ultimate and the highest goal to which a man can aspire. Then I grasped the meaning of the greatest secret that human poetry and human thought and belief have to impart: The salvation of human is through love and in love. I understood how a man who has nothing left in this world still may know bliss, be it only for the brief moment, in the contemplation of his beloved. In a position of utter desolation, when a man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way-an honorable way-in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment. For the first time in my life I was able to understand the meaning of the words,"The angels are lost in perpetual contemplation of an infinite glory.”
“A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.”
“A trait of great leaders is the ability to treat followers with great respect.”
“A true seeker will find everything within himself.”
“A universe without purpose should neither depress us nor suggest that our lives are purposeless. Through an awe-inspiring cosmic history we find ourselves on this remote planet in a remote corner of the universe, endowed with intelligence and self-awareness. We should not despair, but should humbly rejoice in making the most of these gifts, and celebrate our brief moment in the sun.”
“A veil hangs between the two opposites, a mere slip of a thing that is transparent to warn us or comfort us. You hate now but look through this veil and see the possibility of love; you're sad now but look through to the other side and see happiness. Absolute composure to a complete mess - it happens so quickly, all in the blink of an eye.”
“A very wise man once told me that you can't look back-you just have to put the past behind you, and find something better in your future.”
“A well-planned day makes you a better focused entrepreneur with a greater vision.”
“A whole life can be lost in minutes and can be wasted in the small moments missed.”
“A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.”
“A wise leader’s ears are always open, because he cannot afford to ignore the voices of those who look up to him.”
“A wise man once said that the best definition of insanity was performing the same action over and over again, expecting different results." Father Peter stopped smiling. "The same could be said of you. What makes you so sure you're right? And so sure I'm wrong?" "The difference is that I made a mistake once, out of ignorance," Tim said. "Everything I've done since then has been to try to make amends." "To earn forgiveness." "To protect the innocents." Tim smiled, "And yes, to earn forgiveness.”
“A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.”
“A woman laughing is a woman conquered.”
“A woman's happiness is in throwing everything away to live for love.”
“A zoologist who observed gorillas in their native habitat was amazed by the uniformity of their life and their vast idleness. Hours and hours without doing anything. Was boredom unknown to them? This is indeed a question raised by a human, a busy ape. Far from fleeing monotony, animals crave it, and what they most dread is to see it end. For it ends, only to be replaced by fear, the cause of all activity. Inaction is divine; yet it is against inaction that man has rebelled. Man alone, in nature, is incapable of enduring monotony, man alone wants something to happen at all costs — something, anything . Thereby he shows himself unworthy of his ancestor: the need for novelty is the characteristic of an alienated gorilla.”
“AGE IS NOT A NUMBER! It’s a well-earned gift of experiences.”
“APPLY WITHIN You once told me You wanted to find Yourself in the world - And I told you to First apply within, To discover the world within you. You once told me You wanted to save The world from all its wars - And I told you to First save yourself From the world, And all the wars You put yourself Through. APPLY WITHIN by Suzy Kassem”
“Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there”
“Aborting Babies, Aborts Destinies.”
“About Ukraine. The West is crying not because people are dying, they are just crying because white European people are dying. Another hand, in many parts of the world, from Palestine to Yamman, there are also people dying but nobody crying for them, no company suspending their work and no country imposing sanctions on the oppressor country.”
“About once or twice every month I engage in public debates with those whose pressing need it is to woo and to win the approval of supernatural beings. Very often, when I give my view that there is no supernatural dimension, and certainly not one that is only or especially available to the faithful, and that the natural world is wonderful enough—and even miraculous enough if you insist—I attract pitying looks and anxious questions. How, in that case, I am asked, do I find meaning and purpose in life? How does a mere and gross materialist, with no expectation of a life to come, decide what, if anything, is worth caring about? Depending on my mood, I sometimes but not always refrain from pointing out what a breathtakingly insulting and patronizing question this is. (It is on a par with the equally subtle inquiry: Since you don't believe in our god, what stops you from stealing and lying and raping and killing to your heart's content?) Just as the answer to the latter question is: self-respect and the desire for the respect of others—while in the meantime it is precisely those who think they have divine permission who are truly capable of any atrocity—so the answer to the first question falls into two parts. A life that partakes even a little of friendship, love, irony, humor, parenthood, literature, and music, and the chance to take part in battles for the liberation of others cannot be called 'meaningless' except if the person living it is also an existentialist and elects to call it so. It could be that all existence is a pointless joke, but it is not in fact possible to live one's everyday life as if this were so. Whereas if one sought to define meaninglessness and futility, the idea that a human life should be expended in the guilty, fearful, self-obsessed propitiation of supernatural nonentities… but there, there. Enough.”
“Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?”
“Academia doesn't pay well, unfortunately.”
“Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.”
“Accept what life offers you and try to drink from every cup. All wines should be tasted; some should only be sipped, but with others, drink the whole bottle.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“Accepting death makes life fuller”
“Accepting mistakes and yet repeating them is worse than making mistakes.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Accepting reality is what matters. Creating a new reality is what will move you forward in life. Define yourself and give meaning to your life.”
“Accepting the facts is always tough, so we search for forgiveness to this universe everyday to break the shackles, hurt is a prison and I from a very young young age refused to be held prisoner or even conform.”
“Accidents don't happen to people who take accidents as a personal insult.”
“Accidents happen. Our bones shatter, our skin splits, our hearts break. We burn, we drown, we stay alive.”
“According to the calendar, seasons change every 3 months; But in life, a single season can be years long… Embrace each season.”
“Accountable leaders operate transparently and put effort into ensuring good governance.”
“Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.”
“Acknowledge that there's no point in holding onto something that you can't change or that's in the past”
“Acknowledge the temporary nature of existence.”
“Action expresses priorities.”
“Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, ‘I like you. You make me happy. I am glad to see you.’ That is why dogs make such a hit. They are so glad to see us that they almost jump out of their skins. So, naturally, we are glad to see them.”
“Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”
“Adam replies two days later, when I have pretty much healed up over the whole thing. It seems like that is the way the world works. You never get what you want when you are most excited and capable. What you want comes eventually, dressed in its shabbiest state, when you don't even want it anymore.”
“Adoption has been both a challenging and rewarding experience for our family. By embracing open adoption, we have been able to honor and celebrate the birth families of our children while also providing a loving home for them.”
“Adrien Bach, main character from The Maker: You know, when you’re a kid, you think you’re going to grow up to be something special, do something important. You’re not going to be a regular Joe like everybody else. But then you get out there and life starts to hit you. It hits you so many times, eventually you just can’t get up anymore. Or won’t. And then you just don’t know. Those dreams seem to fade away, and suddenly you’re not sure who you are anymore.”
“After Bajju delivered a few beaming salutations, we walked northward up the makeshift, winding path through protruding brush, not much but a few stones placed here and there for balance and leverage upon ascending or descending. Having advanced about hundred steps from the street below, a sharp left leads to Bajju’s property, which begins with his family’s miniature garden – at the time any signs of fertility were mangled by dried roots which flailed like wheat straw, but within the day Bajju’s children vehemently delivered blows with miniature hoes in preparation for transforming such a plot into a no-longer-neglected vegetable garden. A few steps through the produce, or preferably circumventing all of it by taking a few extra steps around the perimeter, leads to the sky-blue painted home. Twisting left, hundreds of miles of rolling hills and the occasional home peeps out, bound below by demarcated farming steppes. If you’re lucky on a clear day and twist to the right, the monstrous, perpetually snow-capped Chaukhamba mountain monopolizes the distance just fifteen miles toward the direction of Tibet in the north.”
“After a long, labored sigh, I said, “She was really happy when I got there. I’m pretty sure she was suicidal when I left.” “You do have that effect on people.”
“After all it's not until something worse comes along that we can look back and realize we had something good all along. If only we hadn't been so foolish as to miss it at the time.”
“After all, if you run far enough, no one can catch you.”
“After all, it's all kinds of things that make up a life, right? The big, like falling in love and spending time with your family, and the little .like blow drying your hair, applying concealer, and cursing those magazine inserts. It all counts. It has to.”
“After all, tomorrow is another day!”
“After all, we are the masters of our own happiness. For happiness ceases to exist when we rely on someone else for it.”
“After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.”
“After awhile you realize that putting your actions where your mouth is makes you less likely to have to put your money where your mouth is.”
“After dinner or lunch or whatever it was -- with my crazy 12-hour night I was no longer sure what was what -- I said, "Look, baby, I'm sorry, but don't you realize that this job is driving me crazy? Look, let's give it up. Let's just lay around and make love and take walks and talk a little. Let's go to the zoo. Let's look at animals. Let's drive down and look at the ocean. It's only 45 minutes. Let's play games in the arcades. Let's go to the races, the Art Museum, the boxing matches. Let's have friends. Let's laugh. This kind of life like everybody else's kind of life: it's killing us.”
“After we die money is useless, money can't buy you eternal life.”
“After years of searching, I have found my soulmate, and it is myself. The bachelor is content. Oh, he still dates women from time to time, and he listens to the wedding marches sometimes too. But only because he likes them.”
“After you find out all the things that can go wrong, your life becomes less about living and more about waiting.”
“After you're gone, people will forget your name, no matter how important it was, and your face, no matter how pretty it was, and what you said, no matter how clever any of it sounded. The things you've done will crumble and fade and the places you once loved, will change and be given new names. You are only here for one moment and it lasts exactly one lifetime.”
“Ah, Nothing is too late, till the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.”
“Ah, but I was so much older then I’m younger than that now”
“Ah, love, let us be true To one another! for the world, which seems To lie before us like a land of dreams, So various, so beautiful, so new, Hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light, Nor certitude, nor peace, nor help for pain; And we are here as on a darkling plain Swept with confused alarms of struggle and flight, Where ignorant armies clash by night.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“Albus Severus," Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, "you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.”
“Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.”
“All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.”
“All I am is literature, and I am not able or willing to be anything else.”
“All I feel are the assaults of apprehension and terror at the thought that I am the only one who is entirely unlike the rest. It is almost impossible for me to converse with other people. What should I talk about, how should I say it? - I don't know.”
“All I'm saying is that there is more to life than the main story. Check out the notes in the margins because maybe they're even more important.”
“All alone I go, all alone, with the light of my inner glow. Everything is luminous now, I am not lonely anymore.”
“All any of us wanted, really, was to know that we counted. That someone else's life would not have been as rich without us here.”
“All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.”
“All crowns come from "once upon a pain".”
“All dreams are full of doubts, but only those who are proactive can turn them into reality.”
“All evil is good become cancerous.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“All good children's stories are the same: young creature breaks rules, has incredible adventure, then returns home with the knowledge that aforementioned rules are there for a reason. Of course, the actual message to the careful reader is: break rules as often as you can, because who the hell doesn't want to have an adventure?”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“All human beings have three lives: public, private, and secret.”
“All knowledge is worth having.”
“All life has a birthright.”
“All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.”
“All life's training is just exactly what is needed for the true Life-work, still out of view but far away from none of us. Don't grudge me the learning of a new lesson.”
“All my pain, all the scars, led me to the foot of the cross. ”
“All oblivious to my dreams, and to my state of struggle: some would greet me, smiling at me. But some laughed the hardest, laughing at me. Some would express pity, while some expressed sympathy. Some would pretend that I wasn't even there. And those who ignored me equalled my presence to that of the debris.”
“All of us are busy but how about doing nothing for a while and listening to everything that has been longing to speak to us.”
“All opinions are not equal. Some are a very great deal more robust, sophisticated and well supported in logic and argument than others.”
“All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions”
“All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.”
“All paths are present, always  and we can but choose among them.”
“All paths of love become one on the journey of dance.”
“All people have events and accidents in their life, not all people have stories in their life. Those who can overcome accidents and events, their incidents become stories.”
“All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man's life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards freedom.”
“All sacrifice and suffering is redemptive. It is used to either teach the individual or to help others. Nothing is by chance.”
“All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.”
“All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the holiest of words are only words.”
“All that happens means something; nothing you do is ever insignificant.”
“All that is important is this one moment in movement. Make the moment important, vital, and worth living. Do not let it slip away unnoticed and unused.”
“All that is transitory is but a metaphor.”
“All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me  You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.”
“All the natural movements of the soul are controlled by laws analogous to those of physical gravity. Grace is the only exception. Grace fills empty spaces, but it can only enter where there is a void to receive it, and it is grace itself which makes this void. The imagination is continually at work filling up all the fissures through which grace might pass.”
“All the stuff you can’t wait to get away from, until it’s not there anymore, and then you miss it like crazy.”
“All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.”
“All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.”
“All this twaddle, the existence of God, atheism, determinism, liberation, societies, death, etc., are pieces of a chess game called language, and they are amusing only if one does not preoccupy oneself with 'winning or losing this game of chess.”
“All those who try to unveil the mysteries always have tragic lives. At the end they are always punished.”
“All truth passes through three stages: First, it is ridiculed; Second, it is violently opposed; and Third, it is accepted as self-evident.”
“Allah is CLOSER to you than your jugular vein, He knows your DEEPEST thoughts; he feels your pain. Any problems, RAISE your hands to Allah and complain, The most compassionate, the one who LOVES you greatly. Allah is more MERCIFUL than a mother is to her baby, HOLD on to the QUR’AN and the SUNNAH tightly. A guiding LIGHT, shining brightly ”
“Allow yourself to ache. In it, there is healing.”
“Allowances can always be made for your friends to disagree with you. Disagreement, vehement disagreement, is healthy. Debate is impossible without it. Evil does not question itself, only hope questions itself. Even the incorruptible are corruptible if they cannot accept the possibility of being mistaken. Infallibility is a sin in any man. All laws can be broken and are. Often. Like when a bumblebee flies or an ancient regime is toppled.”
“Allowing fate to dictate how life progresses is a major mistake, as there will never be a really sure direction or outcome, with literally no ideas at all of how things will work out.”
“Almost everything you do, you do because you are afraid to die. And yet dying is exactly what you are doing, from the moment you are born. Two hours of absorption in a good Super Bowl telecast may distract you temporarily, but the fact remains. You were born as a sacrifice. And you can either participate in the sacrifice, dissolving in the giving of your gift, or you can resist it, which is your suffering.”
“Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.”
“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much”
“Alone with my wine and my misery, I was convinced that life was composed of a string of “if only’s” leading from one self-inflicted bungle to the next until at some point, one’s final iteration of the excuse became one’s final utterance, and one expired.”
“Alone" doesn't mean "lonely". It means being brave enough to find your own sanity through loneliness and misery.”
“Along the path of life you will see dark shadows, very tempting, very beautiful shadows, but do not be fooled by them, pass by the shadows and keep walking on your path, leave them behind!”
“Along with the idea of romantic love, she was introduced to another--physical beauty. Probably the most destructive ideas in the history of human thought. Both originated in envy, thrived in insecurity, and ended in disillusion.”
“Always be careful of how you make others feel, because feelings have power to soothe or break a heart.”
“Always be fearless. Walk like lion, talk like pigeons, live like elephants and love like an infant child.”
“Always be yourself because once you lose yourself you lose everything.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”
“Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“Always live your life with gratitude. That’s how the light comes into your life.”
“Always live your life with your biography in mind.”
“Always remember in life your thoughts makes you who you are”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta”
“Always remember that your goals require dedication”
“Amateur and expert master and novice what are these words to Creativity? It loves them all.”
“Ambition is the herald of dawn despite the most evident dusk.”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.”
“An ability to look into the confusing mess of life and see things for what they are.”
“An accountable leader takes responsibility very seriously.”
“An angel who makes you cry is better than a devil who makes you smile.”
“An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.”
“An archer must never blame a target for missing it.”
“An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture”
“An attentive reader will always learn more, and more quickly, from good authors than from life.”
“An awful realization that I have been fooling myself all my life thinking there was a next thing to do to keep the show going and actually I'm just a sick clown and so is everybody else ”
“An education is not so much about making a living as making a person.”
“An empress does not concern herself with the antics of fools”
“An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me ”
“An entrepreneur sees reward, not risk!”
“An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.”
“An expensive watch will not save you time unless you recognize the value of time.”
“An idle life is a bitter life.”
“An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”
“An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.”
“An ordinary teacher instructs and leaves his disciple, but a great teacher strives to make his disciple see reason by pushing him to his limits”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“An unseen forest is a seed hiding in the spirit of a fruit.”
“And I have a choice. Either to become a selfish man like a Demon or to become a good Man.”
“And I have a choice. Either to become a selfish man like a Demon or to remain a good Man.”
“And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered. But most of all, I learned that life is about sitting on benches next to ancient creeks with my hand on her knee and sometimes, on good days, for falling in love.”
“And I’d be lying if I didn’t take a lot of pride in what I think of as my personal superpower: the ability to accept and embrace things as they are, not as I wish they could be.”
“And all the lives we ever lived and all the lives to be are full of trees and changing leaves.”
“And even when they refuse to listen, I'll keep talking anyway, hoping on a slim chance that the things inside my head are worth something to someone.”
“And everyone is alive, somewhere in time.”
“And finally, due to the flood of needs, desires have drowned and died.”
“And for the rest, let life happen to you. Believe me, life is right in every case.”
“And having once chosen, never to seek to return to the crossroads of that decision-for even if one chooses wrongly, the choice cannot be unmade.”
“And life definitely doesn't want me To just let it tell me that the girl I met, The beautiful, amazing, strong, resilient girl That I fell so hard for Should only come in third Life knows. Life is trying to tell ne That the girl I love The girl I fell So hard for? There's room for her in first. I'm putting her first.”
“And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit.”
“And now I am here, as alone as I've ever been. I am seventeen years old. This is not how it's suppose to be. This is not how my life is suppose to turn out.”
“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
“And that's that as you get older, you lose things, things you don't necessarily want to lose.”
“And that's what we'll do every day. If you or your friends spray-paint obscenities on our walls, we'll scrub them off, and the people will come. if you break our windows, we'll fix them, and the people will come. If you hurt us, we'll wash off the blood, slap on some bandages and the people will come any wound you inflict, we'll stitch up. We're not going to stop, no matter what you do. This work is too important. Too many lives are at stake.”
“And the Sunflowers are an eternity in themselves. Let them embrace our dreams and invigorate our hope evermore.”
“And the memories of all we have loved stay and come back to us in the evening of our life. They are not dead but sleep, and it is well to gather a treasure of them.”
“And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.”
“And then somewhere along the shore of a distant Sunset, she tumbled across her soul, and gently Life walked in.”
“And there are really never endings, happy or otherwise.”
“And there in the dark, he asks if it was really worth it. Were the instants of joy worth the stretches of sorrow? Were the moments of beauty worth the year of pain? And she turns her head, and looks at him, and says 'Always.”
“And there it was. He knew it, and I knew it. There was nothing left for me to do. Do you know how hard it is to say nothing ? When every atom of you strains to do the opposite? I just tried to be, tried to absorb the man I loved through osmosis, tried to imprint what I had left of him on myself. I did not speak ”
“And there was a murmur of leaves along the whisper of a Twilight sky, in a canopy of stars swiftly walking through the lilac hue of a distant dream. And gently a dream passed by waving a smile, in a fiery glow of a thousand lives to kiss the halo of a soft sunset awaiting its morn.”
“And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle; it runs ahead in a straight line. That is why man cannot be happy: happiness is the longing for repetition.”
“And these children that you spit on As they try to change their worlds Are immune to your consultations. They're quite aware of what they're going through. - Changes ”
“And though you think the world is at your feet, it can rise up and tread on you.”
“And were an epitaph to be my story I'd have a short one ready for my own. I would have written of me on my stone: I had a lover's quarrel with the world.”
“And what went wrong when other alchemists tried to make gold and were unable to do so?" "They were looking only for gold his companion answered. They were seeking the treasure of their personal legend, without wanting actually to live out the personal legend.”
“And what you think about you equally matters as well. Just because you were introverted or depressed or neurotic in the past does not mean that you have to stick that label onto your forehead forever. Behaviour modification is entirely possible. New exposures and the right people can do wonders in your life.”
“And when I saw him[my father] lying dead in a pool of his own blood, I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might be not. Either way, we're on our own.”
“And when someone tells me that they want more out of life, I think of how capitalism conditions us to chase dopamine, to always want more. Instant gratification has white knuckles from death gripping our attention. We share our lives online only to have ourselves sold back to us. We are taught that there is always more, but only if we can afford it.”
“And when you look at the sky you know you are looking at stars which are hundreds and thousands of light-years away from you. And some of the stars don’t even exist anymore because their light has taken so long to get to us that they are already dead, or they have exploded and collapsed into red dwarfs. And that makes you seem very small, and if you have difficult things in you life it is nice to think that they are what is called negligible, which means they are so small you don’t have to take them into account when you are calculating something.”
“And when your illusion of fear towards death decays- your life starts to ripen.”
“And you know, there's less charm in life when you think about death--but it's more peaceful.”
“And, just as it only takes a moment to die, it only takes a moment to live. You just close your eyes and let every futile fear slip away. And then, in this new state, free from fear, you ask yourself: who am I? If I could live without doubt what would I do? If I could be kind without the fear of being fucked over? If I could love without fear of being hurt? If I could taste the sweetness of today without thinking of how I will miss that taste tomorrow? If I could not fear the passing of time and the people it will steal? Yes. What would I do? Who would I care for? What battle would I fight? Which paths would I step down? What joys would I allow myself? What internal mysteries would I solve? How, in short, would I live?”
“Anger is dangerous, and yet the only way to express yourself sometimes.”
“Another summer day has come and gone away in Paris and Rome, but I wanna go home " Home-Alan Chang; Amy Foster-Gillies; Michael Buble”
“Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.”
“Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.”
“Any leadership that is organized can never be disorganized by those who like disorder.”
“Any leadership that lacks direction is like dew. When heat appears, it disappears.”
“Any leadership that undermines the youth will never enjoy the privilege of bright and vibrant minds.”
“Any liberation that happens through deliberation is better than the spilling of innocent blood.”
“Any moment has the possibility to be the climax of your story, and if you live with that perspective, well, life is simply extraordinary.”
“Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.”
“Anymore, no one's mind is their own.”
“Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.”
“Anyone can build a masjid, because we all have hearts, turn your heart in to a beautiful place of Ibadah .. Build that masjid for Allah.”
“Anyone shall sacrifice their love but only your wife will sacrifice her life for you.”
“Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.”
“Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.”
“Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.”
“Anything that doesn't take years of your life and drive you to suicide hardly seems worth doing.”
“Anything that necessitates human interpretation is susceptible to errors.”
“Anything that needs to be proven. It is not it. For the fact that you have to prove it is. It means its being is questionable that it might happen to be something else. If it is what it is. The won't be a need to convince , persuade , and influence others. So as to change their narrative or perception to see it the way you see it.”
“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
“Anything was better than nothing. Half-full was better than empty. Ignorance was the lowest form of humiliation and suffering.”
“Anyway, everybody gets something and nobody gets everything, and that's the way it is.”
“Apart from humans all other creatures on this planet only, live/maintain the objective 'COMMUNITIEs' : few territorial & all food chain bases.”
“Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.”
“Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.”
“Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.”
“Are you living a very quiet, very pleasant life? Then you definitely need a storm to remember that you live in a chaotic universe and not in a paradise!”
“Are you so goddamn sure of yourself that you're stupid? How can anyone so smart be so stupid?”
“Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.”
“Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.”
“Arranged marriage is compared to death by some people. Simply because it's always painful to die when you still have unfinished business, just as it is to get married when you have no idea of your significant partner.”
“Art and life are subjective. Not everybody's gonna dig what I dig, but I reserve the right to dig it.”
“Art enables us to find ourselves and loose ourselves at the same time.”
“Art is the proper task of life. ”
“Art is the reason I get up in the morning, but the definition ends there. It doesn't seem fair that I'm living for something I can't even define.”
“Art is to console those who are broken by life.”
“Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.”
“As I get out of my bed, I feel better than yesterday”
“As I sat dumbfounded, seemingly paralyzed in my corner, resorting to my old, reliable strategy of scribbling when unsure of how to respond to Sanjit, Sanjit appended his counsel with a dose of silence – one reminiscent to that of a few days prior. The students looked upward and downward, fans to notes to pens to toes, outward and inward, peers to souls, and of course, toward the direction of the perceived elephant in the room, Sanjit’s books. Simultaneously, Sanjit confidently and patiently searched among the students before finding my eyes; once connected, the lesson moved forward.”
“As a child, you were a cub; as a youth, you were a fox; as an adult, you were a lion; but as an elder, you became an owl.”
“As a leader, I aim to be dynamic whenever necessity ask for it and adaptive to any change that occurs without a notice.”
“As a woman, it takes courage to age.”
“As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being.”
“As for the goddess’s answer, I did not care. I would have no need of her. I did not plan to live after he was gone.”
“As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. I wish you all very good lives.”
“As long as the world is turning and spinning, we're gonna be dizzy and we're gonna make mistakes.”
“As long as you have time, do what you really want, because once the time runs out, nothing is left".”
“As only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro, never allow yourself to be swayed by popular opinion.”
“As our body journeys through life, and life journeys on our body….life will leave marks on us too. From the creases of our wrinkles to the birthmarks on our bodies to the tattoos we decide to place.”
“As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.”
“As soon as your claims, challenges and dreams about life are over, you immediately find yourself in the following roads: Laziness, inactivity, decay!”
“As the day ends, always think of this: Everything ends! But don't let it make you unhappy knowing that everything will end! On the contrary, let it encourage you to join the ranks of people who want to create a world where things will never end!”
“As the flame of longing burns, even if does not arrive beloved, in the arms of melodies, dance.”
“As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.”
“As the manager sits before a performance, as the critics wait like hungry dogs to rip apart the performance, they all become entwined in the theatrics of it all.”
“As the years slip by, we can drift apart, Friends becoming strangers, breaking heart to heart. But do not despair, for this is nature's way, Ebbing and flowing, like the tides of each day. Hold tight to those bonds that stand the test of time, Cherish each moment, like a precious rhyme.”
“As water transitions from air to ice, and water again; so do we. Like water, Being is a transition of mind, body, and spirit  Like air, which exists despite water or ice, Spirit exists despite body or mind. Love is our living waters. God is Love.”
“As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.”
“As we grow up, we should know who belongs in our lives and who doesn't. Knowing that, we should learn to embrace those who challenge us, inspire us and are excited of us. We should learn to closely embrace those who are ready to give us a shoulder to lean on and walk with us during the best/worst journeys of our lives. Those are the ones to spend a lot of time with, as from them we learn the power of giving and not just receiving.”
“As wonderful as it is to have clarity, I want to reach back to my younger self, through the years and past all the pain I put myself through. I want to go back and somehow shorten the winding road she’s starting down. I would go to the night she sat pointing at her Bible and tell her how much intrinsic value she had, just waiting to be unleashed.”
“As you go on with your life, always remember the things that are good in you. They're your gifts. As long as you have these things, you'll find happiness, and you'll make the people around you happy.”
“As you grow up, always tell the truth, do no harm to others, and don't think you are the most important being on earth. Rich or poor, you then can look anyone in the eye and say, 'I'm probably no better than you, but I'm certainly your equal.”
“As you live your life in this world, some burdens may be too much to bear. Sometimes those you expect to have your back will stab you in the back, but when you trust the God who is just and fair, you will find the courage to rise beyond the moments of despair.”
“As you reject the opportunities that come your way throughout your life, you think that life will get tired and will not offer you opportunities! You're wrong! He will give you opportunities until you die, it's up to you to discover and use them!”
“As you remove toxic people from your life, you free up space and emotional energy for positive, healthy relationships.”
“Ask the Lord, your fortress to grant you the grace to forgive.”
“Asking for a reason for your existence It is like questioning someone in silence. I felt rusted in this world full of gold, that even if I made myself brand new, everyone already knew.”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“Associate with the noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty; but learn to be happy alone.”
“Assuming something is the illusion of knowing the truth.”
“Assuming that the one they love loves them back is the biggest illusion some people have.”
“At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.”
“At a basic level, your personal mission has to be rooted in the story of you, the sum of your life experiences, and what you want to achieve in the future. It is like a blueprint for your life that is filled with action verbs and themes that you associate with achieving a sense of abundance, and which extends beyond material resources.”
“At an age when most children are playing hopscotch or with their dolls,you, poor child, who had no friends or toys, you toyed with dreams of murder, because that is a game to play alone.”
“At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.”
“At some period of life, they had sacrificed everything for me, nothing wrong in sacrificing anything for them.”
“At some point in life you lose interest in new devices, new clothes, new trends - and it dawns on you, what's really important in life, is people. That's when you really start living.”
“At some point we all look up and realize we are lost in a maze.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“At the beginning of our life, we may feel bare and helpless and gradually adorn ourselves with the most fanciful trappings, trying to be ‘someone else’. After erring and drifting, we eventually realize we want to discover ‘ourselves’, without any airbrushing, so as to meet our real self and not the one imposed on us. ("Lost the global story.")”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“At the end of the day, what is life? A beautiful journey. Why must we take it so seriously and not enjoy every moment of it? Why not let any person have his chance in anything he desires?  Why not vanish the hate and forgive? Why not follow our dreams and make them reality?”
“At the same time I know that it’s not really their fault, at least not completely. I did my part too. I did it on a hundred different days and in a thousand different ways, and I know it. But this makes the anger worse, not better.”
“At the time we were all convinced that we had to speak, write,and publish as quickly as possible and as much as possible and that this was necessary for the good of mankind. Thousands of us published and wrote in an effort to teach others, all the while disclaiming and abusing one another. Without taking note of the fact that we knew nothing, that we did not know the answer to the simplest question of life, the question of what is right and what is wrong, we all went on talking without listening to one another.”
“At the time, my life just seemed too complete, and maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.”
“At this point, when you start discussing books with friends, You start Growing towards Maturity.”
“At times I feel as if I had lived all this before and that I have already written these very words, but I know it was not I: it was another woman, who kept her notebooks so that one day I could use them. I write, she wrote, that memory is fragile and the space of a single life is brief, passing so quickly that we never get a chance to see the relationship between events; we cannot gauge the consequences of our acts, and we believe in the fiction of past, present, and future, but it may also be true that everything happens simultaneously.   That's why my Grandmother Clara wrote in her notebooks, in order to see things in their true dimension and to defy her own poor memory.”
“Atheism, a religion dedicated to its own sense of smug superiority.”
“Attaining recognition is an individual journey; it cannot be bestowed upon us by others”
“Atticus had said it was the polite thing to talk to people about what they were interested in, not about what you were interested in.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Authentic leaders do not lead for the sake of validation. They are validated by the impact of their contributions.”
“Authentic leadership is an opportunity that allows leaders to contribute effectively to the lives of their followers.”
“Autobiography begins with a sense of being alone. It is an orphan form.”
“Autumn is a place where words fall short. It is a magic that must be felt, breathed, experienced, and treasured.”
“Averill thought that evil was a very strange thing. Strange, and sly. It found a way in, as a rat finds its way into a house, it ate whatever you had been too stupid or lazy to put away, and when it was done it disappeared, its belly full.”
“Avoid excuses, you have the responsibility of making your dreams a reality.”
“Avoid those who seek friends in order to maintain a certain social status or to open doors they would not otherwise be able to approach.”
“Avoid those who value money and support those who value humanity.”
“Awaken and remember who you are.”
“Awaken from the slumber of despair, as the heart repairs and memories dance to the song called time.”
“Awaking Overnight to Compete Dreams is First Steps towards Achievements.”
“Baby, it's all just smoke and mirrors, Since you left me in choke and shivers. Baby, it's all just crashing down, Since you let me down. Baby, it's all just wanting you around, Since you turned swound. Baby, it's all just hopeless, Since you went headless.”
“Bad company is always bad company”
“Bad things always have consequences . No matter how good you are doing them. How good you are in hiding them or how good you are in hiding while doing them.”
“Bad things happen to the best of people, and we cannot let them overwhelm us. Life doesn’t always work out the way we plan, but it does work out in the end.”
“Basketball rule #3 Never let anyone lower your goals Other's expectations of you are determined by their limitations of life. The sky is the limit, sons. Always shoot for the sun And you _will_ shine.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Be a believer in possibilities. Even in the dark, see the opportunities. Cast your gaze beyond the shadows.”
“Be a channel, not a container; a container traps life, a channel transports life.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”
“Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life…”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“Be a true Heart, not a follower.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Be an inspiration to others even at your bad will because 60% of life achievement comes from the the pay-back of inspiring others.”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Be bold. But not bold, be fucking bold.”
“Be brave and forgive people while they are alive; do not take hatred to the grave.”
“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference. Don't allow the phone to interrupt important moments. It's there for your convenience, not the callers. Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river. Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't major in minor things. Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. Don't spread yourself too thin. Learn to say no politely and quickly. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Don't waste time grieving over past mistakes Learn from them and move on. Every person needs to have their moment in the sun, when they raise their arms in victory, knowing that on this day, at his hour, they were at their very best. Get your priorities straight. No one ever said on his death bed, 'Gee, if I'd only spent more time at the office'. Give people a second chance, but not a third. Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying peace, health and love. Learn to listen. Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly. Leave everything a little better than you found it. Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation. Loosen up. Relax. Except for rare life and death matters, nothing is as important as it first seems. Never cut what can be untied. Never overestimate your power to change others. Never underestimate your power to change yourself. Remember that overnight success usually takes about fifteen years. Remember that winners do what losers don't want to do. Seek opportunity, not security. A boat in harbor is safe, but in time its bottom will rot out. Spend less time worrying who's right, more time deciding what's right. Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. The importance of winning is not what we get from it, but what we become because of it. When facing a difficult task, act as though it's impossible to fail.”
“Be busy with your free life.”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.”
“Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“Be creative, live a fun life, and don't be an asshole.”
“Be curious about the world in which you live. Look things up. Chase down every reference. Go deeper than anybody else--that's how you'll get ahead.”
“Be curious but be mindful.”
“Be evolved, and no one can preserve you.”
“Be fearless: just like a toddler who jumps out of his bed, seeking freedom or reassurance.”
“Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Be happy, but never satisfied.”
“Be hopeful, it may not change your life, but it will help you to feel better about your life.”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“Be in charge of your inner peace. Take a step towards forgiveness and you will win.”
“Be in love with your life, every detail of it.”
“Be incorruptible, and no one can buy you.”
“Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.”
“Be known for your kindness and sympathy, for a kind gesture can heal a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.”
“Be like the sun, fuel this dance with warmth. Lock your feet to the beat; step after step, so many steps, excitement spreading beneath, connecting you to a higher entity.”
“Be like the sun; never let the opinions of those who hate you dull your shine.”
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Be noble like the sun; let even those who resent you for shinning benefit from your warmth.”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“Be positive, even with bad people also. It either may convert them to good one or will give you blessings by heart..”
“Be prepared to face the consequences if you blame others for your mistakes.”
“Be proud of the work you are skilled at because no task is small and no job isn’t enough, every seed sown is a blessing for each one of us.”
“Be pure, and no one can imitate you.”
“Be ready to adjust in life because it can get bumpy at any time.”
“Be so good they can't ignore you.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Be so wonderful and boundless in life to have lived it all your best.”
“Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.”
“Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining; Thy fate is the common fate of all, Into each life some rain must fall”
“Be strong enough to say this to yourself -Sins were mine, and so shall I have to pay for it”
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”
“Be thankful for the efforts of people who worked hard to get you where you are; you should not take it for granted and treat them with indifference.”
“Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.”
“Be thankful to those who could hurt you but chose to get hurt because they cared for you.”
“Be the art that life is breathing. Be the soul the world is living.”
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Be unadulterated, and no one can mimic you.”
“Be uninfected, and no one can imitate you.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“Be your own armor, Be your motivator. Your are the tide of impossible light, You are your carburetor.”
“Be yourself because an original is worth more than just a copy.”
“Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.”
“Beauty can be born out of not only love, but also pain and other motivations.”
“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Beauty is a fleeting gift; take care not to invest your entire self-worth in it.”
“Beauty is a whore, I like money better.”
“Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade”
“Beauty is not what we see, it can be an illusion of eyes Beauty is what we can feel.”
“Because . . . most of us think that the point is something to do with work, or kids, or family, or whatever. But you don't have any of that. There's nothing between you and despair, and you don't seem a very desperate person.' 'Too stupid.' 'You're not stupid. So why don't you ever put your head in the oven?' 'I don't know. There's always a new Nirvana album to look forward to, or something happening in NYPD Blue to make you want to watch the next episode.' 'Exactly.' 'That's the point? NYPD Blue? Jesus.' It was worse than he thought. 'No, no. The point is you keep going. You want to. So all the things that make you want to are the point. I don't know if you even realize it, but on the quiet you don't think life's too bad. You love things. Telly. Music. Food.”
“Because I don’t care what anyone says or how often or winningly they say it: no one will ever, ever be able to persuade me that life is some awesome, rewarding treat. Because, here’s the truth: life is a catastrophe. The basic fact of existence – of walking around trying to feed ourselves and find friends and whatever else we do – is a catastrophe. Forget all this ridiculous ‘Our Town’ nonsense everyone talks: the miracle of a newborn babe, the joy of one simple blossom, Life You Are Too Wonderful To Grasp, &c. For me – and I’ll keep repeating it doggedly till I die, till I fall over on my ungrateful nihilistic face and am too weak to say it: better never born, than born into this cesspool. Sinkhole of hospital beds, coffins, and broken hearts. No release, no appeal, no “do-overs” to employ a favored phrase of Xandra’s, no way forward but age and loss, and no way out but death.”
“Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.”
“Because I'm selfish. I'm a coward. I'm the kind of girl who, when she might actually be of use, would run to stay alive and leave those who couldn't follow to suffer and die.”
“Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort of god or spiritual-type thing to worship--be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some inviolable set of ethical principles--is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you. On one level, we all know this stuff already. It's been codified as myths, proverbs, clichés, epigrams, parables; the skeleton of every great story. The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily consciousness. Worship power, you will end up feeling weak and afraid, and you will need ever more power over others to numb you to your own fear. Worship your intellect, being seen as smart, you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out. But the insidious thing about these forms of worship is not that they're evil or sinful, it's that they're unconscious. They are default settings. They're the kind of worship you just gradually slip into, day after day, getting more and more selective about what you see and how you measure value without ever being fully aware that that's what you're doing.”
“Because horror on Earth is real and it is every day. It is like a flower or like the sun; it cannot be contained.”
“Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward.”
“Because isn’t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn’t that the simple magic phrase?”
“Because it begins to seem to me at such times that I am incapable of beginning a life in real life, because it has seemed to me that I have lost all touch, all instinct for the actual, the real; because at last I have cursed myself; because after my fantastic nights I have moments of returning sobriety, which are awful! Meanwhile, you hear the whirl and roar of the crowd in the vortex of life around you; you hear, you see, men living in reality; you see that life for them is not forbidden, that their life does not float away like a dream, like a vision; that their life is being eternally renewed, eternally youthful, and not one hour of it is the same as another; while fancy is so spiritless, monotonous to vulgarity and easily scared, the slave of shadows, of the idea, the slave of the first cloud that shrouds the sun  One feels that this inexhaustible fancy is weary at last and worn out with continual exercise, because one is growing into manhood, outgrowing one's old ideals: they are being shattered into fragments, into dust; if there is no other life one must build one up from the fragments. And meanwhile the soul longs and craves for something else! And in vain the dreamer rakes over his old dreams, as though seeking a spark among the embers, to fan them into flame, to warm his chilled heart by the rekindled fire, and to rouse up in it again all that was so sweet, that touched his heart, that set his blood boiling, drew tears from his eyes, and so luxuriously deceived him!”
“Because memory and sensations are so uncertain, so biased, we always rely on a certain reality-call it an alternate reality-to prove the reality of events. To what extent facts we recognize as such really are as they seem, and to what extent these are facts merely because we label them as such, is an impossible distinction to draw. Therefore, in order to pin down reality as reality, we need another reality to relativize the first. Yet that other reality requires a third reality to serve as its grounding. An endless chain is created within our consciousness, and it is the very maintenance of this chain that produces the sensation that we are actually here, that we ourselves exist.”
“Because the harshest truth, the truth that's been there all the while, is that the worst thing you can ever imagine happening ? Some days it actually does.”
“Because the parenting IS the most difficult job in the world! Our children need our Love, but also our support within this amazing matrix of choices. They need us to guide them towards Healthy Foods, Healthy Habits, Inspiring Activities, Life Enriching Friends, etc.’ Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids body mind soul”
“Because there was a hunger in me to see everything and do everything. I wanted to be everyone I saw. I wasn't enough for me. Can you understand that?”
“Because you can only die once but you can suffer forever.”
“Because, sometimes, things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.”
“Because," explained Mary Rommely simply, "the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out by believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination. I, myself, even in this day and at my age, have great need of recalling the miraculous lives of the Saints and the great miracles that have come to pass on earth. Only by having these things in my mind can I live beyond what I have to live for.”
“Become a legacy by building your own empire but don’t forget to thank everyone who was part of your success!”
“Become smooth like water, for getting passed from every conditions ”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.”
“Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.”
“Before I can tell my life what I want to do with it, I must listen to my life telling me who I am.”
“Before giving an answer, you must first understand the question. When the question is not clear, the answer will also follow the same path.”
“Before he knew he was immortal. Before life was no longer fragile. Those were the days when life truly meant something. When life was hard but worthwile, and love was valuable because your days were numbered. That was living.”
“Before you judge me, make sure you are perfect”
“Beginnings commence the sure end.”
“Behind the hurtful words, there could be a hurting person. That is why you need to listen carefully and act wisely. Never let any hurtful language stand in your way to happiness. Forgive!”
“Behold the folly of arrogance, selfishness, and pride— for in the end, to dust we shall all reside.”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“Being a Good Person Doesn’t get you Loved, it gets you used.”
“Being a reader has brought me much joy, laughter, and rich experience. But reading has also wounded me. The sacrament of reading has plowed me open and sown seeds of empathy that have taken root in deep soil. Over the years, reading has caused me to grow from a shallow, self-absorbed youth to one who seeks out the pain of the world. Reading has burdened me with the welfare of my fellow human, but sometimes the burden proves too heavy for my narrow shoulders.”
“Being alone is better than being in a relationship that makes you feel lost and lonely.”
“Being an author does not mean limiting yourself to reading the works of others. We must continue to learn daily.”
“Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.”
“Being brave means that knowing when you fail, you won't fail forever.”
“Being curious is an indication of being alive.”
“Being faithful in the smallest things is the way to gain, maintain, and demonstrate the strength needed to accomplish something great.”
“Being fully alive requires participating in life completely- you must involve yourself in life with your whole self.”
“Being genuinely cared for by someone makes you so fearless.”
“Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
“Being human is not hard because you're doing it wrong, it's hard because you're doing it right.”
“Being hurt inevitably breeds feelings of hatred towards your attacker. But when we hurt others, we have to deal with their hatred for us, and our own feelings of guilt. Knowing what it feels like to be hurt is exactly why we try to be kind to others. That’s what makes us humans.”
“Being in a relationship with someone meant compromise. You gave up things you wanted because your partner needed you to. I’d seen my parents do it for each other for years. What he’d been trying to tell me, and what I saw now, was that there were some things you couldn’t compromise on. The things that were part of you, that made up who you were, had to be appreciated by the people who claimed to love you. Otherwise, they were just trying to make you what they were. That’s not love. That’s colonialism.”
“Being interesting isn't important. But being happy is. As well as being a person you're proud of”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“Being liked for the way you looked is worse than not being liked at all.”
“Being present helps us slow down the experience of time and fully enjoy the gifts that are available now. Life, within each moment, contains an entire universe of riches.”
“Being selfish is part of life that lets you survive.”
“Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.”
“Being silent about your relationship issues is not a strength. It's just an escape.”
“Being single and alone is nice, until you are sick or hurt and there is no one to check upon you.”
“Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!”
“Being too forgiving to everyone is only going to hurt you.”
“Being true to yourself is the only means of realizing God.”
“Being true to yourself is the only means to attain self-knowledge.”
“Being your authentic self may make it more difficult for you to fit in but it will make you more at ease with yourself!”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough ”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.”
“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Believe me. No matter how bad things are today, they’ll be far better tomorrow. — Namiya General Store”
“Believe something and the Universe is on its way to being changed. Because you've changed, by believing. Once you've changed, other things start to follow. Isn't that the way it works?”
“Believing in is a good thing but questioning your beliefs gets you closer to the truth.”
“Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.”
“Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself.”
“Betrayal can cause you a lot of pain, but the worst form of pain is the one harboured in your heart due to unforgiveness. Choose forgiveness and tranquilly in life; it yields better results.”
“Betrayal contributes so much to personal growth.”
“Betraying someone once can be a mistake. Betraying someone twice is a choice.”
“Better an unsung HERO than the source of envy.”
“Better to be a small man and stay with people you like near the girl you love than a transferred giant, yes?”
“Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.”
“Beware of looking for goals: look for a way of life. Decide how you want to live and then see what you can do to make a living within that way of life.”
“Beware of the small things. A small leak can sink a great ship.”
“Beyond thorns are blooming meadows, beyond grief are smiles. Numb is the world, but why must you be? Anchor feet on the shore of melodies, in dance, all stress shall release.”
“Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.”
“Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life "It's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground.”
“Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.”
“Biochemistry is the alchemy of nature, transforming simple elements into the majestic tapestry of life”
“Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.”
“Birth the perfection of sacred pressure,Life the beginning of times age and Death the humility of dusted ground”
“Birthdays could be such a bummer when you were older than the country you lived in.”
“Bitter truth about money Money can't buy you everything. True !! But the whole needs of your life, bread, food, home, medicine, education—nobody gifts you your whole life, nor is it free. Money is not so important.Yeh, absolutely right. Ohhh but it's just controlling, ruling, and running the whole world. And every second of life depends on this unimportant thing. Every bad thing happens just because of money. Problems in relationships, problems in nature, proud behavior, right? HUMAN..Human is evil; he needs something to blame for all his crimes.Money is an object and an easy, soft target. What's important in life? Money or love? The answer is simple. Love inspired to build the Taj Mahal. and Money fulfilled the dream. After all, we must learn to be happy in situations where we are. God is with One Who knows patient”
“Blessed are those whose breaths are faithful to the art of dance.”
“Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?”
“Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’.”
“Books can truly change our lives: the lives of those who read them, the lives of those who write them. Readers and writers alike discover things they never knew about the world and about themselves.”
“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books. Books make sense of life. The only problem is that the lives they make sense of are other people's lives, never your own.”
“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.”
“Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.”
“Bow humbly to the truth of life when you see it clearly, otherwise life in its power will bring you to your knees and break your vanity.”
“Brainstorming cannot be done until and unless an attitude becomes character”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Break me, Hurt me, Betray with me. I will not do anything with you, the time will take my revange.”
“Breaking: Keep breaking, For this is where living truly lies, In all those dark places, That held those lost and weary cries, Because it's through all the breaking where your roots of strength are found, Through all the mending, Light gives way, and you smash fresh ground. Darling, let it break so you can let it go, And you'll find the surge of healing power through the fiery skin of your soul.”
“Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. ”
“Bright perfection wore on the nerves after a while, and Solanji relaxed into the soothing absence of expectation.”
“Bring something incomprehensible into the world!”
“Bringing to light what had been hidden in darkness should not overwhelm you, but EDUCATE you.”
“Broken Heart can't be repairs ,but can get healed..”
“Build an empire and make it a brand.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel ”
“Build yourself a life or a career where you can afford to sleep peaceful at night.”
“Build yourself up to stand out and be recognized in a crowd.”
“Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.”
“Busy hands achieve more than idle tongues.”
“But I always liked side-paths, little dark back-alleys behind the main road- there one finds adventures and surprises, and precious metal in the dirt.”
“But I can hardly sit still. I keep fidgeting, crossing one leg and then the other. I feel like I could throw off sparks, or break a window--maybe rearrange all the furniture.”
“But I do know we’re deficient in some way. We are too involved in materialistic things, and they don’t satisfy us. The loving relationships we have, the universe around us, we take these things for granted.”
“But I don't believe that life is supposed to make you feel good, or to make you feel miserable either. Life is just supposed to make you feel.”
“But I don’t think fighting monsters is all that courageous. I think the ultimate act of courage is standing still in the face of a monster. Courage is looking closely enough into its jaws to see it for what it is: an illusion. The monster isn’t real. It’s your fear of the monster that is real. And just about anything in life can look like a monster if the light is just right.”
“But I guess that’s the thing about the past. You can’t change it. You can’t fix it. You can only understand it. And if you’re lucky, make sure you don’t make those mistakes again.”
“But I have learned that you make your own happiness, that part of going for what you want means losing something else. And when the stakes are high, the losses can be that much greater.”
“But I have my life, I’m living it. It’s twisted, exhausting, uncertain, and full of guilt, but nonetheless, there’s something there.”
“But I think we both knew, even then, that what we had was something even more rare, and even more meaningful. I was going to be his friend, and was going to show him possibilities. And he, in turn, would become someone I could trust more than myself.”
“But I’m not guilty,” said K. “there’s been a mistake. How is it even possible for someone to be guilty? We’re all human beings here, one like the other.” “That is true” said the priest “but that is how the guilty speak”
“But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of.”
“But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.”
“But circumstances change. Small causes lead to large effects. New paths are added. And all anyone can do . . . is choose.”
“But everyone knows someone who has died, I said. Why is it so hard to think about dying? 'Because,' Morrie continued, 'most of us walk around as if we're sleepwalking. We really don't experience the world fully, because we're half asleep, doing things we automatically think we have to do.' And facing death changes all that? 'Oh, yes. You strip away all that stuff and you focus on the essentials. When you realize you are going to die, you see everything much differently.' He sighed. 'Learn how to die, and you learn how to live.”
“But for me living without loving you is not possible, As for the Moon to shine without the Sun is impossible.”
“But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that wil carry him into places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“But how could you live and have no story to tell?”
“But if everything was always smooth and perfect, you'd get too used to that, you know? You have to have a little bit of disorganization now and then. Otherwise, you'll never really enjoy it when things go right.”
“But in that moment I understood what they say about nostalgia, that no matter if you're thinking of something good or bad, it always leaves you a little emptier afterward.”
“But instead of spending our lives running towards our dreams, we are often running away from a fear of failure or a fear of criticism.”
“But life, if nothing else, had taught her promises weren't always to be counted on, and what appeared at first a shining chance might end in bitter disappointment.”
“But love is complicated, it’s messy. It can inspire selflessness, selfishness, our greatest accomplishments and our hardest mistakes. It brings us together and it can just as easily drive us apart.”
“But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows.”
“But our lives aren't just measured in years, they're measured in the lives of people we touch around us.”
“But people —the ordinary, the decent and basically honest— couldn’t get through the day without that one indispensable bit of programming, that allowed you to say one thing and mean, feel, even do, another.”
“But progress means getting nearer to the place where you want to be. And if you have taken a wrong turning, then to go forward does not get you any nearer. If you are on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; and in that case the man who turns back the soonest is the most progressive man.”
“But some climbs you have to make alone.”
“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”
“But that was the problem with having the answers. It was only after you gave them that you realized they sometimes weren't what people wanted to hear.”
“But that's life. That's what you learn from; when things happen. Especially at your age. You just have to take it in and remember to think afterwards and not forget and never grow bitter.”
“But that’s the thing about narcissists. They can try to fool you, with all their heart, but in the end, they’re just fooling themselves.”
“But the catch in life is, Unless you shed the inhibitions chaining you down, Unless you take the leap of faith, Unless you push yourself from the edge of your comfort zone, Unless you get ready to embrace the uncertainties of life, And risk everything you already have, You can't live the life of your dreams!”
“But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.”
“But the only way never to do the wrong thing is never to do anything.”
“But then it occured to him that any progress he had made on his quest so far he had made by accepting the help that had been offered to him.”
“But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.”
“But things change, people change, Gaby. Otherwise what would be the point of living?”
“But to believe that getting stuff is the purpose and aim of life is madness. ”
“But we can't go back. We can only go forward.”
“But we don’t always get what we want in this life. In fact, we don’t get what we want most of the time. We get compromises and settlements, half measures and tamped-down dreams. We get half a loaf baked, half a glass filled.”
“But what are loyalty and caring really worth?" "To me? Everything.”
“But what is life if you don't live it?”
“But what is the sense in forever speculating what might have happened had such and such a moment turned out differently? One could presumably drive oneself to distraction in this way. In any case, while it is all very well to talk of 'turning points', one can surely only recognize such moments in retrospect. Naturally, when one looks back to such instances today, they may indeed take the appearance of being crucial, precious moments in one's life; but of course, at the time, this was not the impression one had. Rather, it was as though one had available a never-ending number of days, months, years in which to sort out the vagaries of one's relationship with Miss Kenton; an infinite number of further opportunities in which to remedy the effect of this or that misunderstanding. There was surely nothing to indicate at the time that such evidently small incidents would render whole dreams forever irredeemable.”
“But when it came right down to it, the skin of my wrist looked so white and defensless that I couldn't do it. It was as if what I wanted to kill wasn't in that skin or the thin blue pulse that jumped under my thumb, but somewhere else, deeper, more secret, and a whole lot harder to get.”
“But when your situation is hopeless, all you can do is turn the world upside down, transform it according to your wishes, and create anew.”
“But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? I miss God. I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. I still don't think of God as my betrayer. The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. I miss God who was my friend. I don't even know if God exists, but I do know that if God is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. I have an idea that one day it might be possible, I thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. If the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, I might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup. As it is, I can't settle, I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and know that love is as strong as death, and be on my side for ever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me. There are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. Naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. But on the wild nights who can call you home? Only the one who knows your name. Romantic love has been diluted into paperback form and has sold thousands and millions of copies. Somewhere it is still in the original, written on tablets of stone. I would cross seas and suffer sunstroke and give away all I have, but not for a man, because they want to be the destroyer and never the destroyed.”
“But while my inner voice was clearly telling me I was at my core an entrepreneur, it's inconvenient to decide at twenty-three that you can't really work for other people.”
“But, in her life, nothing was going to happen. Such was the will of God! The future was a dark corridor, and at the far end the door was bolted.”
“But,instead of what our imagination makes us suppose and which we worthless try to discover,life gives us something that we could hardly imagine.”
“By all evidence we are in the world to do nothing.”
“By being yourself, you fulfill your destiny. It’s your unique gifts, thoughts, and ideas that the world needs. No one else can give them to the world because they’re yours. Be yourself and bask in the power derived from self-realization.”
“By ensuring your environment is one of growth rather than surrender you can ensure your life's journey is the most rewarding and pleasing one possible.”
“By focusing on your life's passion; You can turn your passion into your story and then turn your story into a SUCCESS STORY !!!”
“By following the teamwork of the bees, let us work at our assigned positions and never give up on them in times of difficulty; until the desired results are achieved.”
“By forgetting everything you have learned, that is the moment you start educating.”
“By suicide, yeu can only hurt the people who loves yeu.”
“By the truth we are undone. Life is a dream. 'Tis the waking that kills us. He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”
“By the way, when Oprah Winfrey is suggesting you may have overextended yourself, you need to examine your fucking life.”
“By wanting less, you'll have more time on your sleeves. Only by wanting more, will you end up wasting your precious time on things that don't matter in life.”
“CALVIN: As usual goodness hardly puts up a fight.”
“CALVIN: This whole Santa Claus thing just doesn't make sense. Why all the secrecy? Why all the mystery? If the guy exists why doesn't he ever show himself and prove it? And if he doesn't exist what's the meaning of all this? HOBBES: I dunno. Isn't this a religious holiday? CALVIN: Yeah, but actually, I've got the same questions about God.”
“CALVIN: When I grow up I want to be an inventor. First I will invent a time machine. Then I'll come back to yesterday and take myself to tomorrow and skip this dumb assignment.”
“CLEMENTINE: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon. JOEL: I know. CLEMENTINE: What do we do? JOEL: Enjoy it.”
“COMING FORTH INTO THE LIGHT I was born the day I thought: What is? What was? And What if? I was transformed the day My ego shattered, And all the superficial, material Things that mattered To me before, Suddenly ceased To matter. I really came into being The day I no longer cared about What the world thought of me, Only on my thoughts for Changing the world.”
“COMMUNITIEs' are the only problem of all living creatures on this 'Planet Earth'. & human's suffering because of multiple communities - made/maintained/created by them, in the name of so many Human languages only. But blamed in the name of GOD/CREATOR: Mono/Poly-theistic creations.”
“Call me crazy, but I think we do the best living when stakes are high.”
“Calmness is a bed where flowers grow.”
“Cameras are supposed to help you relive a moment, but if you never live the moment in the first place, because you are too busy taking pictures, how will you relive it!”
“Can I tell you one thing?” Melonhead says. I swallow. “Sure.” “One day isn’t your whole life, Murph.” He waits until I look at him. “A day is just a day.” I scoff and slouch in the chair. “So what are you saying? That people shouldn’t judge me on one mistake? Tell that to Judge Ororos.” He leans in against the table. “No, kid. I’m saying you shouldn’t judge yourself for it.”
“Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?”
“Cancel my subscription to the resurrection.”
“Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.”
“Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.”
“Care by some people feels like a condition.”
“Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you.”
“Casting aside other things, hold to the precious few; and besides bear in mind that every man lives only the present, which is an indivisible point, and that all the rest of his life is either past or is uncertain. Brief is man's life and small the nook of the earth where he lives; brief, too, is the longest posthumous fame, buoyed only by a succession of poor human beings who will very soon die and who know little of themselves, much less of someone who died long ago.”
“Causes of suicide are cheaper than life.”
“Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.”
“Celebrate the present moment and never dwell on what happened in the past if you want to enjoy life.”
“Celebrate your life and remember that you were given a chance that many aborted babies were denied.”
“Certain things in life are like crumpled pages. No matter how hard you try, you just can't smooth them out.”
“Certain things in life simply have to be experienced -and never explained. Love is such a thing.”
“Certainty is for the fallen. The living have to work with what is probable.”
“Certificates are just a piece of paper but experiences are better than certificates ”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“Change Your Perspective, Inspire the World”
“Change can’t be expected to happen without keeping the republic free and uncorrupted.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“Change is hard, but it's not impossible. Don't be afraid to take the leap, because you have what it takes to soar.”
“Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.”
“Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Change should be accepted not opposed.”
“Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.”
“Change the perception in life of criticism into challenges, luck into opportunity, achievements into Inspiration, Ideas into Invention and become a Brand that does not demand to be introduced.”
“Change the world, I know I won’t, Enthralling as always I hope it remains, A kaleidoscope of joy, sorrow and pain. But my only wish as I take this jaunt, Is for my words on you to impress upon, A smile, a tear or even an angry frown.”
“Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.”
“Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.”
“Changing is what people do when they have no options left.”
“Changing with time feels beautiful. But when someone forces you to change, it feels suffocating.”
“Changing your environment for the greater good can also open your mind to a new sense of freedom and endless possibilities.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Character — the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life — is the source from which self-respect springs.”
“Chasing a person doesn’t give you value or build values in you. You earn your value by chasing morality and practicing dignity.”
“Cheating and loyalty can't exist together in a relationship.”
“Cheers to better days!”
“Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.”
“Cherish those Who Sincerely Love You, and never let loneliness become your constant companion”
“Children are ever so keen to cut their teeth on what their parents do consistently. So, when you treat your parents with loving care today, you are most likely teaching your children how to honour you in the future.”
“Children are the most valuable teachers.”
“Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”
“Children pay little attention to their parents' teachings, but reproduce their characters faithfully”
“Children, Never look Back!" and this meant that we must never allow the future to be weighed down by memory . for children have no past, and that is the whole secret of the magical innocence of their smiles.”
“Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of mortal inventions. “No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from.” “But what if he is your friend?” Achilles had asked him, feet kicked up on the wall of the rose-quartz cave. “Or your brother? Should you treat him the same as a stranger?” “You ask a question that philosophers argue over,” Chiron had said. “He is worth more to you, perhaps. But the stranger is someone else’s friend and brother. So which life is more important?” We had been silent. We were fourteen, and these things were too hard for us. Now that we are twenty-seven, they still feel too hard. He is half of my soul, as the poets say. He will be dead soon, and his honor is all that will remain. It is his child, his dearest self. Should I reproach him for it? I have saved Briseis. I cannot save them all. I know, now, how I would answer Chiron. I would say: there is no answer. Whichever you choose, you are wrong.”
“Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.”
“Choose battles that you can win without losing your heart and your soul.”
“Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.”
“Choose not to be intimidated by people on social media, because those who can fake it better are considered the real ones. Choose to do your own thing no matter what, because that is not only a real thing, but it is your reality.”
“Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it ”
“Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“Choose to differentiate If you like something, or you like the idea of liking something. There is a difference between liking sex and liking the idea of having sex. Most people lose themselves or destroy themselves thinking they like something, only to find the just like the idea of it.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“Choose your steps wisely because your footprints may be followed by others.”
“Choosing a path meant having to miss out on others. She had a whole life to live, and she was always thinking that, in the future, she might regret the choices she made now. “I’m afraid of committing myself,” she thought to herself. She wanted to follow all possible paths and so ended up following none. Even in that most important area of her life, love, she had failed to commit herself. After her first romantic disappointment, she had never again given herself entirely. She feared pan, loss, and separation. These things were inevitable on the path to love, and the only way of avoiding them was by deciding not to take that path at all. In order not to suffer, you had to renounce love. It was like putting out your own eyes not to see the bad things in life.”
“Christ knew it would not be easy to forgive, so He taught a lot about forgiveness by demonstrating it to the world.”
“Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.”
“Classification and then reduction, the mind’s strongest weapon against conscience, if it wants to relieve your conscience to kill innocents, it would classify them within a group and include with them those who deserve death in its view, then reduce all the small details into generalities, and ignore them. As it will not fail a trick, to make the killing of children and women an inevitable necessity, towards a higher goal and a better world. Thus began the story of Baibars himself, nearly twenty years ago, when the extremist organization decided to classify the entire American people as one group, ignoring that the number of Muslims killed by Muslims themselves was many times greater than those killed because of American policies in the Middle East, and then decided that the destruction of their opponents in the Middle East. The destruction of the World Trade Center in Manhattan. Their minds reduced all the details; a child playing in his father’s office, a girl waiting for her mother’s return, a wife on the plane eager to meet her husband, their conscience did not hesitate for a moment to kill thousands of innocent people, for the sake of their ultimate goal. And so did America itself, when it decided to avenge its murderers, categorized, reduced, and shot everyone. Its pilots saw neither the children nor the families in the homes they were about to demolish over their heads. So did Hitler, Napoleon, Hulagu, and every serial killer known to mankind. It makes you like a pilot driving a plane, throwing a bomb over the houses, not seeing the trace of what it did on the ground, and if he carried it with his hand and walked in the streets, and watched the children, women, the innocent, who would fall dead from this bomb, he would not detonate it, but he only sees houses that look like matchboxes from the sky, general picture, no details. Satan’s most powerful weapon for controlling the mind, or the most powerful weapon of the mind to control us, and at some point, it masters it, to the point where it no longer needs to justify, reduce, or categorize anything, kill your opponents, and all their offspring, destroy them, burn them, leave none of them. Since many minds are tools in the hands of Satan, it can manipulate them as it wants. Since its working mechanisms have become known to him, Baibars decided, why not? Why do not we make them tools for good. He used Satan’s own style, manipulated everyone, and at times, reduced, but according to his laws, do not reduce the innocent. He is not afraid, he made his decision in the war, and whoever made this decision must bear the consequences of it. He wished time would go back a thousand or two thousand years and freeze there, where the wars between human beings were fought with swords and arrows, at that time, not many innocents fell, only soldiers who made their decision in advance to war, to kill, knowing that they might die. Everyone had the time and the ability to think, make decisions, and even escape. While today, most of the victims of wars do not make a decision, they pay with their lives without anyone asking them if they want to be part of this war at all. Cities are bombed and destroyed over the heads of their inhabitants, and most of them reject this war from the beginning. When someone detonates a bomb in a mall, he does not ask the victims of his bombing about their political stances, their religion, and even if they want to be part of this war, and so do the planes, they do not ask, and their victims have no opportunity to make a decision. As for him, Baibars, he made up his mind It is to fight in defense of those who did not have the opportunity to take it.”
“Classify your friends into groups. Classify them per their roles in your life. It will save you from investing in the wrong people.”
“Clean leadership requires one not to be afraid of handling dirt.”
“Clear misunderstandings before they permanently damage your relationships.”
“Clocks slay time  time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.”
“Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out.”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“Coldness is curse, Warmth is the cure.”
“Come clean with a child heart Laugh as peaches in the summer wind Let rain on a house roof be a song Let the writing on your face be a smell of apple orchards on late June.”
“Come on, we only get one chance at life. This isn't a dress rehearsal.”
“Comes the tipping point in life, when we decide to a ‘stop and search’ and our emotional police bring us to a standstill. This allows us to scan all the little details in the spectrum of our being; scour all fuzzy or cryptic elements that are floating around in our mind and restore the fault lines in the cluttered tale of our life. ("The world was somewhere else")”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“Compared to the universe, we are like a drop of water in the ocean. We come and pass unnoticed; just like a chilly wind.”
“Comparison -He continued: Comparison exists in everything material and immaterial, when you stand in front of the library shelf to buy a book on a subject, you look at the author’s name first, to compare the quality of his presentation with the fame of his writer. When you enter a café, you look at the people in it, associating its importance with the importance of the customers, their looks, their clothing brand, and their watches. I know a café in Vienna, that you are not allowed to enter unless you wear specific clothing brands, and its prices are very high, although the coffee in it tastes bad, yet everyone sees it as an excellent coffee. These two papers are of the same color, you will not see them, not because they do not reflect light, or because they are colorless, but because there is no frame of reference on which the mind can rely to distinguish between them. He bent the little one to stick out its tip: but now, you have another frame of reference, this bend exposed it. Just because you see something when you do not have a proper frame of reference to base it on does not mean it does not exist. He smiled and looked him straight in the eye: just as you did not see that Roman worker on the bridge, it does not mean he does not exist.”
“Comparison to others is the emperor of all emotional maladies. It kills the spirit and creates divisions in our social interactions.”
“Complex question can only be solved by patience.”
“Congratulations on the new library, because it isn't just a library. It is a space ship that will take you to the farthest reaches of the Universe, a time machine that will take you to the far past and the far future, a teacher that knows more than any human being, a friend that will amuse you and console you -- and most of all, a gateway, to a better and happier and more useful life. [ Letters of Note ; Troy (MI, USA) Public Library, 1971]”
“Congratulations! Today is your day You're off to great places You're off and away You've got brains in your head You've got feet in your shoes You can steer yourself any Direction you choose You're on your own And you know what you know And you are the guy Who'll decide where you go Out there things can happen And frequently do To people as brainy And footsy as you And will you succeed? Yes you will indeed! (98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed) You're off to great places Today is your day Your mountain is waiting Go, get on your way!”
“Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within ”
“Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.”
“Conscious leaders are continuously prepared to reach out to their followers, because their conscience can never allow them to neglect those who need them.”
“Conscious leaders choose to be honest, even when everyone else suspects them of being dishonest.”
“Conscious leaders know how to curtail any confusion, because they are clear about what needs to be done and how it should be done.”
“Conscious leadership means being able to make sober decisions and realize that those decisions will impact a thousand generations to come.”
“Conscious leadership occurs when leaders take a comprehensive approach to solving problems, because conscious leaders are aware that when a certain problem is not resolved, it will continue to exist.”
“Consciousness is much more than the thorn, it is the dagger in the flesh.”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Contrary to what you may assume, I am not a pessimist but an indifferentist- that is, I don't make the mistake of thinking that the  cosmos  gives a damn one way or the other about the especial wants and ultimate welfare of mosquitoes, rats, lice, dogs, men, horses, pterodactyls, trees, fungi, dodos, or other forms of biological energy.”
“Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion. To attack the first is not to assail the last.”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Could you imagine what a salmon would say if you asked it about its life? We think our lives are miserable? If only a salmon could speak. This fish spends half of its life swimming upstream, only to reach a body of water where either a bear catches it or it lays eggs only to die right afterward. What are we complaining about then? A salmon does what a salmon does. It doesn’t complain.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.”
“Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith ”
“Courage doesn't mean feeling no fear, it means having the strength to carry on despite it. When you face your fears, you gain control of your life. Don't be afraid to take the first step and show the world what you've got!”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”
“Courage to die is all too different from that required to carry on living against odds." - Crossing the Mirage”
“Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!”
“Cowards shrink from challenges, weaklings flee from them, but warriors wink at them.”
“Coz Black is Beautiful!”
“Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!”
“Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely  U choose Danger or Love?”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“Crap. It's all crap. Living is crap. Life has no meaning. None. Nowhere to be found. Crap. Why doesn't anybody realize this?”
“Crawling across the barren ground, life was hard for the tiny colorless caterpillar. But today, she shimmied in delight like a ballerina twirling before a great audience. She transformed into an iridescent butterfly full of mystery and wonder. As she took flight on a magical adventure, she was caught in a spider’s web. Her story was just beginning.”
“Create Opportunities for yourself as well as others.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Cry if you know that someone is there to see you happy. Never cry for a person who doesn't know the value of your tears.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.”
“Cultivating holistic wealth helps us to be mentally tough and to have grit to weather the inevitable storms and setbacks that life brings.”
“Cung said, “I have researched Vietnamese People fleeing to the land of the Uc da Loi! On the 26th of April 1976, the first boat carrying Vietnamese refugees arrived in Darwin. (Uc da Loi means Big Red Rat. The Vietnamese People named Australians as such because of the red kangaroo painted on the sides of Australian military vehicles. They did not know what a kangaroo was and so, they thought it was a rat. Hence the name of Uc da Loi.) (A Gracious Enemy & After the War Volume Two)”
“Curiosity is the lust of the mind.”
“Curiosity is the root of invention.”
“Cynics are simply thwarted romantics.”
“Dance above the surface of the world. Let your thoughts lift you into creativity that is not hampered by opinion.”
“Dance is the place that you visit to remove any anxiety while moving to your favorite melody.”
“Dance to the beat of your own drum; whether the world likes your rhythmic movements or not.”
“Dance zigzag or in a straight line; while taking a breath or remaining breathless, celebrate this moment with a step of life.”
“Dancers are the athletes of God.”
“Dare I say I miss him? I do. I miss him. I still see him in my dreams. They are nightmares mostly, but nightmares tinged with love. I still cannot understand how he could abandon me so unceremoniously, without any sort of goodbye, without looking back even once. That pain is like an axe that chops at my heart.”
“Dare to Be When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. Dare to be the best you can – At all times, Dare to be!”
“Dare to dream and don't stop until your dream becomes a reality.”
“Darling listen - I want you to wake up now  Oh, no.. you took me otherwise. I am not asking you to wake up early today & do the same thing you did yesterday, I want you to wake up in life  To wake up in life means to become more of yourself, to express yourself, to show the world how you're unique & the best, everyday. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “Things happen to me” to “I make things happen”… It also means to remain happy with what you have while working hard for what you want. To wake up in life means putting a full stop to “watering the WEEDS” & begin “watering the SEEDS”… It also means to stop over-dreaming & under-acting. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “what is missing” to “what you’re grateful for”… & giving your best shot to everything & achieving every single thing you possibly CAN! Good luck & Tons of Good Wishes!”
“Days are more fulfilling when you have enthusiasm for life, a passion for the work you do, a heart for community service, and a commitment to your faith.”
“Dead people can be our heroes because they cant disappoint us later; they only improve over time, as we forget more and more about them.”
“Dear Daughter, Adopt a life characterised by greatness. Do not settle for mediocrity; work hard till you receive the crown reserved for those who serve with excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, Although it is desirable to lead an honest life, not everyone is honest. Although it is commendable to believe in justice, not everyone is just. Although it is noble to care about others, not everyone does. Yours is not to do what others do, but to ensure that whatever you do is truthful, helpful, and meaningful.”
“Dear Daughter, Always ensure that your decisions and actions assist you to unlock closed doors. Avoid doing the opposite.”
“Dear Daughter, Always pursue a better way to make this world a better place.”
“Dear Daughter, Always remember that you are good enough to make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Anything you want to be, you can be. You only need to know what you need and pursue it until you win.”
“Dear Daughter, Appreciate those who run towards you, even when things are not working out for you.”
“Dear Daughter, At times you will encounter some closed doors, but do not allow them to steal your joy. Focus on pursuing open doors until you get to the top.”
“Dear Daughter, Be the light, shine bright and do wonders. This is your life, make it count.”
“Dear Daughter, Be willing to make your mark in life. Start right now.”
“Dear Daughter, Choose a good company that will not stain your legacy.”
“Dear Daughter, Conceive ideas that will lead you to open doors and perceive yourself walking through those doors. Do not be held captive by limiting perspectives. There is a God who can ensure that you experience open doors.”
“Dear Daughter, Do a better job in taking care of the life you have. Be gentle and kind to yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not allow the vicissitudes of life to put you down. Thrive and make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not become worn down by the pressure to appear perfect as long as you keep doing what results in excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not dance in the mud if you want to make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not get involved in situations that hinder you from accessing open doors.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not settle for mediocrity. Strive for excellence in everything you do.”
“Dear Daughter, Do the things you know you need to do, in order to be fruitful.”
“Dear Daughter, Do what is meaningful in life because that is what gives meaning to the world.”
“Dear Daughter, Do what you must, with the light at your disposal. Make sure it shines brighter.”
“Dear Daughter, Do whatever it takes to make your mark. Set boundaries if you must.”
“Dear Daughter, Do your best to become better than you were in the past. Do not deprive yourself of a fruitful life.”
“Dear Daughter, Engage in conversations that lead to open doors and avoid unnecessary wars.”
“Dear Daughter, Enjoy life with those who love you. Spend your time with everyone who cares and do not waste it on those who do not!”
“Dear Daughter, Ensure that your choice or action does not derail you from doing what is right. Make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Even in the night, shine your light.”
“Dear Daughter, Even on the darkest night, the brightest stars continue to shine. Therefore, shine bright wherever you are.”
“Dear Daughter, Every situation presents a free learning opportunity. Do not miss it.”
“Dear Daughter, Excellence is hard to ignore—excel in what you do and people will notice.”
“Dear Daughter, Find your calling in life and you will receive your reward.”
“Dear Daughter, Focus on what will bring out the best in you and do that consistently. Pay no attention to the need to seem perfect. You may have some imperfections that show up frequently, but do not forget that you were created perfectly.”
“Dear Daughter, Follow paths that lead to a destination synonymous with excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, For you to grow, you should allow some doors to close.”
“Dear Daughter, From daytime to noontime, from nighttime to sunshine ─ shine bright, right where you are.”
“Dear Daughter, Get any form of negativity out of the way, if you intend to become great.”
“Dear Daughter, Go for what you believe in, if it is right for you to do it.”
“Dear Daughter, Great doors will open when you become obedient to the voice of God.”
“Dear Daughter, Guard against the victim mentality. It makes people feel and live as if life owes them an apology.”
“Dear Daughter, Hard work may not give you instant results, but one day you will look back and be proud.”
“Dear Daughter, History can never be changed. So, as you write in your history book, write very well.”
“Dear Daughter, How far you can advance in life is directly proportional to how well you can admit when you are wrong and how promptly you can make things right.”
“Dear Daughter, If you are searching for serenity, think positively.”
“Dear Daughter, If you are the best of the best, you will make a big difference on this planet. Regardless of the circumstances, say yes to excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, If you desire tranquillity in your life and want to feel fulfilled, avoid competition.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to be the best, you have to work harder than everyone else.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to experience open doors in your lifetime, declare war against things that waste your time.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to go the extra mile, put in the extra work.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to shine your light, you must be willing to advance in life.”
“Dear Daughter, In this life, you will only get one shot at things, so make the most of it.”
“Dear Daughter, In this world, you are the main actor in the life you have. Do not act as an extra. You need to take the lead. Live your life in a meaningful way.”
“Dear Daughter, It does not matter how dark it gets, the stars will always shine bright. You must also shine, just like the stars.”
“Dear Daughter, It is easy to make your mark if you know who you are.”
“Dear Daughter, It is not about proving people wrong or right. It is about proving yourself right by doing what is right.”
“Dear Daughter, It is quite simple to make progress. Have a vision and be committed to the process required for success.”
“Dear Daughter, It will always be possible to remain standing if you know how to stand for the truth.”
“Dear Daughter, Just like the morning sun rises after the darkest night and somehow manages to shine bright. Aim to shine your light.”
“Dear Daughter, Just to give you a heads-up, keep your head up. You are enough.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn to be content with your life because that is the only one you have.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn to evacuate any place that could stop you from being great.”
“Dear Daughter, Let no one convince you otherwise. You were born to shine and that is what you must remember at all times.”
“Dear Daughter, Let nothing stop you from responding to a Divine call. Make the right choice and in the end, you will stand tall.”
“Dear Daughter, Let your life be a testament to God’s love, grace and mercy. Choose to shine bright without any shadow of doubt.”
“Dear Daughter, Light up the night like the moonlight and sparkle like a star.”
“Dear Daughter, Live that life. It is yours, do not outsource it to anyone.”
“Dear Daughter, Live, learn and laugh while alive. The only chance you have is now.”
“Dear Daughter, Look around you, there is something that will amaze you.”
“Dear Daughter, Look for what you can do and do it well. Allow excellence to be your emblem.”
“Dear Daughter, Love others, be kind to them and pray for them. That is what humanity is all about. In doing that, do not forget yourself; for when you love yourself, you will easily love others.”
“Dear Daughter, Make sure that whatever you want, aligns with God's Master Plan for your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Make the most of your life. Serve others and make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark and shine bright. Just like a candle makes its mark by shining in the dark.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark so that no one misrepresents you on this journey of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark wherever you are and you will shine.”
“Dear Daughter, Never let feelings and flashy things cause you to miss the blueprint of your destiny.”
“Dear Daughter, Never place too little or no value on your abilities. Many great things can be unearthed when you value what is within. You were born with unique gifts and the onus is on you to get them revealed.”
“Dear Daughter, Never run out of the desire to exhibit excellence wherever you are.”
“Dear Daughter, Never waste time thinking about things you cannot change no matter what. Focus on creating wealth and pursuing a fruitful life.”
“Dear Daughter, No matter how hard it seems, your success can still happen. Make it happen.”
“Dear Daughter, No one has a perfect life, not even those whose lives seem perfect in your eyes. So, do not feel miserable based on what you see on social media. Value your life and celebrate it no matter what.”
“Dear Daughter, No one is perfect, but do not ruin your life in the name of no one being perfect.”
“Dear Daughter, Opt to only dine with people who want to see you shine. Then you will shine if you are diligent enough.”
“Dear Daughter, Please take care of yourself. The life you have is precious and you must always remember that.”
“Dear Daughter, Pray and filter anything that is not from God in your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Refuse to be held back by those who also have their limitations.”
“Dear Daughter, Remember to forget that which adds no value to your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Resist the urge to compare your life with that of someone else. You are one of a kind in this universe. Do not walk in reverse. You ought to exude confidence.”
“Dear Daughter, Revolutionize your life. Rise and quit looking down on yourself. You have what it takes to dream big and manifest those dreams. Do it. Do it now. Do not wait for tomorrow. The clock is ticking.”
“Dear Daughter, Search for the gift that lies dormant within. When you find it, do not ignore it; use it to glorify the One who gave you that gift.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine bright. You are a child of the light!”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light even if circumstances compel you to do otherwise. When you shine your light, no one can keep you down.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light right where you are because you are a daughter of light.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light. You have no idea how many people are waiting on you to show them how it is done.”
“Dear Daughter, Show others your benevolence and do so with excellence. When you excel, your light will shine brightly in this world.”
“Dear Daughter, Shower yourself with the best gifts. Roll out the red carpet for yourself first, because you deserve the best treatment.”
“Dear Daughter, Some dark clouds help you realize you are a child of the light and that yours is to shine your light.”
“Dear Daughter, Some doors will only open when you are ready to move from the valley and climb to the mountaintop.”
“Dear Daughter, Some great blessings will come in the form of doors that refuse to open when you need them the most.”
“Dear Daughter, Some great doors may not have keys to their locks. So as you knock – invite God. He alone knows how to unlock any door.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes it will turn dark. Very, very dark. Yours is to shine your light, no matter what.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes the best solution is to be silent, especially when you do not know what to do all by yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes you have to forget who you are and focus on making your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes you may feel down, but for you to rise, you will have to get up. Do not give up and do not stay down. Go higher and higher, right where you belong.”
“Dear Daughter, Speak like a queen who occupies a special seat in this world. God created you to reign. So, be proud of who you are and look after your crown.”
“Dear Daughter, Stand for what you believe in, as long as your beliefs do not disregard the fundamental principles of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Stand in the gap and help those who need your helping hand.”
“Dear Daughter, Standing up for yourself does not necessarily mean you are fighting; it simply means you are doing the right thing.”
“Dear Daughter, Strive for mastery and fulfil your destiny.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with good people who will help you stay out of trouble and not endanger your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with selfless people who pick you up when you are down.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with those who make life easy so that your life can be much easier.”
“Dear Daughter, Take advantage of your abilities. It is the only way to show the world what you are capable of.”
“Dear Daughter, Teach your tongue to pronounce positivity and switch your mind off from any negativity.”
“Dear Daughter, The beauty of the stars is visible in the night. So, when you are in the dark, do not forget to shine.”
“Dear Daughter, The best is in store for those who work hard and strive for excellence. Be one of those.”
“Dear Daughter, The best thing you can do is be the best version of yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, The darker it becomes, the brighter the stars. Do not worry about the dark nights. Just make sure you shine.”
“Dear Daughter, The idea is to keep soaring no matter how much you are dragged down sometimes.”
“Dear Daughter, The journey to prosperity requires you to set priorities and seize opportunities.”
“Dear Daughter, The moment you discover that no one is more special than you are, you will realize your power.”
“Dear Daughter, The more you look for ways to shine your light, the brighter you will shine.”
“Dear Daughter, The most special person in your life should be you. Do not forget to adore yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, The only time you should give up is when you are on the wrong path.”
“Dear Daughter, The opportunity to experience life is a gift that should be treasured at all times. It is vital to make the most of life, even if you cannot predict what the future holds from where you are.”
“Dear Daughter, The sooner you come to terms with the fact that you are unique, the more content you will be with being yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, There are certain things in life you are obligated to do. Take charge and never be a coward.”
“Dear Daughter, There are great rewards for making your mark. Start right where you are and make an indelible mark.”
“Dear Daughter, There are some things that no one else in the world can offer but you. Therefore, you should never look down on yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, There is a significant reason you were born. Make sure you live up to that reason.”
“Dear Daughter, There is only one version of you worldwide. That is how unique you are. So, know who you are and live your life with a sense of pride.”
“Dear Daughter, There is so much you can achieve in this life. Go out there, work hard and become an achiever.”
“Dear Daughter, Things may not go the way you want them to, but you should remain uplifted, empowered, and encouraged regardless. Focus on the positive aspects of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Think positively all the time. You will be surprised by how innovative you become.”
“Dear Daughter, Tomorrow belongs to no one. Today has been given to you and yesterday is gone. So, live life freely with no regrets.”
“Dear Daughter, Treat others well and it shall be well with you as well.”
“Dear Daughter, We live in a busy world, but sometimes you need to pause and remind yourself of how amazing you are.”
“Dear Daughter, When it comes to making your mark, do not negotiate with anyone. Do what you must.”
“Dear Daughter, When the sun does not shine bright in your life, look at the bright side of life. Do things that make you shine and you will be fine.”
“Dear Daughter, When you are in the spotlight, there will be those who aim to dull your shine. Be cautious at all times and aim to shine no matter what.”
“Dear Daughter, When you begin to focus on opportunities rather than obstacles, your life will be filled with miracles.”
“Dear Daughter, When you do not feel like going on, just keep going until you reach the top.”
“Dear Daughter, When you help others, you will get a sense of accomplishment and your life will change for the better. Hence, you should not grow weary of being a good person; it will enrich your life.”
“Dear Daughter, When you help someone else, you end up finding the help you never thought you needed.”
“Dear Daughter, When you improve the quality of your thinking, you will access better doors easily.”
“Dear Daughter, When you learn how to do better, you will become better.”
“Dear Daughter, When you set your goal, aim to accomplish it. It is in the accomplishment of goals that you will be content.”
“Dear Daughter, When you strive for excellence, people will see how brilliant you are. Therefore, go out there, excel and become the best.”
“Dear Daughter, Wherever you are, make your mark and you will shine like a star.”
“Dear Daughter, Wherever you go, you represent your name, your natives and your neighbourhood. Represent them well.”
“Dear Daughter, Who you become depends on how you see yourself now, what you choose now and what you do now. Therefore, do what is right.”
“Dear Daughter, Who you were yesterday must never be who you become tomorrow. Evolve!”
“Dear Daughter, Work on your mental strength so you will not be hurt easily.”
“Dear Daughter, Work on your personal evolution so that you will not be imprisoned by other people's opinions.”
“Dear Daughter, You are God’s child. Not an ordinary person. You are good enough. You ought to be prepared for great things in life.”
“Dear Daughter, You are a magnificent work of art. Keep that in mind.”
“Dear Daughter, You are in no way obligated to let anyone define you. Maintain an accurate definition of yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, You are more valuable than many precious stones combined. Do not ever forget that.”
“Dear Daughter, You have sole ownership of the life that God has given you. Live it, love it and adore it.”
“Dear Daughter, You need discernment in order to recognize the right doors. When you finally discover those doors, walk through them fearlessly.”
“Dear Daughter, You need to get on your knees, to access the keys to doors that remain unseen.”
“Dear Daughter, You were born to excel. Do not be content with mediocrity. Be a beacon of excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, You will sometimes face seasons in your life that do not reflect triumph, but when you focus on making your mark, you will become a woman of impact.”
“Dear Daughter, Your life matters, therefore, do what matters..”
“Dear Daughter, Your light will always shine bright and inspire those who are pro-light.”
“Dear Daughter, Your value must never be reduced by any venue or event. Remember your worth, wherever you are in this world.”
“Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.”
“Dear Leader! Learn from the people you lead; being a leader does not mean you know everything. Learn as much as you can. It will help you gain wisdom.”
“Dear Leader, Always remember that the higher the leadership position, the more service you will be expected to render.”
“Dear Leader, As a leader, you never wait for your followers to present their problems. You go to them and find out their existing problems so you can address them.”
“Dear Leader, Be a "fit-for-purpose" kind of leader who makes a great impact on society.”
“Dear Leader, Be prepared for a ‘not-so-easy easy life if you are willing to lead right. Leadership is not leisure. It has an excessive amount of pressure. But if you can handle that pressure, you will be a successful leader.”
“Dear Leader, Choose not to bleed on the people you lead. Let your own wounds remind you of the significance of supporting those in need.”
“Dear Leader, Do your best. When you do that, you will sleep well at night knowing you did what was right.”
“Dear Leader, Examine your ways so that they cannot undermine your position as a leader.”
“Dear Leader, Followers are no longer looking for eloquent leaders. They are sick and tired of too many speeches. Followers are now in dire need of leaders who implement winning strategies.”
“Dear Leader, Great leadership involves accepting the blame for the mistakes of your predecessors, even if you are not the one who made them. Accepting the mistakes made by those who came before you will help you not to repeat the same mistakes.”
“Dear Leader, If you want to become great, seek wisdom first and then follow your passion, for there is nothing as tragic as a leader who lacks wisdom.”
“Dear Leader, In leadership, there will always be someone against the decisions you make. As a leader, you need to be cognizant of the fact that not everyone will applaud you all the time. There will be times when your decisions make you unpopular. Therefore, make sure you are not influenced by the need for people’s approval but by the goal to be achieved in the end.”
“Dear Leader, In leadership, you cannot please everyone, but most people will follow you with a clear conscience when you do what is pleasant.”
“Dear Leader, It is not about the number of promises you make, but the number of promises you can fulfil that will make you an effective leader.”
“Dear Leader, Lead by example; do not be a better leader outside of your home and a terrible one at home.”
“Dear Leader, Lead without any fear if you want to lead people in the right direction.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is a platform where you handle problems time and again. Never be afraid of solving problems; it is a process expected of you as a leader.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is about providing a fair chance to others so they can lead along with you.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is always about making the best decisions, even when people think you are wrong. In the end, they will realise that you were right.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about building your own empire. It is about building a legacy that can benefit the entire community.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about imposing solutions on the people you lead, but discussing the problems in order to have a collective effort in addressing the existing problems.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about rising above the ones you lead; it is about walking side by side with them so they can go far with you.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about self-enrichment but the enrichment of the lives of your followers.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about who you are; it is about what you can do for those who depend on you.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership requires a commitment to focus on the goal, a willingness to learn, and the passion to lead the best way you can. So that in the end, you can accomplish the right mission.”
“Dear Leader, Learn to preserve lives because those lives will protect your power as a leader.”
“Dear Leader, Learn to take criticism positively. You are a leader. As much as you will be applauded sometimes, you will also be criticised at times. This leadership coin has two sides; be ready to handle both.”
“Dear Leader, Mistakes will happen along the way. But do not make your followers think that you were the worst mistake they ever made.”
“Dear Leader, Never walk in the footsteps of failures if you want to be a great leader.”
“Dear Leader, Once elected into power, ensure that all promises made during the campaign are fulfilled.”
“Dear Leader, Sometimes people will say demeaning things to you and about you as the leader. Do not diminish yourself by deviating from the goal. Focus on the right direction until you get to the desired destination.”
“Dear Leader, Sometimes you will be blamed as a leader. Do not become lame when you encounter any blame. Learn from them and keep leading effectively. One day, you will emerge as a better leader after bracing for the toughest storms.”
“Dear Leader, There will be times when your character or decisions will be questioned. That is the reality of life. When you go through that time, when they question why you acted that way or why you had to make those decisions; face the crowd and give an account. You will be able to gain their trust through your ability to account.”
“Dear Leader, To climb high, you need a ladder. In order to lead, you need followers.”
“Dear Leader, When people choose you, do not let them lose you along the way. Always do what is good for them and they will look up to you as a good leader.”
“Dear Leader, When you are in a position of leadership, you will only be entrusted with responsibilities if you always keep your promises.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead people, at least try to understand them at their level. They will also relate well to you and support you as their leader.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead with passion and compassion for the people you lead, promotion becomes your portion.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead, do not let people plead for your service. You need to honour your leadership pledge by giving them your best service.”
“Dear Leader, When you truly love the people you lead, they will not leave your side. They will support you as a leader until you make it.”
“Dear Leader, When your leadership capacity is questioned, you need to remind yourself why you pursued that position in the first place. There is no need for self-pity in leadership. But there is more room to make an impact.”
“Dear Leader, Winning is not about alienating the people you lead. It is about leading them even when they alienate themselves, because your focus is mainly on the goal that lies ahead.”
“Dear Leader, You cannot lead people who are bleeding. Stop their bleeding first and then focus on leading.”
“Dear Leader, You have been entrusted with great responsibility. Serve with dignity and never fear accountability. Remember that one day you will be gone, but when you do your best, you will be remembered for your great impact.”
“Dear Leader, You need a firm surface before you can step on that ladder. Leadership is like that. You need stable followers to go higher.”
“Dear friend, you're the first and best sex in my life.”
“Dear friends, don’t be afraid of life! How good is life when one does something good and just!”
“Dear lingering pain, I’m zoning out.”
“Dear love, fight with me to show your love and fight with the world to prove your love.”
“Dear love, you're the first and best kiss in my life; Dear friend, you're the first and best sex in my life; Dear wife, you're the first and best child in my life.”
“Dear wife, you're the first and best child in my life.”
“Death ends a life, not a relationship.”
“Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder”
“Death is but the fear of life.”
“Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.”
“Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.”
“Death is the glorious passage of life temporal into life eternal”
“Death is the great equalizer. No matter how rich or how poor, we're all going in the same direction.”
“Death is tired of waiting for me. Now, I must leave before it gets angry and curses me with immortality.”
“Death means that life, or the soul, saying goodbye to the body; but that does not mean that life will not continue on different planes.”
“Death of pride brings life to forgiveness.”
“Death offers you thorns, eternity offers you roses, and life offers you both.”
“Death plays the most important part of our lives. He keeps everything in order and gives the devil some credit, for being our spiritual policeman.”
“Death’s life should have listened to the moonly whispers of breathing in the coldest nights”
“Deception  It follows us everywhere, slowly devouring our peace and sanity. It creates a wall between us preventing me from reaching you no matter how much I want to.”
“Decide what you want to be . Pay the Price   And be what you want to be.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Deep rivers run quiet.”
“Defiance is not confidence,' Lili said. 'Bravado is not courage.”
“Deliver what others never expected and watch how you climb the ladder of success faster ”
“Denial. It’s the only thing that keeps most of us from losing our sanity.”
“Depend not on human beings because they change time and again. People who were once close can become estranged. That is the strange thing about life, it changes right in front of your eyes.”
“Depression exist without you knowing it, even denying it. It is not an illusion. You don't even know you're in it. It takes awhile before you realize it. If you deny it, it means your still in there or else you won't talk about your misery and the dramas in your life.”
“Depression isn't a war you win. It's a battle you fight every day. You never stop, never get to rest. It's one bloody fray after another.”
“Desire is half of life; indifference is half of death.”
“Desire makes life happen. Makes it matter. Makes everything worth it. Desire is life. Hunger to see the next sunrise or sunset, to touch the one you love, to try again. 'Hell would be waking up and wanting nothing,' he agrees.”
“Desires are good, but it is important to recognize the need, the necessity, and the unnecessary ”
“Despair is the price one pays for self-awareness. Look deeply into life, and you'll always find despair.”
“Despite the business and auto-rickshaws and bantering Bengalis just beyond his brown front door, Sanjit cultivates a distinct learning environment and energy, one created and galvanized above the tile floors, within the thin walls, below the imperative ceiling fans, and embraced by books.”
“Despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it's time for them to be hurt.”
“Destiny doesn't instruct you to hurt people. Don't blame destiny for your wrong actions.”
“Destiny is a lie. Destiny is justification for atrocity. It is the means by which murderers armour themselves against reprimand. It is a word intended to stand in place of ethics, denying all moral context.”
“Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”
“Destiny, she’d learned, was written in the heavens; a person couldn’t take what the universe didn’t wish to give.”
“Destruction is necessary to recreate something or return it to its original form. Even the greatest creators, including God, must destroy while making something beautiful. Life is always followed by death.”
“Detachment is necessary to get peace..”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality ”
“Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.”
“Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.”
“Diamonds are always found in mud, thus if you want to shine like a diamond, you should start brushing off the muds in your life.”
“Did you ever dream you had a friend, Alec? Someone to last your whole life and you his. I suppose such a thing can’t really happen outside sleep.”
“Did you ever, when you were little, endure your parents’ warnings, then wait for them to leave the room, pry loose protective covers and consider inserting some metal object into an electrical outlet? Did you wonder if for once you might light up the room? When you were big enough to cross the street on your own, did you ever wait for a signal, hear the frenzied approach of a fire truck and feel like stepping out in front of it? Did you wonder just how far that rocket ride might take you? When you were almost grown, did you ever sit in a bubble bath, perspiration pooling, notice a blow dryer plugged in within easy reach, and think about dropping it into the water? Did you wonder if the expected rush might somehow fail you? And now, do you ever dangle your toes over the precipice, dare the cliff to crumble, defy the frozen deity to suffer the sun, thaw feather and bone, take wing to fly you home?”
“Different desires in humans will also produce different purposes in life.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Difficulty delivers durability.”
“Dig, then dig a little deeper; refusing to stop until things become real.”
“Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. The stubborn retention of it, even in the face of extreme physical hardship, can hold a man's soul in his body long past the point at which the body should have surrendered it.”
“Disappointment came to me, and booted me, and bruised and hurt me, but that's how people grow up.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Discipline yourself and others won't need to.”
“Disconnecting from some people is as important as connecting with some people.”
“Distance sometimes lets you know who is worth keeping, and who is worth letting go.”
“Distance yourself for a bit. You'll realize a lot.”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“Diyar-e-Ishq Mein Apna Maqam Paida Kar, Naya Zamana, Naye Subah-o-Sham Paida Kar; Khuda Agar Dil-e-Fitrat Shanas De Tujh Ko, Sakoot-e-Lala-o-Gul Se Kalaam Paida Kar; Mera Tareeq Ameeri Nahin, Faqeeri Hai, Khudi Na Baich, Ghareebi Mein Naam Paida Kar Build in love’s empire your hearth and your home; Build Time anew, a new dawn, a new eve! Your speech, if God give you the friendship of Nature, From the rose and tulip’s long silence weave The way of the hermit, not fortune, is mine; Sell not your soul! In a beggar’s rags shine.”
“Do I dare Disturb the universe? In a minute there is time For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse.”
“Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life.”
“Do families turn their backs over emotions or acts? Turn their back over emotional acts? Do they fall in emotional traps? Do it transpire into emotional collapse?”
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“Do not ask your children to strive for extraordinary lives. Such striving may seem admirable, but it is the way of foolishness. Help them instead to find the wonder and the marvel of an ordinary life. Show them the joy of tasting tomatoes, apples and pears. Show them how to cry when pets and people die. Show them the infinite pleasure in the touch of a hand. And make the ordinary come alive for them. The extraordinary will take care of itself.”
“Do not assume immortality.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Do not be desperate for attention from others. Pay attention to the things you need to let go of. Forgive!”
“Do not be left behind because of unforgiveness. Forgive and let everything that pulls you backwards remain in the past.”
“Do not beat yourself up about the things you cannot change. It will make your life difficult. Take heart and take charge of what you need to change.”
“Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.”
“Do not blindly trust anyone except your parents, otherwise, you can be deceived a lot. Here everyone is a friend of his greed, nobody cares about your feelings.”
“Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are ”
“Do not count how many times you have forgiven others. Count how many times God has forgiven you thus far. Then you will realize that forgiveness is being given an unmerited second chance.”
“Do not delay your victory. Forgive!”
“Do not deny yourself a pleasant life. Forgive!”
“Do not desire to attain God, but desire to be one with Him.”
“Do not despise your own place and hour. Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world.”
“Do not dwell upon the sins and mistakes of yesterday so exclusively as to have no energy and mind left for living rightly today, and do not think that the sins of yesterday can prevent you from living purely today.”
“Do not endorse the plans of the enemy. Forgive!”
“Do not entertain evil. Let it go and forgive.”
“Do not fail yourself by holding on to grudges. Forgive others.”
“Do not fall in love with people like me. I will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth. I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave you will finally understand, why storms are named after people.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Do not feed your mind with any negativity. Teach your heart the art of forgiveness.”
“Do not forfeit your right to a peaceful life because of bitterness. Embrace the life of forgiveness.”
“Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!”
“Do not go back to re-live the pain. Release yourself from that pain. Forgive!”
“Do not hold on to the pain. Let it go and you will experience a significant change. Forgive!”
“Do not hold on to the pain. Let it go and your will experience a significant change. Forgive!”
“Do not keep your heart in an unclean space; forgive and let go of every bitterness.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”
“Do not let the world tell you not to bloom Just because they aren't ready for you Just because few days after they bloomed They died on a barren land, in the rain You may face the same fate But deep down you would know It's better to die blooming Than choosing to never grow ”
“Do not let your difficulties fill you with anxiety, after all it is only in the darkest nights that stars shine more brightly.”
“Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path. The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!”
“Do not live in pain. Forgive!”
“Do not live in the shadow of the masters for ever. Learn to live in the light of your soul. Life deserves full expression.”
“Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it is gone; and do not be troubled about the future, for it has yet to come. Live in the present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering”
“Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust ghosts. Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn. Trust dreams. Trust your heart, and trust your story. (from 'Instructions')”
“Do not lose yourself in the crowd. You are the only one you've got. Take care of your soul.”
“Do not please the enemy. Forgive!”
“Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.”
“Do not salute my accomplishments, but rather forgive me for my faults.”
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
“Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.”
“Do not stress about those who cause you distress. Forgive them!”
“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.”
“Do not take that resentment to the grave with you. Before you enter your grave, forgive. It is for your own good.”
“Do not take your need for peace for granted. Do not bear grudges. Forgive!”
“Do not underestimate anything, no matter how small. Everything exists for a reason, and nothing is too small.”
“Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.”
“Do not walk around carrying other people’s baggage. Forgive!”
“Do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes? Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life? And why do you worry about clothes? See how the lilies of the field grow. They do not labour or spin. Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith? So do not worry, saying, ``What shall we eat?'' or ``What shall we drink?'' or ``What shall we wear?'' For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own. - Matthew 6:25-34”
“Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.”
“Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back”
“Do things that will make you feel embarrassed in later life not ashamed or regretful.”
“Do what you can NOW With what you have NOW Where you are NOW With the energy and the strength you have NOW …and KEEP GOING!”
“Do what you love and you'll love what you do.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Do you believe a man can truly love a woman and constantly betray her? Never mind physically but betray her in his mind, in the very "poetry of his soul". Well, it's not easy but men do it all the time.”
“Do you know how there are moments when the world moves so slowly you can feel your bones shifting, your mind tumbling? When you think that no matter what happens to you for the rest of your life, you will remember every last detail of that one minute forever?”
“Do you know what is an important part of the sport for me? It is giving an opportunity to myself to play it, what is your?”
“Do you know what you're saying when you say, "Whatever"? It's just a code word for the f-word, followed by "you." And at your age, you never, ever. say that to anyone.' " Blaze leaned back. "So now, when someone says it to me, I just say, 'You too.' (72)”
“Do you know what your problem is? You can't live with the idea that someone might leave.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Do you know why he did what he did to you? Because he could.”
“Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?”
“Do you realize that all great literature — "Moby Dick," "Huckleberry Finn," "A Farewell to Arms," "The Scarlet Letter," "The Red Badge of Courage," "The Iliad and The Odyssey," "Crime and Punishment," the Bible, and "The Charge of the Light Brigade" — are all about what a bummer it is to be a  human being?”
“Do you see my diamond-studded smile and passion-filled eyes? It’s because I’m in that stage of my life where I have nothing to prove to anyone. There is no elaborate pretence and no lavish ostentations. Genuineness smoulders in yellow gold, and I carry integrity on my eyelids. I stitch virtue, ornately and intricately, in every feather of my powder silver wings, which thrusts me past the iridescent rainbow where my ambitions soar high amid the dappled blanket of the sky. This is I; the stronger me, the happier me and the empowered me.”
“Do you think the storm is fearless? Oh, you ignorant! Don't you know, only immortal things don't know fear! Storm goes around in a panic to live his short life well, just like us humans! It is fear, the fear of the brevity of time that pushes us and the storm, to live life immediately in panic!”
“Do you wake up as I do, having forgotten what it is that hurts or where, until you move? There is a second of consciousness that is clean again. A second that is you, without memory or experience, the animal warm and waking into a brand new world. There is the sun dissolving the dark, and light as clear as music, filling the room where you sleep and the other rooms behind your eyes.”
“Do your best and give it all to God  Remember that your best can always improve.”
“Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for”
“Do yourself a favour and forgive!”
“Does a lack of life always equate to death? Perhaps it’s sometimes worse than that. For us, back then, it was. We were living an exiguity, an insufficiency which painfully demanded compensation, but to compensate for it we had nothing left. Silent. Perfectly silent as we were gliding across the icy earth. We didn't even leave traces anymore that could someday remind someone else that we had been there at all. How much does silence weigh and what amount of it can crush a man? However much: suddenly it was heavier on our shoulders. The silence, the air, the life that stuck to us like a tasteless chewing gum that we didn’t even want and all of a sudden, they ceased: the warm cloudlets, soaring into the icy air from my loosened lips. I stopped breathing.”
“Dogs are great. Bad dogs, if you can really call them that, are perhaps the greatest of them all.”
“Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.”
“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”
“Don't Give Up; You are not alone. There will always be others who will extend their hand out to you and listen to understand your story. So do not be afraid to interact with others and have faith that someday it will be ok because it will. Remember, nothing stays the same, and every storm has its resolution.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“Don't allow anger and hurt to build a permanent place in your heart.”
“Don't allow anyone else to be the judge of your character.”
“Don't allow to take you for granted. Not even someone you love.”
“Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were heading for shore.”
“Don't assume the world to be only bad, only good, or only worse. As the matter of fact is, there are good people, then there are bad people and finally, there are worse people in every walk of life and experience. Let your story be told through the wisdom of life.”
“Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!”
“Don't be a slave to your partner. Be their equal partner.”
“Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.”
“Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.”
“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”
“Don't be afraid to be confused. Try to remain permanently confused. Anything is possible. Stay open, forever, so open it hurts, and then open up some more, until the day you die, world without end, amen.”
“Don't be afraid to make mistakes. But if you do, make new ones. Life is too short to make the wrong choice twice.”
“Don't be deceived .People know very well what they are doing. They only act as victims when their intensions and plan had failed.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Don't be so blinded in love that love becomes the reason for your destruction in life.”
“Don't be too happy when the light is shining above you, shadow is just a step away! Don't be too sad when you are in the darkness of the shadow, the light is just one step away!”
“Don't be too harsh on those who are soft for no one but only you.”
“Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.”
“Don't believe what someone says, believe what someone does.”
“Don't bite off more than you can chew because nobody looks attractive spitting it back out.”
“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
“Don't break yourself in trying to fix the one you love.”
“Don't buy into a superficial reality. It has an expiration date.”
“Don't care to be honest with people who have labeled you a liar.”
“Don't complain if your're facing hard moments in life. Challenge yourself to face it, challenge yourself to beat it.”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“Don't dislike someone just because they don't like you.”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent ”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“Don't doubt yourself, that's what haters are for.”
“Don't dwell on things. Don't stay in one place too long. It was the only way to stay ahead of sadness.”
“Don't envy people that are doing better than you, instead try to find out what makes them better than you and use it as your guide to a better life.”
“Don't ever live vicariously. This is your life. Live.”
“Don't expect a good life, just expect to be good in life." -Joseph Jiyun Yang”
“Don't expect others to help you when you are never there to help them.”
“Don't feel bad about hurting those who have been hurting you for a long time.”
“Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.”
“Don't fret my dear. If art is translation of the ephemeral into observable form, then always remember that it is the translationn that is the craft. The craft is that which can always be improved. But the ephemeral is that which only you have been able to observe, and that which only you have chosen to translate, and so in a way, the ephemeral is you, and it is already beautiful.”
“Don't get stuck in right and wrong. Move on with reality be it right, be it wrong. Life goes on.”
“Don't get stuck on little things until you get to your destination”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“Don't get too excited about any degree of material success, there is no greater failure than not knowing who you really are.”
“Don't give anyone the right to write your own story, even if you know they're going to write a beautiful story for you! The story that others write for you becomes the story of others, not yours!”
“Don't give up because in the end, everything will be worth it.”
“Don't give up so fast, the best always comes last.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“Don't hastate yourself; you're the most variable person, because every big thing started from a small one.”
“Don't hate back the people who hate you. Such people already have a lot of issues to deal with.”
“Don't hate someone just because they don't think like you.”
“Don't hold grudges. Don't let people who hurt you have any place in your heart. Neither good nor bad.”
“Don't hyperbolize when things don't flow according to your plan. Things could change when you least expect it. And it is crucial to be flexible at all times.”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“Don't judge people on the days when even they don't know what they are doing in life.”
“Don't judge yourself just by your mistakes.”
“Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!”
“Don't just write a "To Do" list. Write a "To Be" list.”
“Don't leave a piece of jewelry at his house so you can go back and get it later; he may be with his real girlfriend.”
“Don't leave it all unsaid, somewhere in the wasteland of your head.”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“Don't let life stand in the way of y'our future.”
“Don't let life stand in the way of your dreams, your health and wellbeing.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.”
“Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.”
“Don't let your luggage define your travels, each life unravels differently.”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.”
“Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.”
“Don't lose your identity in trying to save the existence of your relationship.”
“Don't lose yourself in a world full of illusions. Stay focused and in your own lane. Move at your own pace. Your life journey should not feel like a race.”
“Don't make a mess of relationships. It will mess up your life.”
“Don't make any opinion if you haven't correct knowledge”
“Don't make fun, when anyone hurts..”
“Don't make your problem everyone else's problem too.”
“Don't own so much clutter that you will be relieved to see your house catch fire.”
“Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.”
“Don't respect or trust any one out of your limit. Because if u cross the bridge of your patience and emotions for any one. Then you will find yourself as a broken mirror”
“Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”
“Don't scratch your past failures. Just focus on your present goal and build your future".”
“Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.”
“Don't set your needs on the amount of money you have, earn money for your needs.”
“Don't start talking negatively about people who once had a beautiful place in your heart.”
“Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.”
“Don't talk of Life as if its one big package of miseries - it is the very Essence within that passes through both you, and your enemies and every permissible illusion. Once you're opened to, and are awakened to your TRUE NATURE, fireworks light up your path, irrespective whether it is a "Tariqa", or a pathless one!”
“Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”
“Don't try to control your people. Let them make their own mistakes.”
“Don't try to impress those people who have labeled you unimpressive without even knowing you.”
“Don't try to make other happy when you yourself are unhappy.”
“Don't try to walk against time. Learn to walk with time.”
“Don't wait for externals to hit your metabolism for your dreams. Let your action flow the ecstasy inside you and never run out of it till life.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“Don't wait to lose a person to realize their worth in your life.”
“Don't wake me for the end of the world unless it has very good special effects.”
“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”
“Don't wish it was easier wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenge wish for more wisdom”
“Don't worry about being slow, we all fasten up with Confidence!”
“Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up.”
“Don't you bully me with your politeness! Love is hard to believe, ask any lover. Life is hard to believe, ask any scientist. God is hard to believe, ask any believer. What is your problem with hard to believe?”
“Don't you know that love isn't just going to bed? Love isn't an act, it's a whole life. It's staying with her now because she needs you; it's knowing you and she will still care about each other when sex and daydreams, fights and futures -- when all that's on the shelf and done with. Love -- why, I'll tell you what love is: it's you at seventy-five and her at seventy-one, each of you listening for the other's step in the next room, each afraid that a sudden silence, a sudden cry, could mean a lifetime's talk is over.”
“Don't you oh well me,sir," Miss Maudie replied, recognizing Jem's fatalistic noises, "you are not old enough to appreciate what I said.”
“Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?”
“Don’t be afraid of criticism; the tallest trees are always confronted by the strongest winds.”
“Don’t be intimidated by other people’s opinions. Only mediocrity is sure of itself, so take risks and do what you really want to do.”
“Don’t bother trying to explain your emotions. Live everything as intensely as you can and keep whatever you felt as a gift from God. The best way to destroy the bridge between the visible and invisible is by trying to explain your emotions.”
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you, place them on the floor and use them as stepping stones to where you want to go.”
“Don’t complain, don’t explain.”
“Don’t expect people to be kind to you after being cruel to them.”
“Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!”
“Don’t just live. Dig deep and enjoy the thrill.”
“Don’t let mediocre people talk you out of your dreams; lions have little in common with sheep.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice." [ Stanford University commencement speech , 2005]”
“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
“Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be ”
“Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.”
“Don’t try to silence other people’s genius because you’re too deaf to hear your own.”
“Don’t use your own gauge to measure the world. You’re always trying too hard to get to the answer in a straight line.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Don’t wait to be comfortable, or else you’ll get comfortable waiting.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
“Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!”
“Doubt is the mother of fear. The remedy is to be an upright individual whenever the time comes to act.”
“Doubt not only kills an idea, but destroys the whole foundation of thought within you.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“Dreamers are mocked as impractical. The truth is they are the most practical, as their innovations lead to progress and a better way of life for all of us.”
“Dreams are hopeful because they exist as pure possibility. Unlike memories, which are fossils, long dead and buried deep.”
“Dreams are meant for dream chasers”
“Dreams are necessary to life.”
“Dreams are visions of where you want to go. Who you want to be. Life isn’t what it is. It’s what it can be.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.”
“Droll thing life is -- that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose. The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself -- that comes too late -- a crop of inextinguishable regrets.”
“Drunk I am today. Today I am drunk. With the book of life open before me, thwarted, blank, I sit here before you all.”
“Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears. "After all this time?" "Always," said Snape.”
“During times of war, hatred becomes quite respectable, even though it has to masquerade often under the guise of patriotism.”
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”
“Dwelling among shipwrecked dreams and losing oneself in wishful thinking cannot be a solution to tribulations. Identifying cracks and apprehending the defaults in one's life is essential to find a way to get out of a ghetto and to start a search for a new haven. ("The world was somewhere else" )”
“Dying is only one thing to be sad over. Living unhappily is something else.”
“Dying was nothing and he had no picture of it nor fear of it in his mind. But living was a field of grain blowing in the wind on the side of a hill. Living was a hawk in the sky. Living was an earthen jar of water in the dust of the threshing with the grain flailed out and the chaff blowing. Living was a horse between your legs and a carbine under one leg and a hill and a valley and a stream with trees along it and the far side of the valley and the hills beyond.”
“E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.”
“EARLY BIRD Oh, if you’re a bird, be an early bird And catch the worm for your breakfast plate. If you’re a bird, be an early early bird-- But if you’re a worm, sleep late.”
“Each Reading is another form of Time Travel or Experiencing the Multiverse.”
“Each affects the other, and the other affects the next, and the world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.”
“Each book is a mind alive, a life revealed, a world awaiting exploration, but living people are all those things, as well—and more, because their stories haven’t yet been completely told.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.”
“Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully.”
“Each new day is a blank page in the diary of your life. The secret of success is in turning that diary into the best story you possibly can.”
“Each of our lives’ is a separate and precious journey. No matter how happy, sad, painful, tragic or confusing it may by, it is unique and beautiful. No matter if we hurt others or if we ourselves were hurt, it happened and it is part of our story. If we think we can have complete control over this journey, our journey will wake us up… usually with a very unpleasant surprise. More than genetics, money or education, it is our journey who defines who we are. It defines what kind of person you are. Not the experiences you encountered nor the happy or traumatic events you may have endured. But rather how we dealt with those events and how we continue to deal with those events; when we evaluate ourselves and how we treat others. Your journey is part of your story. But it is not the complete story of who and how you are. You are a soul, a spirit, who has traveled through this life and along the way; you learned and gathered bits and pieces from here and there. And you, yourself, have woven together a soul, a spirit. And that is who you are today. You define… you. Oh, and just in case you thought your journey, your story was over… surprise, its not. So keep weaving. You are not finished yet. It is never to late to define who you are.”
“Each one of us here today will at one time in our lives look upon a loved one who is in need and ask the same question: We are willing to help, Lord, but what, if anything, is needed? For it is true we can seldom help those closest to us. Either we don't know what part of ourselves to give or, more often than not, the part we have to give is not wanted. And so it is those we live with and should know who elude us. But we can still love them - we can love completely without complete understanding.”
“Each pain brings with it an equal amount of happiness.”
“Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.”
“Early Morning Walks & the first flush of Winter Sunshine. It's incredibly difficult to wake up in the mornings of cold and cozy winter days, but somehow if you manage to get up and ask your mind to take a walk in the woods, the sunshine and warmth that catches your soul is breathtakingly beautiful, beyond beautiful. Each time a cold breeze touches you by while your heart is pulsating from the walk, you feel a Smile of calm widening in each and every breath of your bones, and when you catch a glimpse of the Morning Sun, and let the rays embrace your core, you know it was all worth it, the waking up and the walking on, so much worth it all. And then you Smile knowing, isn't the walk of Life exactly the same? When you wake up each day to walk a little more, to get wrapped in the warmth of Life all while cutting across the cold of Life's dark nights to find your way to the freshness of day, the Morning Sun of Life. And oh boy, it's just so much worth it, so much worth it all. To staying alive through the wilderness of Life. Stay in your Aura! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“Earth Existence in a 3rd density world: A Veil of Virtual Reality.”
“Earth's crammed with heaven  But only he who sees, takes off his shoes.”
“Effective leaders are able to account for what they have done and what they still need to do because they understand the power of looking back and reflecting, as well as looking ahead and planning.”
“Effective leaders are able to account for what they have done and what they still need to do, because they understand the power of looking back and reflecting, as well as looking ahead and planning.”
“Effective leaders are never afraid of the task ahead, because they know they will do whatever it takes to achieve their set goals.”
“Effective leaders are often moved by the needs of their followers and the need to accomplish a collective vision. That is why they are able to make the right moves and win big.”
“Effective leaders are often moved by the needs of their followers and the need to accomplish a collective vision. That is why, they are able to make the right moves and win big.”
“Effective leaders continue to influence others, even when their tenure ends because for them leadership is not only about the position, it is about making a good contribution.”
“Effective leaders continue to influence others, even when their tenure ends because for them, leadership is not only about the position, it is about making a good contribution.”
“Effective leaders create efficiencies and eliminate deficiencies.”
“Effective leaders do not fear commitment, because they are committed to seeing their mission come to fruition.”
“Effective leaders never wait for people to tell them what needs to be done. They know when something needs to be done. They consult with relevant people and do what needs to be done.”
“Effective leaders share their vision, so that when they embark on a mission everyone can make a good contribution.”
“Effective leaders take crucial steps to find solutions. They examine the problem, the reasons why it exists and how they can solve it or live with it.”
“Efficient leaders put more effort into ensuring they succeed in meeting the needs of the people.”
“Ego is killing Humanity, Destorying Peace and Normal life, Putting the world on fire. For someone it's Zelenskyy For someone it's Putin For someone it's Europe For someone it's USA Biden For someone it's NATO But for me it's Ego Do war against Ego and save The WORLD”
“Ego is the worst Master. Humility, the best teacher.”
“Einmal ist keinmal, says Tomas to himself. What happens but once, says the German adage, might as well not have happened at all. If we have only one life to live, we might as well not have lived at all.”
“Either we live through it, and there is no cause for concern. Or we will die, in which case we will not be alive to be worried or concerned with the state of being dead.”
“Either we waste time, or it ends up making us lose.”
“Either you love someone totally or you don't. There's no in-between.”
“Elevate the dance, evolve with its stance, execute it with all that you feel within, each movement as though a synergy with heartbeats.”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“Embrace nothing: If you meet the Buddha, kill the Buddha. If you meet your father, kill your father. Only live your life as it is, Not bound to anything.”
“Embrace possibility, but don't let it drag you down”
“Embracing pain, chaos and failure is hard, Empowering the weak is a process, Evolving from your own past is a journey! Let's celebrate the path of endurance with patience, focus and smile!”
“Embracing the imperfections that you have attracts other people because you become approachable.”
“Emotion often outwits intelligence, while intuition renders life surprisingly fluent and enjoyable. ("Le ciel c'est l'autre")”
“Emotion without reason lets people walk all over you; reason without emotion is a mask for cruelty.”
“Emotional availability is a must have ingredient for anything significant to grow and become. It requires a great deal of presence.”
“Emotional illiterates, who don’t recognize the sound of a broken heart, will never be able to hear the subtle vibrations of love reverberating through the rustling flora of life. ("Love as dizzy as a cathedral”)”
“Emotions are hard, but that’s what makes you strong ! Those who think emotional people are weak should know the same emotions give strength. Each time someone tries to break you, unknowingly they make you stronger.”
“Emotions are never a problem! The problem is our biased attitude towards emotions. Since childhood we're taught to categorize emotions into 'good' and 'bad' and participate in the never-ending race of sieving out bad emotions and conquering the good - happiness, to be more specific. Whereas, sadness, anger, enthusiasm, anxiety, fear, confidence, or the state of being disconnected are all different forms of emotions and are equally important for our existence as human beings. Would you call a person who laughs the whole day and is happy about everything hundred percent sane? Rather than spending each moment of our lives until death to just 'live happily ever after', it would be much easier to just learn to accept our emotions and cherish them. You can't just paint your canvas with a single color and call it a modern art!”
“Empathy begins with understanding life from another person’s perspective. Nobody has an objective experience of reality. It’s all through our own individual prisms.”
“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
“End. How could I call it an end when there was no finite point. We were in a place beyond time with endless skies. And well, we fell. Feeling like a flightless bird trying to reach high. Tired, to know how this ended. But we shall start from the beginning. When you saw red after you fell from heaven in a world where people had stopped believing. Mistreated caring. Hungry for power. Flashed with greed. Lost their sense of humanity. The beginning was better than this.”
“End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take.”
“Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.”
“Enemies stab you in the back, true friends jab you in the front.”
“Energy and focus do not come with success and wealth. Success and wealth come from having energy and focus.”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy ”
“Enhancing One’s Story "It is easier to move forward when you’re happy with your story.”
“Enjoy Life with Love, Happiness, Laughter, and smiles; enjoy your journey and travel it well with acceptance in GOD. Remember, It is all those little steps you take with GOD that make your journey complete. So keep the faith in GOD and always walk by that faith.”
“Enjoy every bit of your life to the fullest. Your compromises and sacrifices will be rewarded.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”
“Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.”
“Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realise they were the big things.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Envision yourself to be what you want!”
“Envy, after all, comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had.”
“Espere" in Spanish, is the one word covering two meanings: "waiting" and "hoping". If life, however, offers no expectation or prospect, waiting represents time "wasted”. Waiting needs a future. If not, time is condemned to be "killed". In the event that we are lost in a gap of boredom and despair, we are driven back in a vacuum of senselessness and deadlocked in a point of nothingness. We are, so therefore, bound to watch the agony of "time". ("Waiting for a place behind the geraniums " )”
“Ester asked why people are sad. "That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.”
“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”
“Even After All this time The Sun never says to the Earth, "You owe me." Look What happens With a love like that, It lights the whole sky.”
“Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.”
“Even a snail will eventually reach its destination.”
“Even bad times are temporary.”
“Even chance meetings are the result of karma… Things in life are fated by our previous lives. That even in the smallest events there’s no such thing as coincidence.”
“Even death has a heart.”
“Even death, faced with the option of death or life, she would choose life.”
“Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.”
“Even if life had happened the way you wanted, you would still be disgruntled because it is not what happens that makes you content but how you choose to react.”
“Even if no salvation should come, I want to be worthy of it at every moment.”
“Even if people push you to hate them, do not give in. Take control of your heart and forgive. It is when you forgive that you will experience inner peace.”
“Even if the odds are against you, with God on your side, you can be assured of an extraordinary life.”
“Even if you admire someone else’s life, do not desire it, for you do not know what they have gone through.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“Even if you get rejected in every areas of your life, don't feel dejected. Always have a positive mindset towards life and every other things will fall in place at the right time.”
“Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.”
“Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.”
“Even in the darkest hour of the night, a star can shine. A great leader is like a star that brings forth light.”
“Even in the darkest of times you can make bright memories.”
“Even in the fiercest battles the Butterflies and Bee's still kiss the flowers.”
“Even in this rich-ass neighborhood, I suspect we’re all pretty much fucked.”
“Even in your worst moments, try not to become worse.”
“Even seasonal situations can bring with them lessons that last a lifetime. If the love doesn’t last, it prepares you for the one that will.”
“Even the quiet has a voice”
“Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.”
“Even the strongest, at times, weaken under the weight they carry; and tire from the battles they fight in secret. Alone.”
“Even though human life may be the most precious thing on earth, we always behave as if there were something of higher value than human life.”
“Even though our time in this life is temporary, if we live well enough, our legacy will last forever.”
“Even though you may want to move forward in your life, you may have one foot on the brakes. In order to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain your old pain. The energy it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life. What is it you would let go of today?”
“Even though you were exposed to pain, do not continue exposing yourself to it. Forgive and heal.”
“Even when life becomes very boring, very tiring or even unbearable, never forget: There is no alternative to life; you should definitely look for the solution within the borders of life!”
“Even when people leave. Their mark stays in your life forever.”
“Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.”
“Even when we're forty and all of this feels so very far away. I hope we remember that inside, we will always be the people we are tonight.”
“Eventually life in itself is just a pile of randomly gathered moments and the last one that falls on top of it unhinges the steeple to cause a collapse.”
“Eventually, you must stop running to something or from something and embrace where you are. Otherwise you’ll never embrace anything.”
“Ever drifting down the stream ⎼ Lingering in the golden gleam ⎼ Life, what is it but a dream?”
“Every Human Life Is Predominantly Automated Based On The Movement Of Non-living Things In And Around Us, The Simplified Theory Of Everything”
“Every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn’t be here if stars hadn’t exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution and for life - weren’t created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way for them to get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.”
“Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.”
“Every birth takes time, yet we celebrate it for a moment. But death is just a second and leaves us with a lasting pain that no one can ever be familiar with.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Every chapter of life does not have to be funny; it does not have to be painful either.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action  While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words ”
“Every country, every state, every person has a different standard of beauty. But the only one you have to live up to is your own.”
“Every day and every little step you take forward counts for a better tomorrow. No matter how long it takes, trying becomes self-rewarding for a better life with the development of positive emotions.”
“Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.”
“Every day someone wakes up not knowing it is their last day on earth; nobody promises tomorrow.”
“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you .Do your job well, learn your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”
“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you Do your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) - "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“Every grain of sands has an intricate role to play in this marvelous masterpiece called life. Nothing is random, respect all happenings.”
“Every human act had a power behind it, every power had an authority, and every authority had a purpose-dirty bombs constituted by free will and amended by angelic and demonic influence unto the driving of humanity-it was very much active directing. ~RUIN Katara Aggelos”
“Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.”
“Every last minute of my life has been preordained and I'm sick and tired of it. How this feels is I'm just another task in God's daily planner: the Italian Renaissance penciled in for right after the Dark Ages.   The Information Age is scheduled immediately after the Industrial Revolution. Then the Postmodern Era, then the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Famine. Check. Pestilence. Check. War. Check. Death. Check. And between the big events, the earthquakes and the tidal waves, God's got me squeezed in for a cameo appearance. Then maybe in thirty years, or maybe next year, God's daily planner has me finished.”
“Every leader has an opportunity to make the world a better place by listening to the pleas of the people.”
“Every leader must take responsibility to serve those who put them in power.”
“Every leader will always face opposition. But great leaders cannot be disturbed by the tricks of the opposition. They are always driven to help their followers achieve their goals.”
“Every life deserves to be loved; We are all connected beings, whether that be with each other, animals, or nature. We must recognize that connection and extend our circle of compassion to all living things.”
“Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.”
“Every limiting belief becomes the growth mindset tool by adding just this small word "YET".”
“Every little bit of peace I bring someone is worth the peace I never had.”
“Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.”
“Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world.”
“Every man hangs by a thread, any minute the abyss may open under his feet, and yet he must go and invent for himself all kinds of troubles and spoil his life.”
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”
“Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.”
“Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.”
“Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives you a 1,000 percent Return on Energy!”
“Every mistake is your "Good Teacher" in your life!”
“Every morning brings freshness and new hope; Be like morning”
“Every movement is a blend of fantasy with reality. Emptiness fills when into your world arrives dance.”
“Every negative  Has a positive side ”
“Every new chapter in your life requires you to be a different version of yourself.”
“Every night I used to pray that I’d find my people, and finally I did on the open road. We had nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore, except to make our lives into a work of art.”
“Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That’s part of what it means to be alive.”
“Every ounce of my cynicism is supported by historical precedent.”
“Every person I met has a specific place in my life, for their presence shaped me. I thank those who showed me love and those who have broken my heart because they taught me how precious love is, how everyone deserves to be loved, how hate breaks hearts and how I must never plan to break someone's heart. I'm telling you, every situation has a lesson, but it all depends on how we see things!”
“Every person has the right to live. No one should infringe on that right by cutting life short. Only God should make that call as the only Giver of life.”
“Every person have bow down to someone in life..”
“Every person you love can't be a part of your forever.”
“Every relationship that has hit a crossroads has asked, “What is it that you want from me?”
“Every seed has a story, but only the ones that make it from the ground get to tell theirs.”
“Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.”
“Every single part of your life can be changed by a shift in perception.”
“Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise.”
“Every spine holds a backbone, But peer pressure turns it into jello. Every body holds a conscientious being, But society conditions it to be callow.”
“Every step I took away from you took me closer to my better version.”
“Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!”
“Every story has a different genre, Just like sky changes it's colour.”
“Every student must choose one of two pains; the pain of self-discipline or the pain of regret of neglected opportunities.”
“Every thought is only a hindrance by the mind from realizing the self and being left only with intelligence that has no emotion anymore.”
“Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”
“Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.”
“Every time you see someone's bright-and-shiny, remember: They have their own crappy truths too. Of course they do. And every time you see your own crappy truth and feel despair and think, 'Is this my life?', remember: It's not. Everyone's got a bright-and-shiny, even if it's hard to find sometimes.”
“Every widow wakes one morning, perhaps after years of pure and unwavering grieving, to realize she slept a good night's sleep, and will be able to eat breakfast, and doesn't hear her husband's ghost all the time, but only some of the time. Her grief is replaced with a useful sadness. Every parent who loses a child finds a way to laugh again. The timbre begins to fade. The edge dulls. The hurt lessens. Every love is carved from loss. Mine was. Yours is. Your great-great-great-grandchildren's will be. But we learn to live in that love.”
“Every wish is an unfulfilled desire.”
“Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change.”
“Everybody comes of age, Very few come alive.”
“Everybody has a ‘gripping stranger’ in their lives, Andy, a stranger who unwittingly possesses a bizarre hold over you. Maybe it’s the kid in cut-offs who mows your lawn or the woman wearing White Shoulders who stamps your book at the library—a stranger who, if you were to come home and find a message from them on your answering machine saying ‘Drop everything. I love you. Come away with me now to Florida,’ you’d follow them.”
“Everybody has their style and way of seeing things, but dance is that home where all unite as one humanity.”
“Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”
“Everybody know death is inevitably coming, but it never fails to catch everybody by surprise everytime one is going”
“Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.”
“Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.”
“Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year”
“Everyone and Everything you love becomes a part of who you are. You just never realize how much until they are gone.”
“Everyone deserves respect, kindness and love, but happiness well, that's entirely up to you.”
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”
“Everyone feels empty at some point, but we can fill the emptiness in our life. We can always fill up our empty life.”
“Everyone gets an ending. Whether or not it's happy is up to them.”
“Everyone gets things wrong. To make progress, we have to acknowledge our mistakes, learn, and march forward to build a more humane world.”
“Everyone grows but not everyone becomes mature.”
“Everyone has a past, but that's just it--it's in the past. You can learn from it, but you can't change it.”
“Everyone has a version of what happened. Each of them is true. None of them is complete.”
“Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.”
“Everyone in this world is breathing borrowed air.”
“Everyone is fighting battles and demons we know nothing about; and everyone has a breaking point. Be Kind.”
“Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.”
“Everyone is not selfish. Some beautiful people genuinely want to see you happy.”
“Everyone just keeps demanding what they want from us until we learn to resist and do what we want.”
“Everyone makes mistake.. Type of mistake gives the perspective of Seriousness.”
“Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should live their lives, but none about their own.”
“Everyone thinks "ordinary" is easy and all, but how many of them would actually fit into the so-called smooth road the word implied? It sure was a lot harder for me, someone who was not born ordinary. That didn't mean I was extraordinary. I was just a strange boy wandering around somewhere in between. So I decided to give it a try. To become ordinary.”
“Everyone thinks that courage is about facing death without flinching. But almost anyone can do that. Almost anyone can hold their breath and not scream for as long as it takes to die. True courage is about facing life without flinching. I don't mean the times when the right path is hard, but glorious at the end. I'm talking about enduring the boredom, the messiness, and the inconvenience of doing what is right.”
“Everyone wanted to believe that endless love was possible. She'd believed in it once too, back when she was eighteen. But she knew that love was messy, just like life. It took turns that people couldn't foresee or even understand, leaving a long trail of regret in its wake. And almost always, those regrets led to the kinds of what if questions that could never be answered.”
“Everyone wants to live life, but first you have to understand life and then live it! Those who live life without understanding life have lived in vain!”
“Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently. Some people say there are true things to be found, some people say all kinds of things can be proved. I don't believe them. The only thing for certain is how complicated it all is, like string full of knots. It's all there but hard to find the beginning and impossible to fathom the end. The best you can do is admire the cat's cradle, and maybe knot it up a bit more.”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.”
“Everything dies - except for love”
“Everything has boundaries. The same holds true with thought. You shouldn't fear boundaries, but you should not be afraid of destroying them. That's what is most important if you want to be free: respect for and exasperation with boundaries.”
“Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content”
“Everything in the existing world seemed strange to him; it was as if the world had been created for some brief, mocking game. But this game of make-believe had dragged on for a long time,for eternity, and nobody felt like laughing anymore.”
“Everything in this world is mutually exclusive and everything has its natural enemies, so even if you are a ghost, you should still be cautious; it is better not to be too arrogant.”
“Everything is created twice. Once in your mind, then in your life!”
“Everything is funnier in retrospect, funnier and prettier and cooler. You can laugh at anything from far enough away.”
“Everything is hard, but your dreams are not impossible. If you have seen it with your mind’s eye, it is indeed quite achievable.”
“Everything is in flux and you know the reason why. This noisy world wouldn’t let us live within us even for a while. We just push on, no matter the cost.”
“Everything is precious in this world before you get it & after you lose it”
“Everything looks impossible initially, and then everything eases out gradually. Beginning is the key.”
“Everything seems impossible until it has happened.”
“Everything seems simpler from a distance.”
“Everything that happens before Death is what counts.”
“Everything that seems imperishable tends to extinguishment.”
“Everything will be alright in the end so if it is not alright it is not the end.”
“Everything you can imagine is real.”
“Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear.”
“Everything you want in life is a relationship away.”
“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”
“Evil wants to rob the world of truth and light. When tragedy strikes evil swoops in to cause chaos and darkness. We are not guaranteed a life void of pain, but we are offered a future filled with promise and hope in His name.”
“Exactly!" said Deep Thought. "So once you do know what the question actually is, you'll know what the answer means.”
“Excellence/Perfection is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.”
“Excellent leaders are always mindful that they represent the masses and not themselves.”
“Excellent leaders do not forget that excellence is part of the leadership process.”
“Except birth, the rest of our life is a deadly affair.”
“Exceptional leaders do exceptional things, even when they are not expected to do so.”
“Excuse me for asking, sir, but are we expecting trouble?" "Always, Captain," Tarkin said, without levity.”
“Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.”
“Experience is a harsh teacher but its lessons get tattooed into scars under our skin. Adversity is a master at disguises.”
“Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, and scarce in that.”
“Experience the journey across countless worlds when the role of breath is taken by dancing steps.”
“Explain your actions to only those who don’t question your intentions.”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“Explore, but know your limits.”
“Expressing gratitude: We pray and express our gratitude to deities for keeping us alive and healthy as our body is a gift of god. This is our way of building an attitude of gratitude. - Sandhya Jane”
“Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again”
“Extraordinary leaders put more effort into what they do and do their work with excellence. They are always cautious about their actions.”
“Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!”
“Eyes carry a lot of emotions.”
“FAILURE ALWAYS STANDS IN OUR WAY, BUT WE HAVE TO MOVE FORWARD WITHOUT ANY FEAR; THAT'S THE WAY SUCCESS COMES”
“Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken.”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“Failure is a part of life. Success teaches you nothing, but failure teaches you resilience. It teaches you to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Failure to shed tears is a failure to live life fully. And the one thing that life requires of us all is to live it. Never be embarrassed by your ability to be alive.”
“Failure understands everything that success doesn’t even recognize.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Faith is a Spiritual act of applying an ancient process to solve contemporary problems.”
“Faith is a belief that the impossible can be made possible by the God of all possibilities.”
“Faith is a counter effect of fear, doubt and worry. It removes everything that hinders you from achieving great things.”
“Faith is a decision not to focus on your scars but on the finished works of the Messiah.”
“Faith is a decision to engage in warfare without any spear, only with the armour of God in your hand.”
“Faith is a decision to put aside what you think you know and pay attention to the God who knows what you do not know.”
“Faith is a fierce determination to accept in your heart that a great God exists, even if you have not seen Him with your eyes.”
“Faith is a gauge that measures how much you trust God. It is also a pump that fuels you to trust Him more.”
“Faith is a gauge that measures how much you trust God. It is also a pump that fuels you up to trust Him more.”
“Faith is a litmus test for your relationship with God. It checks the condition of your heart and mind. Faith reflects how well you know, love and honour your Maker.”
“Faith is a litmus test of your relationship with God. It checks the condition of your heart and mind. Faith reflects how well, you know, love and honour your Maker.”
“Faith is a loose translation of "God has done it before. I know He can do it again.”
“Faith is a personal decision to encounter the power of God in your life.”
“Faith is a preference not to wallow in pain but to find strength in a God so great.”
“Faith is a process whereby you hold on to God’s promises because you know that He will fulfil them.”
“Faith is a prudent decision to denounce a life of bondage and consent to a life of breakthroughs.”
“Faith is a prudent investment in your spiritual, emotional and physical well-being by following God’s will.”
“Faith is a route taken to trust God’s process, even if you may not fully understand His plan.”
“Faith is a stance you take as you say, "I will trust God for my miracles, even in the face of obstacles.”
“Faith is a symbol of recognition of God’s protection over your life.”
“Faith is a unique weapon that helps you fight even the toughest battles in peace.”
“Faith is about letting God help you resist the enemy, set you free from captivity and keep you safe in the midst of adversity.”
“Faith is about recognizing that your life is in God’s hands and that in His hands there is greatness.”
“Faith is allowing yourself to see the invisible hand of God, changing the impossible into the possible.”
“Faith is an inclination to look at the storm and still look up to God, knowing that He has the authority to calm the storm.”
“Faith is being able to say, "Lord, with my canal eye, I do not see you, but with my heart, I believe in you.”
“Faith is reverence for God as the only Author of Life.”
“Faith is why I'm here today and faith is why I made it through.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Fall a thousand times but never let your courage fall even once.”
“Fall in love with the energy of the mornings trace your fingers along the lull of the afternoons take the spirit of the evenings in your arms kiss it deeply and then make love to the tranquility of the nights.”
“False friends can be bought, but true friendship is priceless.”
“False hope is worse than no hope.”
“False pride can make you believe that you are always right, even if you are always wrong. But it's just a belief.”
“Fame is a dangerous addictive drug . People lose their character, morals, principles, mind , manners, sanity just to have it.”
“Fame you'll be famous, as famous as can be, with everyone watching you win on TV, Except when they don't because sometimes they won't..”
“Family should feel like home, not hell.”
“Fashion is always an instant language  easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“Fate is an elevator if you click on the luck button, it will rise up to and unless you work hard with passion”
“Fate loves the fearless.”
“Fear doesn't destroy you. It makes you slave”
“Fear is like the sea. If we let ourselves sink in it, we will drown. No one knows how long they have or the hardships to come. All we can do is spend our days treasuring each moment.”
“Fear is the ego's alarm clock.”
“Fear nothing but your conscience.”
“Fear of being alone forces people to stay with an unfaithful partner.”
“Fear puts success at risk. Risk is an Island of achievement.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“Fear's useless. Either something bad happens or it doesn't: If it doesn't, you've wasted time being afraid, and if it does, you've wasted time that you could have spent sharpening your weapons.”
“Fear? What has a man to do with fear? Chance rules our lives, and the future is all unknown. Best live as we may, from day to day.”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself…”
“Fearlessness is the greatest form of freedom.”
“Fedin laughed outright, a grim, calculating gesture as hard and unfeeling as cold steel. “Twenty million Russians have been slaughtered by the Fascists in the last six years .. Always remember this, Squadron Leader. It was our war, our victory and now it is our Berlin. We tolerate your presence in this city… if that.”
“Feed a child's curious mind with knowledge and wisdom. Thereon the result will be based on their own choice.”
“Feel the Vibe ?”
“Feeling lonely even after being in a relationship is a sign that everything is not going well in the relationship.”
“Feeling lost, crazy and desperate belongs to a good life as much as optimism, certainty and reason.”
“Few of us ever live in the present. We are forever anticipating what is to come or remembering what has gone.”
“Fictional characters also evolve, the way human being do in real life.”
“Fights begin and end with handshakes.”
“Figure out how you wanna die, life will take care of itself.”
“Fill your own cup with happiness, Pour a little in others as well, And say cheers to life!”
“Finally (Evangeline) whispered, "I wish that I had been more prepared." "We prepare all of our lives for such moments," Dr. Raphael said, crossing his arms and looking at me with a critical gaze. "When the time comes, we can only expect that we have learned enough to succeed.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“Find a reason to forgive for the sake of your inner peace.”
“Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.”
“Find fault with thyself rather than with others.”
“Find someone who has a life that you want and figure out how they got it. Read books, pick your role models wisely. Find out what they did and do it.”
“Find the lessons in the stressing’, the miracles in the mundane, the blessings in what is given, and acceptance in what is taken away.”
“Find your daily joy!”
“Find yourself in the right spaces, go places and make the necessary changes. Life is not only about where you have been. It is also about places you should see and people you should meet.”
“Finding God in our joy is much harder than finding Him in our pain.”
“Finding joy in the mundanity of daily life takes practice. ”
“Finding loyalty in love has become difficult, Love itself has lost its true essence.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“Finding the light when surrounded by dark; praying for hope when all seems lost; what is it that ignites the blaze of miracles but the spark of dance.”
“Finding the right work is like discovering your own soul in the world.”
“Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”
“First find out what you are capable of, then decide who you are.”
“First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered  . Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not. Consider none your superior whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly, or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen.”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“Five "F's"ways to win any circumstances : Fail, Fear, Forget, Fail again and then Fight”
“Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.”
“Fleet kept running,” Kaladin growled, getting back under Elhokar’s arm. “What?” “He couldn't win, but he kept running. And when the storm caught him, it didn't matter that he’d died, because he’d run for all he had.” “Sure. All right.” The king sounded groggy, though Kaladin couldn't tell if it was the alcohol or the blood loss. “We all die in the end, you see,” Kaladin said. “So I guess what truly matters is just how well you've run. And Elhokar, you've kept running since your father was killed, even if you screw up all the storming time.” “Thank you?” the king said, drowsy.”
“Flow, I must remind you here is a being-systemic process. Depression is a being-systemic deregulation that affects the neurophysiological.”
“Flowers grew in my comfort zone, but the world waited outside of it.”
“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”
“Focus on building character, not on building a false image.”
“Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow…”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“Focusing on positivity alone doesn't leave much room for the full range of emotions that enrich the human experience (and make having a connection with others possible).”
“Folded the eyes: inner a vision divine, a glistening dream, the dark increased the light, to not let me stay closed, I opened the eyes: near the dream comes true.”
“Follow the latest trend and you too will be a follower. That will onl make you invisible. If you want to be different, then stand out from the rest. True strength comes from being unique.”
“Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“Follow your heart. You may go astray but your life will find its direction somehow.”
“Footsteps find a reason to exist as they imitate the winds, moving with the intensity of a hurricane when arrives the blessing of dance.”
“For I am—or I was—one of those people who pride themselves in on their willpower, on their ability to make a decision and carry it through. This virtue, like most virtues, is ambiguity itself. People who believe that they are strong-willed and the masters of their destiny can only continue to believe this by becoming specialists in self-deception. Their decisions are not really decisions at all—a real decision makes one humble, one knows that it is at the mercy of more things than can be named—but elaborate systems of evasion, of illusion, designed to make themselves and the world appear to be what they and the world are not. This is certainly what my decision, made so long ago in Joey’s bed, came to. I had decided to allow no room in the universe for something which shamed and frightened me. I succeeded very well—by not looking at the universe, by not looking at myself, by remaining, in effect, in constant motion.”
“For I have known them all already, known them all— Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons, I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.”
“For Jenn At 12 years old I started bleeding with the moon and beating up boys who dreamed of becoming astronauts. I fought with my knuckles white as stars, and left bruises the shape of Salem. There are things we know by heart, and things we don't. At 13 my friend Jen tried to teach me how to blow rings of smoke. I'd watch the nicotine rising from her lips like halos, but I could never make dying beautiful. The sky didn't fill with colors the night I convinced myself veins are kite strings you can only cut free. I suppose I love this life, in spite of my clenched fist. I open my palm and my lifelines look like branches from an Aspen tree, and there are songbirds perched on the tips of my fingers, and I wonder if Beethoven held his breath the first time his fingers touched the keys the same way a soldier holds his breath the first time his finger clicks the trigger. We all have different reasons for forgetting to breathe. But my lungs remember the day my mother took my hand and placed it on her belly and told me the symphony beneath was my baby sister's heartbeat. And I knew life would tremble like the first tear on a prison guard's hardened cheek, like a prayer on a dying man's lips, like a vet holding a full bottle of whisky like an empty gun in a war zone… just take me just take me Sometimes the scales themselves weigh far too much, the heaviness of forever balancing blue sky with red blood. We were all born on days when too many people died in terrible ways, but you still have to call it a birthday. You still have to fall for the prettiest girl on the playground at recess and hope she knows you can hit a baseball further than any boy in the whole third grade and I've been running for home through the windpipe of a man who sings while his hands playing washboard with a spoon on a street corner in New Orleans where every boarded up window is still painted with the words We're Coming Back like a promise to the ocean that we will always keep moving towards the music, the way Basquait slept in a cardboard box to be closer to the rain. Beauty, catch me on your tongue. Thunder, clap us open. The pupils in our eyes were not born to hide beneath their desks. Tonight lay us down to rest in the Arizona desert, then wake us washing the feet of pregnant women who climbed across the border with their bellies aimed towards the sun. I know a thousand things louder than a soldier's gun. I know the heartbeat of his mother. Don't cover your ears, Love. Don't cover your ears, Life. There is a boy writing poems in Central Park and as he writes he moves and his bones become the bars of Mandela's jail cell stretching apart, and there are men playing chess in the December cold who can't tell if the breath rising from the board is their opponents or their own, and there's a woman on the stairwell of the subway swearing she can hear Niagara Falls from her rooftop in Brooklyn, and I'm remembering how Niagara Falls is a city overrun with strip malls and traffic and vendors and one incredibly brave river that makes it all worth it. Ya'll, I know this world is far from perfect. I am not the type to mistake a streetlight for the moon. I know our wounds are deep as the Atlantic. But every ocean has a shoreline and every shoreline has a tide that is constantly returning to wake the songbirds in our hands, to wake the music in our bones, to place one fearless kiss on the mouth of that brave river that has to run through the center of our hearts to find its way home.”
“For Peace  We need to build flower gardens not weapon factories”
“For a complicated person, the simple life is full of complications.”
“For a day, just for one day, Talk about that which disturbs no one And bring some peace into your Beautiful eyes.”
“For a moment everything was clear, and when that happens you see that the world is barely there at all. Don't we all secretly know this? It's a perfectly balanced mechanism of shouts and echoes pretending to be wheels and cogs, a dreamclock chiming beneath a mystery-glass we call life. Behind it? Below it and around it? Chaos, storms. Men with hammers, men with knives, men with guns. Women who twist what they cannot dominate and belittle what they cannot understand. A universe of horror and loss surrounding a single lighted stage where mortals dance in defiance of the dark.”
“For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after.”
“For any country to be successful, the leader needs to work on collective success rather than self-enrichment.”
“For anyone who wishes to see something in real time, alive, that is completely unique and mysterious. Something that can not and will never be duplicated or completely understood nor defined, look in a mirror.”
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.”
“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”
“For it is up to you and me to take solace in nostalgia's arms and our ability to create the everlasting from fleeting moments.”
“For limited minds, it seems like we only live once. But who knows what the future holds after the so-called death?”
“For many have but one resource to sustain them in their misery, and that is to think, “Circumstances have been against me, I was worthy to be something much better than I have been. I admit I have never had a great love or a great friendship; but that is because I never met a man or a woman who were worthy of it; if I have not written any very good books, it is because I had not the leisure to do so; or, if I have had no children to whom I could devote myself it is because I did not find the man I could have lived with. So there remains within me a wide range of abilities, inclinations and potentialities, unused but perfectly viable, which endow me with a worthiness that could never be inferred from the mere history of my actions.” But in reality and for the existentialist, there is no love apart from the deeds of love; no potentiality of love other than that which is manifested in loving; there is no genius other than that which is expressed in works of art.”
“For me, life is too short, or too long, to allow myself the luxury of living it badly.”
“For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers. I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves. And even more I revere them when they stand alone. They are like lonely persons. Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche. In their highest boughs the world rustles, their roots rest in infinity; but they do not lose themselves there, they struggle with all the force of their lives for one thing only: to fulfil themselves according to their own laws, to build up their own form, to represent themselves. Nothing is holier, nothing is more exemplary than a beautiful, strong tree. When a tree is cut down and reveals its naked death-wound to the sun, one can read its whole history in the luminous, inscribed disk of its trunk: in the rings of its years, its scars, all the struggle, all the suffering, all the sickness, all the happiness and prosperity stand truly written, the narrow years and the luxurious years, the attacks withstood, the storms endured. And every young farmboy knows that the hardest and noblest wood has the narrowest rings, that high on the mountains and in continuing danger the most indestructible, the strongest, the ideal trees grow. Trees are sanctuaries. Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth. They do not preach learning and precepts, they preach, undeterred by particulars, the ancient law of life. A tree says: A kernel is hidden in me, a spark, a thought, I am life from eternal life. The attempt and the risk that the eternal mother took with me is unique, unique the form and veins of my skin, unique the smallest play of leaves in my branches and the smallest scar on my bark. I was made to form and reveal the eternal in my smallest special detail. A tree says: My strength is trust. I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me. I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else. I trust that God is in me. I trust that my labor is holy. Out of this trust I live. When we are stricken and cannot bear our lives any longer, then a tree has something to say to us: Be still! Be still! Look at me! Life is not easy, life is not difficult. Those are childish thoughts. Let God speak within you, and your thoughts will grow silent. You are anxious because your path leads away from mother and home. But every step and every day lead you back again to the mother. Home is neither here nor there. Home is within you, or home is nowhere at all. A longing to wander tears my heart when I hear trees rustling in the wind at evening. If one listens to them silently for a long time, this longing reveals its kernel, its meaning. It is not so much a matter of escaping from one's suffering, though it may seem to be so. It is a longing for home, for a memory of the mother, for new metaphors for life. It leads home. Every path leads homeward, every step is birth, every step is death, every grave is mother. So the tree rustles in the evening, when we stand uneasy before our own childish thoughts: Trees have long thoughts, long-breathing and restful, just as they have longer lives than ours. They are wiser than we are, as long as we do not listen to them. But when we have learned how to listen to trees, then the brevity and the quickness and the childlike hastiness of our thoughts achieve an incomparable joy. Whoever has learned how to listen to trees no longer wants to be a tree. He wants to be nothing except what he is. That is home. That is happiness.”
“For me, you walked to edge of death, but chose to live," he said. "You refused to stay in a sad dream, even for a promise of love. When you saved yourself, you saved me.”
“For one day there will be nothing left, yet we will have something. -me- I tried to wait for my life to begin. Something has to happen. Like an amazing boy. I know he's out there. I just have to find him.”
“For some people the only source of joy is seeing you fail.”
“For some, life may be a playground to undermine the brainwaves of others or simply a vainglorious game with an armory of theatrics, illustrating only bleak self-deception, haughty narcissism and dim deficiency in empathy. ("Another empty room")”
“For someone like myself in whom the ability to trust others is so cracked and broken that I am wretchedly timid and am forever trying to read the expression on people's faces.”
“For the actor, everything seems real; whether it is in acting or by carrying out his daily tasks.”
“For the death of others is it’s life.”
“For the dog, colour doesn't matter, reputation doesn't matter, wealth doesn't matter. Dogs see us all as equals. They live in the present and in a world of emotion. They know if you are true and trustworthy, and what they care about most if the love you have in your heart and the kindness you show them.”
“For the dog, colour doesn't matter, reputation doesn't matter, wealth doesn't matter. Dogs see us all as equals. They live in the present in a world of emotion. They know if you are true and trustworthy, and what they care about most is the love you have in your heart and the kindness you show them.”
“For the first time in a long time, I want more than I have.”
“For the most part, we are the determinate factor for the consequences of our life. The belief others should add importance and statute to our life is infantile and a sign of weakness. The strong create meaning and purpose for themselves.”
“For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.”
“For those who believe, no proof is necessary. For those who don't believe, no proof is possible.”
“For those who follow Jesus, the name of Jesus is alien to the man himself. Therefore, the location is not identified.”
“For three to one" Kids believe in magic. Adults waiting for hope. Olds appreciate the blessing. -Aron Micko H.B”
“For to be a next event. It depends on this current event success.”
“For truth is always strange; stranger than fiction.”
“For we've all carried too much - maybe that's why, when we lay down something, it feels like everything is leaving, and yet - too much remains.”
“For what it's worth, I think happiness is a fleeting condition, not a permanent state of goddamn mind. I've learned that if you chase after moments of bliss here and there, sometimes those moments will sustain you through the shit.”
“For, let me tell you that the more the pleasures of the body fade away, the greater to me are the pleasure and charm of conversation.”
“Forget about the person who hurt you. Remember why you need to forgive.”
“Forget about understanding others. There are times when we don't even understand ourselves.”
“Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.”
“Forget the troubles of the world and savor life's pleasures.”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“Forget your voice, sing! Forget your feet, dance! Forget your life, live! Forget yourself and be!”
“Forgetting the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“Forgive and let go of any pain caused by others. Fill your heart with love and live a fulfilling life.”
“Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson.”
“Forgive even those who do not feel sorry for their actions. You are not doing it for them but for yourself.”
“Forgive even those who hate to see you happy. Show them how free and happy you are.”
“Forgive so that you can be at peace and be set free.”
“Forgive so you can forget the past and move forward.”
“Forgive them so you can forget what they put you through.”
“Forgive those who deserve it, not just those your heart desires.”
“Forgive those who have hurt you and don't let them bring you down any longer. Think about all of the good things you have in your life right now and focus on them instead.”
“Forgive those who wronged you, but do not forget the lessons they taught you.”
“Forgive yourself and others because that is the only way to forget what hurt you and focus on what can help you.”
“Forgive yourself and others, because that is the only way to forget what hurt you and focus on what can help you.”
“Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.”
“Forgive yourself even if you feel you do not deserve it. Remember that if you do not forgive yourself, no one will do it for you.”
“Forgive yourself for not realizing beforehand that you are part of God's plan on Earth. Now that you know, go out there and make things happen. You have the backing of the Heavens!”
“Forgive yourself for not realizing beforehand that you are part of God's plan on Earth. Now that you know, go out there and make things happen. You have the backing of the Heavens.”
“Forgive yourself, even if you feel you do not deserve it. Remember that if you do not forgive yourself, no one will do it for you.”
“Forgive yourself. God has not only forgiven your sins, He has also forgotten about them. So, do not condemn yourself.”
“Forgive yourself. You are not flawless and will sometimes fail, but you are not a failure. Yet, failing to forgive yourself can make you feel like a failure.”
“Forgive, even if it is hard. It will give you better rewards.”
“Forgive, even if it makes you seem foolish. Forgiveness opens doors to countless blessings and endless peace. Do it with the understanding that God will reward you with great things.”
“Forgive, even when it is hard. The more you learn to forgive, the easier it will always be.”
“Forgiveness begins when you realize that you cannot account for someone else’s wrong decisions, choices and actions.”
“Forgiveness can mess up the enemy's plans. Remember that the enemy’s plan is to entrap you in bitterness. When you choose forgiveness, you break free and walk towards the betterment of yourself.”
“Forgiveness can open doors that were closed by grudges.”
“Forgiveness does not depend on the offence. It depends on the extent to which the offended is willing to forgive the offender.”
“Forgiveness does not happen overnight. It takes time. When you take the time to forgive others, you will eventually see the light.”
“Forgiveness does not invalidate the pain. It only validates your need for peace. Forgive and enjoy a life of peace.”
“Forgiveness does not mean you embrace foolishness. It is a means to prevent any bitterness from taking up space in your life.”
“Forgiveness does not mean you subscribe to foolishness. It simply means you aspire to live a life of freedom and peacefulness.”
“Forgiveness frees you from the chains of grudges. When you choose to forgive, you have chosen freedom indeed.”
“Forgiveness happens when those who know they have been forgiven by God can easily forgive others.”
“Forgiveness happens when you allow your heart to not hold on too long to the wrongs that happened in the past.”
“Forgiveness happens when you choose to be obedient to the needs of your heart while you become disobedient to the negative instructions of your mind.”
“Forgiveness has nothing to do with the person who hurt you. It has everything to do with your peace of mind.”
“Forgiveness is a bold step taken by those who seek to free themselves from the prison of the soul.”
“Forgiveness is a chance given to the offended to find peace after an offence has been committed against them.”
“Forgiveness is a conscious choice to recognize that you deserve to be set free.”
“Forgiveness is a critical attribute expected of anyone who calls themselves a child of God.”
“Forgiveness is a daily task. It is refusing to go to bed every day with a grudge.”
“Forgiveness is a decision taken with humility by the offended to stop the offence from causing more harm.”
“Forgiveness is a non-invasive procedure to heal your heart.”
“Forgiveness is a non-scientific and non-invasive therapy used to numb the pain one has been through.”
“Forgiveness is a step taken to access breakthroughs with ease. He who forgives benefits from that deed.”
“Forgiveness is a step towards improving one’s life, despite what happened in the past.”
“Forgiveness is about allowing those who hurt you to handle the mess all by themselves, without you holding on to that mess.”
“Forgiveness is about letting go of everything that is not good for your heart.”
“Forgiveness is about looking at the one who oppressed you and letting them know you are taking back your power.”
“Forgiveness is about looking at the person who is unworthy of any pardon and taking away what they tried to take from you—your peace of mind.”
“Forgiveness is about realizing that a human can err and still do better, even after doing the worst.”
“Forgiveness is about realizing that you are human and capable of causing harm to others. Hence, you forgive because you need to be forgiven too.”
“Forgiveness is about rebuilding a better relationship between your mind, body and soul.”
“Forgiveness is about revealing the love, compassion and power of God within.”
“Forgiveness is about saying, "Okay, I saw what happened; I know what happened, but I do not want what happened to determine what happens to my happiness.”
“Forgiveness is about stopping the enemy from keeping you in the prison called hatred.”
“Forgiveness is about telling the enemy straight in the face, "You cannot have my peace.”
“Forgiveness is an arduous process, but if properly done, it produces the best results.”
“Forgiveness is an emotional band-aid for a bleeding heart.”
“Forgiveness is an extension of grace to someone who does not even deserve that grace.”
“Forgiveness is done by those who do not want their future sabotaged by their past.”
“Forgiveness is easy when you are not ready to carry other people’s burdens on your shoulders.”
“Forgiveness is good for your spiritual, mental and general health. Learn to forgive and improve your wellbeing.”
“Forgiveness is key in the Kingdom of God.”
“Forgiveness is letting go of any bitterness and pain caused by someone, whether or not they apologise for it.”
“Forgiveness is letting go of anything that negatively affects many things in your life.”
“Forgiveness is like a sweet aroma. Once you accept it in your heart, it brings calm to your life.”
“Forgiveness is like being stabbed with a knife and deciding to remove it so you can tend to the wound and stop it from festering.”
“Forgiveness is like cutting down the roots of evil. When you forgive, you will feel free.”
“Forgiveness is like hunting for treasure. You will not find it until you search the right place.”
“Forgiveness is like taking a bath. You feel refreshed afterwards. When you forgive someone, you cleanse your heart and revitalize your soul.”
“Forgiveness is like walking out of prison. As you forgive, you free yourself from being a mental prisoner.”
“Forgiveness is looking into the mirror and reminding yourself that you also deserve peace.”
“Forgiveness is looking the offender in the eyes and declaring yourself the ultimate overcomer.”
“Forgiveness is not a means to discredit the legitimacy of your pain. It is a means of crediting you for what you are worth. You are worth more. Hence, forgive more instead of settling any score. When you forgive more, you will live a peaceful life and that is how you win more and more.”
“Forgiveness is not an easy task, but it is worth giving it a try.”
“Forgiveness is not easy, but when you forgive, you will become fulfilled.”
“Forgiveness is not lip service. It is a constant effort to provide good service to your heart by getting rid of toxins caused by grudges.”
“Forgiveness is obedience to the Word of God.”
“Forgiveness is possible when you understand that everything happens for a reason. Even though some of those reasons may not be justifiable, when you choose to forgive, you usher yourself into a new season.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to dance to the tune of the enemy. It is fine-tuning your heart with the will of God in order to live in peace.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to let a person who is not sorry for their wrongs take away your inner peace.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to walk around like you are fine while bitterness is eating you up.”
“Forgiveness is taking your inner peace very seriously, to a point where you are ready to let go of what steals your peace.”
“Forgiveness is that special gift you give yourself even after the worst has happened.”
“Forgiveness is the ability to accept what happened and be strong enough to move on.”
“Forgiveness is the ability to let go of the hurt caused to you and let peace fill your heart.”
“Forgiveness is the best way to disempower the enemy.”
“Forgiveness is the bravery you depict to avoid the slavery of hatred.”
“Forgiveness is the cleaning process you go through to eliminate bitterness from your heart.”
“Forgiveness is the key to unlocking the door of happiness that was once locked by the one who offended you.”
“Forgiveness is the power to eliminate any fear that comes with the painful past.”
“Forgiveness is the refusal to be controlled by the offence, but by the Spirit of God.”
“Forgiveness is the willingness to free yourself from the person who wronged you.”
“Forgiveness is the willingness to let go of the unforgivable things and focus on your healing.”
“Forgiveness is training your mind not to think about people who do not belong in your heart.”
“Forgiveness is what every child of God needs to learn because, by being a child of God, you have been forgiven so you can forgive others.”
“Forgiveness is when you give yourself the power to be freed from the trap of unforgiveness.”
“Forgiveness is when you refuse to allow your past to be a constant reminder of the pain you once endured.”
“Forgiveness is when you refuse to hand over your happiness to the enemy.”
“Forgiveness is winning a mental battle that keeps taking away what would make you feel better.”
“Forgiveness isn't about who is right and wrong. It's about who we are willing to forgive and who we are not willing to forgive.”
“Forgiveness makes you feel good, makes you great and helps you stay gorgeous.”
“Forgiveness may not come easily, but it makes life easy.”
“Forgiveness removes all the ugliness of unforgiveness you’re your heart.”
“Forgiveness requires a willing heart and a determined mind to let go of what happened in the past.”
“Forgiveness requires strength because sometimes the people you forgive may repeat the same offence and you should be ready to forgive regardless!”
“Forgiveness rids you of the pain and powerlessness caused by the offender and the offence.”
“Forgiveness should be an everyday exercise. You need to forgive yourself for what you did to others and forgive others for what they did to you.”
“Forgiveness will ease your mind from tension and your heart from trauma.”
“Forgiveness will enable you to keep your mind busy with the things you should be busy with.”
“Forgiveness will enable you to release anything that is hindering you from accessing your blessings.”
“Forgiveness will give you a peaceful mind and a joyful heart.”
“Forgiveness will help you focus not on other people’s mistakes but on your own. When you forgive, you will find the right things to focus on—things that have merit.”
“Forgiveness will help you realise that everything that happens in each season, is for a reason.”
“Forgiveness will make you feel better. Be courageous and forgive!”
“Forgiveness will never happen until you decide to make it happen.”
“Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.”
“Forgiving somebody who is not contrite is removing the root of bitterness before the poison sets in. ”
“Forgiving someone too many times is not bravery.”
“Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.”
“Fortune crowns the bold before the worthy”
“Free your heart, save your soul and protect yourself. Forgive!”
“Free yourself from any hurt. Forgive and never look back!”
“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”
“Freedom emanates light and illuminates our life.”
“Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility.”
“Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue).”
“Friends can be the best place for support. They can also be insightful and delightful to you.”
“Friends can be the family you never had.”
“Friendship is not supposed to hurt.”
“Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.”
“Friendship should be fair. It becomes charity if you’re always the giver and the other person the receiver …and without reciprocation.”
“From my low perch, I watch the world as it passes by on these dirty side streets. There are no westerners in this corner of the city. Just locals going about their business. Weighing out brightly colored spices, walking back from the fish market, stopping at the paan shop, socializing over tea. Old men in lungis and flip-flops walking hand in hand and dirty-faced children who are all bright smiles and wild eyes. I am comfortable here. Sitting on this board, in this tiny chai stall, hidden away from the recognizable world. For the moment, I have disappeared.”
“From the most insignificant of actions can come the most serious of consequences.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.”
“From too much love of living From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever; That dead men rise up never; That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea. Then star nor sun shall waken, Nor any change of light: Nor sound of waters shaken, Nor any sound or sight: Nor wintry leaves nor vernal, Nor days nor things diurnal; Only the sleep eternal In an eternal night.”
“From young age to adulthood, love is all about seeking interest in your partner. Pure love only comes in old age, when all the fire of youth is extinguished.”
“Frustration and Love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.”
“Fuck it  That's really the attitude that keeps a family together, it's not "we love each other", it's just "fuck it, man.”
“Full many a gem of purest ray serene, The dark unfathom'd caves of ocean bear: Full many a flower is born to blush unseen, And waste its sweetness on the desert air.”
“GOD will always favor your intervention for the love & care of another beautiful soul.”
“GOD will always favor your intervention for the love & care of another.”
“Gamble everything for love, if you're a true human being.”
“Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.”
“Genuinely love & give love to people  It is the highest form of honoring the Creator.”
“Get Off The Scale! You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance. Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life. It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!”
“Get away from these two types of people: the ones who think you can only go as far as the situation you were born into; and the ones who think you can only go as far as the current situation you are in.”
“Get busy living or get busy dying.”
“Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!”
“Get comfortable with greatness, you have not seen anything yet. The best is yet to come”
“Get everyone on your side, and you'll be the king.”
“Get this in mind early: We never grow up.”
“Get used to it. Life doesn't give, it takes. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.”
“Getting paid before you get paid is not a good financial policy.”
“Girls get screwed. Not that kind of screwed, what I mean is, they're always on the short end of things. The way things work, how guys feel great, but make girls feel cheap for doing exactly what they beg for. The way they get to play you, all the while claiming they love you and making you believe it's true. The way it's okay to gift their heart one day, a backhand the next, to move on to the apricot when the peach blushes and bruises. These things make me believe God's a man after all.”
“Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life.”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
“Give me some sunshine, Give me some rain! Why the hell am I asking you, When I'm the steward of my own reign!”
“Give out what you most want to come back.”
“Give positivity to negative people, don't become negative like them.”
“Give the People what they want - and they'll get what they deserve.”
“Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be beautiful without planning!”
“Give your all to every experience, feel it breathe it appreciate it, nothing lasts forever, when it's gone you'll remember the feeling it once gave you and sometimes that's enough.”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Give yourself small goals to achieve on a daily basis. Make small changes in your life that would make you more productive, and make you physically and mentally fit.”
“Give yourself something that no one can take away.”
“Given a choice between goose egg and heartache, I would choose heartache.”
“Given that we can live only a small part of what there is in us -- what happens with the rest?”
“Giving back is as good for you as it is for those you are helping, because giving gives you purpose. When you have a purpose-driven life, you’re a happier person.”
“Giving up the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.”
“Go outside, life in storage fades ”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience, Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Goals want to realize themselves.”
“God and the universe are really interchangeable words. The universe loves us, God loves us. Have faith in the universe, have faith in God. It's all the same. If God is everywhere then God is the universe and you don't have to believe in God to believe in the universe.”
“God bless you, little Kristin, I've been to Paris and traveled elsewhere in the world as well, and yet you mustn't think me any better for it, for I fear the Devil and love and desire this world like a fool.”
“God can restore your life. Put your trust in Him.”
“God created us all free from the very beginning, and placed Liberty in our hearts so that no one can take it away from us. If you touch heart of human to take away his Liberty, he will die. His Liberty and Life are united in one place: in his heart.”
“God defines you, not this world.”
“God forgive me for what I've done. God forgive me for what I will do, and forgive me for what I can't do because my religion won't let me.”
“God gave birth to the universe. The universe gave birth to the cosmos. The cosmos gave birth to the world. The world gave birth to nature. Nature gave birth to life. Life gave birth to mankind. Mankind gave birth to humanity.”
“God has forgiven us and still forgives us every time we repent of our sins. This indicates that we are not called to sin but to live in accordance with His will.”
“God inspires us with wisdom when we seek His humility for elevation in Obedience”
“God is surely in control, be still and trust in Him. He will have your situation sorted out.”
“God is the Cure, Love is the Answer”
“God is the best motivator. Without inspiring people to write these beautiful phrases, many would have strayed from His path. Only a few, translates into many, who will enter heaven. The race, of heaven, began long time ago.”
“God knows how to give life and give it in abundance. Where He is given a chance, He always does His best.”
“God knows that not all lessons are taught in the classroom. Hence, He allows life to teach us some extraordinary lessons.”
“God knows the soul will be injured more than the body. So God keeps the soul inside the body. The wounds of the soul no one can see That's all people see. Is your body You die when your soul dies. However, you get funeral when stop breathing your Body”
“God loves strong people and those with an unstoppable will-power.”
“God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.”
“God put us here, on this carnival ride. We close our eyes never knowing where it'll take us next.”
“God remains the same, regardless of the circumstances around you. Trust in Him. He is reliable at all times.”
“God saves all lives. At the same time, there is no death, of the body, without God's permission. Good and evil come together, then bow before God himself.”
“God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the rest.”
“God will empower you to do great things when you keep trusting in Him.”
“God will take you anywhere for a good reason in the end. Do not fear. Do not give up and do not lose focus. Trust in Him and He will make a way for you.”
“God's love isn't given to us to change him; it's given so that we can change through him.”
“God's perfect will wins within me that disables any competition, in that divine provisional place and position, failure can never be found!”
“God, why give Wings for the angels, but feet for people? . ''You were born to dream, you were born to love''. ''Give me wine. Give me bread, Lift me higher! Lift me higher! From this sphere of earthly dross, redeem me from the clay!”
“Going back to something is harder than you think.”
“Good and evil come from the same thread, from God himself. I guess you believe He's the creator of everything. This means that nothing can be outside of His power or creation.”
“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“Good times ended, and bad times will end too.”
“Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.”
“Good. You should be frightened.” He turned to her, his eyes wild and dangerous. “This is the man you’re marrying, Esperanza. This is what he does to people. The least you can do is go into it with your eyes open. You and your family, all you see are the flashy clothes and baile cenas, the huge estates and the sparkly jewellery. Did you ever stop to think about where he gets it all from? It’s paid for in blood, Señorita. The blood of innocent men.”
“Google can bring you 1,000,000 answers. An education can give you the right answer.”
“Grace doesn't depend on suffering to exist, but where there is suffering you will find grace in many facets and colors.”
“Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“Gratitude and contentment don't stop you from pursuing your dreams; they keep your heart from trying to live somebody else's.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Great efforts lead to great outcomes. That is why great leaders do not cause an outcry among their followers, because they work hard and help save lives.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Great leaders are always mindful of the need to be accountable. Whatever they do is within the ambit of the law. Not only do they abide by the rules of law, they also adhere to ethical principles.”
“Great leaders are ordinary men and women who refuse to settle for mediocrity, because their aim is to lead their followers to greatness.”
“Great leaders avoid confusion and offer a clear direction, because they are custodians of great visions.”
“Great leaders can never go to the grave without empowering others. They empower others to lead before their time on earth is over, because they understand that leadership is a baton that needs to be handed over.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Great leaders choose to mentor others before their tenure comes to an end, because they know that great things should not end with them.”
“Great leaders comprehend that they will always face problems. That is why they put on their leadership hats with no fear of any problem that presents itself.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“Great leaders do not cause headaches in society. They find solutions to issues that cause numerous headaches in communities.”
“Great leaders do not create problems; they solve them.”
“Great leaders do not find pleasure in instigating wars. They strive for peace for the sake of their followers.”
“Great leaders do not focus on the problems, but on how to solve them.”
“Great leaders expand their vision by showing their followers how they can turn visions into reality.”
“Great leaders make an impact with limited resources, but inefficient leaders cannot yield good returns even with abundant resources.”
“Great leaders should be remembered for two things: their greatness and their goodness to the people they served.”
“Great leaders think beyond yesterday. They deal with the issues of today and focus on addressing the problems of tomorrow.”
“Great leaders work closely with their followers, because their sole mandate is to know the needs of their followers and address those needs accordingly.”
“Great nations leave great ruins, great men leave great memories”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“Green nature is the silent yet powerful, conductor orchestrating life on Earth.”
“Grief gives you a hundred reasons to cry; hope gives you a thousand reasons to smile, joy gives you a million reasons to laugh, and love gives you billion reasons to rejoice.”
“Growing up happens when you start having things you look back on and wish you could change -Clary Fray”
“Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.”
“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”
“Growth happens when you don't surrender to the pain.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“Guilt in the heart creates chaos in the head.”
“Guilt reminds me of a stray cat. You chase it away and yet, it comes back when you least expect it. If you let yourself feel pity for it and feed the thing, it parks its ugly, puny, lonely-for-attention butt on your doormat and won't go away. Scat kitty cat, scat. I don't need you sitting around here like that.”
“Guilt results from unused life, from the unlived in us.”
“HEARTWORK Each day is born with a sunrise and ends in a sunset, the same way we open our eyes to see the light, and close them to hear the dark. You have no control over how your story begins or ends. But by now, you should know that all things have an ending. Every spark returns to darkness. Every sound returns to silence. And every flower returns to sleep with the earth. The journey of the sun and moon is predictable. But yours, is your ultimate ART.”
“HOBBES: If you don't get a goodnight kiss you get Kafka dreams.”
“HOBBES: Virtue needs some cheaper thrills.”
“Had i known is always at last”
“Half-truth creates chaos. Full truth leads to peace.”
“Handle every situation and carry each weight with dignity". #LessonsFromMyFather”
“Hang on! God will be thy strength in any act of your pursuit.”
“Happiness and pain are essentially the same thing.”
“Happiness and pain are two sides of the same coin.”
“Happiness and success are not the same.”
“Happiness comes from solving problems. [ ] Happiness is a constant work-in-progress. The solutions to today's problems will lay the foundation for tomorrow's problems.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
“Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within”
“Happiness doesn't mean checking all the boxes, Happiness means to stop putting life in boxes.”
“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
“Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.”
“Happiness is an undercurrent of sensitivity and leads a surreptitious life: it is an internal eventuality. We can feel it in stillness and it stands the test of time. Joy is an eruption of cheerful moments and we want to express it: it is an external eventuality. We might shout it out, as it conveys a dynamic of fleeting instants. Joy gives voice to “en-joy-ment”. ("The grass was greener over there")”
“Happiness is in your heart; you must decide to be dragged into it!”
“Happiness is not a goal it's a by-product of a life well lived.”
“Happiness is not a path it is a destination.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Happiness is not the absence of sorrow, happiness is the capacity to overcome sorrow.”
“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
“Happiness is the cutest emotion I flaunt with pride”
“Happiness isn't constant because it lies in constantly changing moments.”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“Happiness or sadness is not anyone's creation, but your choice.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“Happiness was but the occasional episode in a general drama of pain.”
“Happiness without work is a grave snare to the soul.”
“Hard is trying to rebuild yourself, piece by piece, with no instruction book, and no clue as to where all the important bits are supposed to go.”
“Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!”
“Hardships make or break people.”
“Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.”
“Has the sun set? Don't be sad, the moon has risen! When the moon has set, don't be sad, the stars have appeared! Have the stars disappeared too, but don't worry, light a candle, now there is a candle in front of you! We can only hold on to life with this philosophy!”
“Hate is a terrible thing. It's a wasteful, stupid emotion. You can hate someone with all your heart, but it'll never do them a bit of harm. The only person it hurts is you. You can spend your days hating, letting it eat away at you, and the person you hate will go on living just the same. So, what's the point?”
“Hate is nothing when weighed against survival. (Valentine)”
“Hate me in such a way that transforms me to someone where it gets proved I delicately longed for a full fledged wrong person.”
“Haters, witches and wizards are always concern. They publicly act like they are concern or worried as if they really care. but what they are really doing is hating on another person and trying their best to destroy that persons life. They are very good in spreading misinformation and manipulating people.”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.”
“Have a serious talk with your mind and teach it to tell the heart to forgive.”
“Have patience with everything that remains unsolved in your heart. Try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books written in a foreign language. Do not now look for the answers. They cannot now be given to you because you could not live them. It is a question of experiencing everything. At present you need to live the question. Perhaps you will gradually, without even noticing it, find yourself experiencing the answer, some distant day.”
“Have rest before start a long journey..”
“Have you ever hoped for something? And held out for it against all the odds? Until everything you did was ridiculous? ”
“Have you ever seen a boulder along the ocean? Rock solid, standing tall under the sun, the rain, and the wind. Then one day, a tidal wave hits, and the boulder shatters down into pieces, shocking everyone. What nobody knows is that the boulder had been weak for a long time. Tiny cracks had formed with every lash of the wind, every splash of the wave, every betrayal of destiny. It was already broken inside. The last stroke just disassembled it, shattering it for the world to see. I am that boulder.”
“Have you read about the Law of Attraction before? His believers say, that a person has what looks like broadcasting and receiving channels, and these channels transmit his thoughts to the universe, and his receivers receive the results and interact with him, he is part of it as everything else, affects and is affected, and the master here is the universe, and the reason is the person, they are his thoughts that decide the response of the universe to him, it will give him back what he thinks, and it will seek to implement it for him. If you are looking for an answer to a question that has puzzled you for a long time, all you have to do is think about it, and imagine that you will find the answer in some way, imagine that moment when you know it, and then leave it to the universe, it will come to you with the answer, as long as you broadcast the idea. Based on that, if you think about something that you hate to happen, if you think about it for a long time, it will inevitably happen to you, for the law does not differentiate between good and evil, what you want and what you hate, but rather what you think. In other words, the subconscious mind is fertile, uncultivated land, and the conscious mind or brain is a seed-sowing machine. What you think about is the kind of seeds that you will sow in your subconscious mind, and your harvest will be the result of what you sow, the more you think, you are like the one who waters and plows the land and nurtures it, and in the end, the universe will be the machine of the harvest, it will inevitably make your ideas a reality for you. This law has been strengthened in all religions and customs. In religion, God alerted us to the need to monitor our thoughts well, so he says in the honorable Prophetic hadith, “I am as my servant thinks of me,” meaning that if you think well of God, he will be with you as you think. If think that he will only send you all good, God will send it to you. In all religions you will find many texts saying like this, although this completely contradicts the law of determinism in religion, God has written everything in advance, and your belief in him will not change anything in your destiny, but even your thoughts themselves, including your good thinking of him It is something he already wrote to you. As for our ancestors, they said it from the reality of their inherited experiences, they said things like that the one who is afraid of something, it will happen to him. They summarized them in the form of popular examples, which you will find in various cultures. However, what if the believers in this law understand things from the perspective of the ancient human understanding of the sense of sight, we do not receive determinism, and the universe does not make it and does not respond to us with what we think, and we cannot change it with our thoughts, we have already drawn them in advance, and we have no escape today except for reaping what we sowed. An inevitability we managed at once, in one moment. He was silent for a moment, then added: Or perhaps, we are drawing the inevitable now, Ruslan, what if I did not exist in this world before you had a need for me? And somehow you made me, and gave me a whole life, with its memories, memories that make me feel like I have lived forty whole years, and make you feel this, you arranged them for me, and you created me, to answer all the questions I have always thought of. And while I feel like I am forty, in fact, it is one second, maybe a lot less. What if we had never met in Syria before, if you were not there, and you are still retreating in your hut on the hill, thinking about the empty, the unknown, and what happened next? It is nothing but an arrangement that you did, to transcend the authority of your mind, to get you to know the answers to everything that afflicts you, even if this life is a blank sheet of paper, you are the one who arrange it and draw it, step by step.”
“Having blessed with ears does not guarantee that you will understand everything that has been said to you.”
“Having perfected our disguise, we spend our lives searching for someone we don’t fool.”
“Having real friends is rare; the rest are just broken pieces of glass that have already shattered.”
“Having right over others is something shameful. It's using force.”
“Having the right to happiness means having the right to earn it, not having it given to you without effort and action on your part.”
“He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.”
“He could only consider me as the living corpse of a would-be suicide, a person dead to shame, an idiot ghost.”
“He decided in favor of life out of sheer spite and malice.”
“He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.”
“He found himself understanding the wearisomeness of this life, where every path was an improvisation and a considerable part of one's waking life was spent watching one's feet.”
“He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.”
“He had the look of one who had drunk the cup of life and found a dead beetle at the bottom.”
“He had waited five years and bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths - so that he could 'come over' some afternoon to a stranger's garden.”
“He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much; Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it; Who has left the world better than he found it, Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; Whose life was an inspiration; Whose memory a benediction.”
“He is schizophrenic, this is how he was diagnosed with the CIA, and his schizophrenia is his strength, he comes out of a personality, directly impersonating a new one, a completely different one, which he experiences as if he had in it for his whole life. This is every professional agent’s strong point, but it comes at such a high price that it in many cases often ends up in a whiff of insanity. Therefore, they must be monitored and psychologically evaluated on a periodic basis. The last thing the agency wants is a suicidal agent with a message exposing many secrets, or a biased towards their opponents, or a madman circling the streets babbling from here and there. It takes its responsibilities towards them, these people suffer a lot, and the more they train, the more they work, the more professional they become, and the crazier they are. But there was something different about him, which Alex did not miss. Not that schizophrenia that she knew; When sitting with him, talking to him, all the paper reports seem as if they were written about a different person, as if deep down another person about whom no one knows anything yet, and as if all these characters he played are one character as if everything grows from inside him. What she was most concerned about is whether he is honest in being an intelligence agent, or is it a role he plays, as are the dozens of roles he played and plays for the agency. Many doubts revolve around him, officers were unable to manage him, and deal with him. The agency changed the liaison officer with him every few months, he is somewhat out of control, but at the same time, it is unable to terminate his services. The closer the agency got to making that decision, the more he did something that made them stick to it more, creative, distinct, and innovative, that we cannot easily let go of. Until Alex arrived, the only liaison officer he had worked with for years. His condition stabilized, he was no longer that mysterious brawler, she understood him completely, she threw all the reports, papers, and opinions behind her back, and dealt with him directly, without barriers. He was not simply pretending, he was not acting, he was really him. Every character he played, every lie he lied, every mess he made, it was him, without acting. And he said to her, they are all composite characters. If you look at each character, you will find something that connects them to the other, that they are like cubes, I build them on top of each other, I do not play them. What you need is to look at the details, and you will find a fine thread connecting them. He trusted her, and so did she. She became his friend, perhaps the only one in this world until Katrina entered his life. She knows nothing of what happened to him lately, but she knows that man deep inside him at the bottom of the pyramid of the cubes, “he will not hurt me, I trusted him before, I trust him today, his chivalry will not accept treachery, not of this kind, he will not do it”.”
“He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived.”
“He is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it's not about his face, but the life force I can see in him. It's the smile and the pure promise of everything he has to offer. Like he's saying, 'Here I am world, are you ready for so much passion and beauty and goodness and love and every other word that should be in the dictionary under the word life?' Except this boy is dead, and the unnaturalness of it makes me want to pull my hair out with Tate and Narnie and Fitz and Jude's grief all combined. It makes me want to yell at the God that I wish I didn't believe in. For hogging him all to himself. I want to say, 'You greedy God. Give him back. I needed him here.”
“He knew Alec enough by now to know the conflicting impulses that warred in him. He was conscientious, the kind of person who believed that the others around him were so much more important than he was, who already believed he was letting everybody down. And he was honest, the kind of person that was naturally open about all he felt and wanted. Alec's virtues had made a trap for him; these two good qualities had collided painfully. He felt he could not be honest without disappointing everyone he loved. It was a hideous conundrum for him. It was as if the world had been designed to make him unhappy.”
“He knew one of the women well, and had shared his universe with her. They had seen the same mountains, and the same trees, although each of them had seem them differently. She knew his weaknesses, his moments of hatred, of despair. Yet she was there at his side. They shared the same universe.”
“He lay back, put his arm over his eyes, and tried to hold onto the anger, because the anger made him feel brave. A brave man could think. A coward couldn't.”
“He lies still in the dark, hungry, listening to the birds discuss life in a thousand ancient dialects: bickering, turf war, recollection, praise, joy.”
“He looked different in sleep, beautiful but cold as moonlight. I found myself wishing he would wake so that I might watch the life return.”
“He looked him right in the eyes and saw a man who was great and good and human, who had done extraordinary things and terrible things and been broken and reassembled as a shell, only then to do the bravest thing of all: He had kept on living, though there are easier paths to take.”
“He said that we belonged together because he was born with a flower and I was born with a butterfly and that flowers and butterflies need each other for survival.”
“He shook his head, just looking at me. - "What?" I asked. - "Nothing" he said. - "Why are you looking at me like that?" Augustus half smiled. "Because you`re beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence." A brief awkward silence ensued. Augustus plowed through: "I mean, particularly given that, as you so deliciously pointed out, all of this will end in oblivion and everything." I kind of scoffed or sighed or exhaled in a way that was vaguely coughy and then said, "I`m not beau-" - "You are like a millennial Natalie Portman. Like V for Vendetta Natalie Portman." - "Never seen it." - "Really?" he asked. "Pixie-haired gorgeous girl dislikes authority and can`t help but fall for a boy she knows is trouble. It`s your autobiography, so far as I can tell." His every syllable flirted. Honestly, he kind of turned me on. I didn`t even know that guys could turn me on - not, like, in real life.”
“He stood at the window of the empty cafe and watched the activites in the square and he said that it was good that God kept the truths of life from the young as they were starting out or else they'd have no heart to start at all.”
“He stood up straight and looked the world squarely in the fields and hills. To add weight to his words he stuck the rabbit bone in his hair. He spread his arm out wide. "I will go mad!" he annouced.”
“He taught us that everyone has a good story and the more of others you understand, the better your grasp of human nature, a gift given great weight in my family" (73). - Bill Clinton, "Paying Attention”
“He thought of her often, and he missed the companionship they'd once shared and the friendship that had been the bedrock of their marriage at its best.”
“He walked out in the gray light and stood and he saw for a brief moment the absolute truth of the world. The cold relentless circling of the intestate earth. Darkness implacable. The blind dogs of the sun in their running. The crushing black vacuum of the universe. And somewhere two hunted animals trembling like ground-foxes in their cover. Borrowed time and borrowed world and borrowed eyes with which to sorrow it.”
“He wanted to leave the past a few hundred miles down the road, shake it off like dust. But that ws the problem with the past. It kept finding him.”
“He was fucking sad. That's it. That's the point. He knows life is never going to get any different for him. That there's no fixing him. It's always going to be the same monotonous depressing bullshit. Boring, sad, boring, sad. He just wants it to be over.”
“He was mastered by the sheer surging of life, the tidal wave of being, the perfect joy of each separate muscle, joint, and sinew in that it was everything that was not death, that it was aglow and rampant, expressing itself in movement, flying exultantly under the stars.”
“He was unheeded, happy, and near to the wild heart of life. He was alone and young and wilful and wildhearted, alone amid a waste of wild air and brackish waters and the seaharvest of shells and tangle and veiled grey sunlight.”
“He who becomes the slave of habit, who follows the same routes every day, who never changes pace, who does not risk and change the color of his clothes, who does not speak and does not experience, dies slowly. He or she who shuns passion, who prefers black on white, dotting ones "it’s" rather than a bundle of emotions, the kind that make your eyes glimmer, that turn a yawn into a smile, that make the heart pound in the face of mistakes and feelings, dies slowly. He or she who does not turn things topsy-turvy, who is unhappy at work, who does not risk certainty for uncertainty, to thus follow a dream, those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives, die slowly. He who does not travel, who does not read, who does not listen to music, who does not find grace in himself, she who does not find grace in herself, dies slowly. He who slowly destroys his own self-esteem, who does not allow himself to be helped, who spends days on end complaining about his own bad luck, about the rain that never stops, dies slowly. He or she who abandon a project before starting it, who fail to ask questions on subjects he doesn't know, he or she who don't reply when they are asked something they do know, die slowly. Let's try and avoid death in small doses, reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing. Only a burning patience will lead to the attainment of a splendid happiness.”
“He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.”
“He who forgets the past is doomed to repeat it.”
“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.”
“He who has conquered his mind and resides in the Self, is the most intelligent among men.”
“He who has the vision of the soul attains immortality and lives in the ecstasy of divine consciousness.”
“He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”
“He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that you're his princess.”
“He, who forgives, purifies his own heart.”
“Heal deeply and live fully!”
“Healing is a lifestyle.”
“Healing is a lifestyle”
“Health is the foundation of all human judgments, That’s why first thing we ask anyone during meeting is; How are you?”
“Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.”
“Hearts may forgive but they never forget.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“Help someone, you earn a friend. Help someone too much, you make an enemy.”
“Her black hair shines bright, Earrings adorning each ear just right; Innocent cuteness fills her gaze, With an English fiction book that amaze; Tiny red lips speak words so sweet, Crazy cheeks bring joy complete!”
“Her happiness floated like waves of ocean along the coast of her life. She found lyrics of her life in his arms but she never sung her song.”
“Here are two big mistakes that are made frequently in life: Waiting for the train that will not stop at your stop and not waiting for the train that will stop at your stop!”
“Here was peace. She pulled in her horizon like a great fish-net. Pulled it from around the waist of the world and draped it over her shoulder. So much of life in its meshes! She called in her soul to come and see.”
“Here's a secret: Everyone, if they live long enough, will lose their way at some point. You will lose your way, you will wake up one morning and find yourself lost. This is a hard, simple truth. If it hasn't happened to you yet, consider yourself lucky. When it does, when one day you look around and nothing is recognizable, when you find yourself alone in a dark wood having lost the way, you may find it easier to blame it on someone else -- an errant lover, a missing father, a bad childhood -- or it may be easier to blame the map you were given -- folded too many times, out-of-date, tiny print -- but mostly, if you are honest, you will only be able to blame yourself. One day I'll tell my daughter a story about a dark time, the dark days before she was born, and how her coming was a ray of light. We got lost for a while, the story will begin, but then we found our way.”
“Here's one of the things I learned that morning: if you cross a line and nothing happens, the line loses meaning. It's like that old riddle about a tree falling in a forest, and whether it makes a sound if there's no one around to hear it. You keep drawing a line farther and farther away, crossing it every time. That's how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth.”
“Here's what I think, Mr. Wind-Up Bird," said May Kasahara. "Everybody's born with some different thing at the core of their existence. And that thing, whatever it is, becomes like a heat source that runs each person from the inside. I have one too, of course. Like everybody else. But sometimes it gets out of hand. It swells or shrinks inside me, and it shakes me up. What I'd really like to do is find a way to communicate that feeling to another person. But I can't seem to do it. They just don't get it. Of course, the problem could be that I'm not explaining it very well, but I think it's because they're not listening very well. They pretend to be listening, but they're not, really. So I get worked up sometimes, and I do some crazy things.”
“Here's what life is—here's what life boils down to, Joe. Life boils down to brutality. It's fucked. Life is brutal and fucked up. You may not see it now, but I'm older than you and I can tell you.”
“Here, start living moment to moment totally and intensely, joyfully and playfully — and you will see that nothing goes out of control; that your intelligence becomes sharper; that you become younger; that your love becomes deeper. And when you go out into the world, wherever you go, spread life, playfulness, joy, as far away as possible — to every nook and corner of the earth.”
“Here’s how I see it. You can break people up into three groups. The pre-midnight crowd, which is your average stiff. Saddled by their spouse, kids, and American idealism, easy to peg and rather uninteresting. Then, there’s the after-midnight crowd which is pretty interesting. They’re the people who can talk about the dark side, but not really go there, maybe they danced with it in college. But they still know how to have some fun. Then there’s the after 4am crowd that really opens your eyes to the world. You want empathy for people? Smoke a joint with two hookers who drive over two hours at 4.30 in the morning just to earn a living. Say what you want about morality, but that’s as real as it gets. All of sudden, 9-to-5 doesn’t seem so bad. Neither does the grumpy neighbor or that a-hole cousin. Plus, it’s quite liberating. You can say whatever you want. It’s all on the table. There’s nothing you can say that’s going to offend the underworld. What can be more extreme than the reality these two girls live?”
“Here’s to freedom, cheers to art. Here’s to having an excellent adventure and may the stopping never start.”
“Hi Celestials Here is a Topic Why do some guys derive joy in spending huge amount of money buying free drinks, for their friends, but can't help or support them? A very sensitive question I couldn't ignore. I've seen this questions in couple of places and now it has been directed specifically to me. I 'm sure you must have come across this scenario or probably been a victim. Someone you've known for long, a childhood friend or colleague hits the jackpot. He excitedly called for celebration, spending a fortune on foods and drinks. Intact he's ready to close down the restaurant that night, but behind close doors, you've been asking him for a little financial assistance to boost your business or start up something, but he keeps giving excuses. After having so much thoughts about this, I only came up with one conclusion. And that is the fact life is partly competition, at least that is how some folks views it. The bitter truth is that Nobody wants you to be greater than they are except your parents. Everybody wants to be ahead. I call them dream wreckers. They would rather watch your dream die, than assist you. They prefer receiving accolades in public for feeding the whole community with foods and beer, than changing someone's destiny. Because it boost their Ego. Depend on them at your own peril. That's why bible said that you need to be pitied if you still put your hopes on mere mortal. You will be shocked by the high level of disappointment. Just be focused, persistent, and do the little you within your reach, then pray for grace. When the time comes, your destiny helper will locate you, and you will know he's the one because he won't feel burdened assisting you.”
“High ego is often the side-effect of low self-esteem.”
“His mission is not to wait until the world ends, but to find a way to the other side before it does. To prop open the door before it can be locked. To tie a suture before the fatal wound is made. To let in the moonlight before the sun is allowed to rise.”
“His talent was as natural as the pattern that was made by the dust on a butterfly's wings. At one time he understood it no more than the butterfly did and he did not know when it was brushed or marred. Later he became conscious of his damaged wings and of their construction and he learned to think and could not fly any more because the love of flight was gone and he could only remember when it had been effortless.”
“His words are like the sound of a needle dragging across a record. A sinking, sickening feeling washes over me. This is why you should never, ever get your hopes up. This is why you should see the glass as half empty. So, when the whole things spills, you aren't as devastated.”
“Hobbes: Do you think there's a God? Calvin: Well, somebody's out to get me!”
“Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Holding this soft, small living creature in my lap this way, though, and seeing how it slept with complete trust in me, I felt a warm rush in my chest. I put my hand on the cat's chest and felt his heart beating. The pulse was faint and fast, but his heart, like mine, was ticking off the time allotted to his small body with all the restless earnestness of my own.”
“Holistic wealth is about creating circumstances in your life that allow you to be resilient and resourceful”
“Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps”
“Home is where somebody notices when you are no longer there. ”
“Home isn't where your hat lands, but where your heart does.”
“Home wasn't a set house, or a single town on a map. It was wherever the people who loved you were, whenever you were together. Not a place, but a moment, and then another, building on each other like bricks to create a solid shelter that you take with you for your entire life, wherever you may go.”
“Honesty always give good rewards.”
“Honey, a life without love isn’t a life worth living. Besides, you don’t get to choose whether or not you love someone. If only. How much easier would life be if we could just make that choice? Love… it doesn’t listen to reason.”
“Hope is never constant. It will come and go. But a hopeful person will figure out a way to be hopeful again.”
“Hope is not a feeling of certainty that everything ends well. Hope is just a feeling that life and work have a meaning.”
“Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed.”
“Hope rises with the sun, illuminating a new day full of endless possibilities.”
“Hopefully your life doesn't become the reality and reflection of the stained feelings that you have impressed and imposed upon someone else.”
“Hopes are like hair ornaments. Girls want to wear too many of them. When they become old women they look silly wearing even one.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“How beautiful and how ugly someone is depends on our mindset”
“How can I be reasonable? To me our love was everything and you were my whole life. It is not very pleasant to realize that to you it was only an episode.”
“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.”
“How can I go forward when I don't know which way I'm facing?”
“How can you still count yourself a knight, when you have forsaken every vow you ever swore?" Jaime reached for the flagon to refill his cup. "So many vows they make you swear and swear. Defend the king. Obey the king. Keep his secrets. Do his bidding. Your life for his. But obey your father. Love your sister. Protect the innocent. Defend the weak. Respect the gods. Obey the laws. It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or the other.”
“How could I ever be lonely when I am with my own best self.”
“How covered is your body depends on how covered is your heart with Imaan.”
“How do you control your mind? How do you find a middle between truth and delusion? It may interest you that if you go too far on truth, you may get disappointed in God, in your life, in any beliefs, and even in your mother that gave birth to you. But what if you go too far on delusion?" He stopped and made a thoughtful face. Precop continued, "If you go too far on delusion, you will go crazy and find the darkest hell inside of your inner mind, provided by your own mind. I've been there, trust me. It is so dark that till now I am not sure if you're real or I am just talking to myself.”
“How does fear become so powerful? We can’t see it. We can’t touch it, yet it gets its claws in us and begins to control us. Sigh. I hate feeling afraid, and I hate, hate, HATE feeling out of control.”
“How does life treat me? Life is the "I" or divine Ego, and the "ME" is the corporeal part. We are all visitors, I treat it well and it does the same to me.”
“How easy it was to capitalize on a person’s own bent for self-destruction; how simple to nudge them into non-being, then to stand back and shrug and agree that it had been the inevitable result of a chaotic, catastrophic life.”
“How far from God would I wander if I had a life without suffering?”
“How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.”
“How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.”
“How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.”
“How generous is dance, it barters your moments of anguish and gifts you joy equal to lifetimes.”
“How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.”
“How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.”
“How long had it had been since she'd thought back on the evenings around the fire, number games at the kitchen table, or listening to her father sing? Too long. Yes, there had been bad times. And she had tallied them like figures in a column, not remembering to factor in the good. She had doctored the books.”
“How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.”
“How many times have you tried to talk to someone about something that matters to you, tried to get them to see it the way you do? And how many of those times have ended with you feeling bitter, resenting them for making you feel like your pain doesn't have any substance after all? Like when you've split up with someone, and you try to communicate the way you feel, because you need to say the words, need to feel that somebody understands just how pissed off and frightened you feel. The problem is, they never do. "Plenty more fish in the sea," they'll say, or "You're better off without them," or "Do you want some of these potato chips?" They never really understand, because they haven't been there, every day, every hour. They don't know the way things have been, the way that it's made you, the way it has structured your world. They'll never realise that someone who makes you feel bad may be the person you need most in the world. They don't understand the history, the background, don't know the pillars of memory that hold you up. Ultimately, they don't know you well enough, and they never can. Everyone's alone in their world, because everybody's life is different. You can send people letters, and show them photos, but they can never come to visit where you live. Unless you love them. And then they can burn it down.”
“How much I missed, simply because I was afraid of missing it.”
“How much of your life had been happenstance? How much of your life had been a roll of the big polyhedral die in the sky? But then, weren’t all lives that way? Who could say, in the end, that they had chosen any of it?”
“How much sweeter life would be if it all happened in reverse, if, after decades of disappointments, you finally arrived at an age when you had conceded nothing, when everything was possible.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.”
“How often do we tell our own life story? How often do we adjust, embellish, make sly cuts? And the longer life goes on, the fewer are those around to challenge our account, to remind us that our life is not our life, merely the story we have told about our life. Told to others, but—mainly—to ourselves.”
“How often in the throes of our trials do we trip over the lesson?”
“How often, you wonder, has the direction of your life been shaped by such misunderstandings? How many opportunities have you been denied--or, for that matter, awarded--because someone failed to see you properly? How many friends have you lost, how many have you gained, because they glimpsed some element of your personality that shone through for only an instant, and in circumstances you could never reproduce? An illusion of water shimmering at the far bend of a highway.”
“How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.”
“How quick come the reasons for approving what we like.”
“How rich or poor we are depends on whom and what we compare with.”
“How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life”
“How terribly sad it was that people are made in such a way that they get used to something as extraordinary as living.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“How unhappy are those who keep missing the old days.”
“How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour, and that one, is what we are doing. A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time. A schedule is a mock-up of reason and order—willed, faked, and so brought into being; it is a peace and a haven set into the wreck of time; it is a lifeboat on which you find yourself, decades later, still living.”
“How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.”
“How we wish we could breathe forever. But death, the destroyer of pleasure is waiting to take it away from us. Maybe death is the price of life. Isn't death painful because life is always beautiful?”
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”
“How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.”
“How would your life be different if You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.”
“How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.”
“How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day…You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.”
“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring . I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”
“Human beings are a useful servant living with a dangerous Master Technology”
“Human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but   life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.”
“Human can never be satisfied”
“Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece”
“Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.”
“Humanity is a cage, and our puritanical sensibilities comprise the bars. We are confined by our own reason and intellect, and yet most of us don't even know it.”
“Humble yourself and forgive your enemies. Then watch God elevate you to humble your enemies.”
“Humility is a good trait of great leaders, because a great leader never forgets that he is in that position because of the followers.”
“Humility is perfect quietness of heart. It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me. It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised. It is to have a blessed home in the Lord, where I can go in and shut the door, and kneel to my Father in secret, and am at peace as in a deep sea of calmness, when all around and above is trouble.”
“Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.”
“Hurting and hating yourself won’t help your situation. Seek help and reach out.”
“Hype always kills the real and genuine thing. They say fake it until you make it and those who are faking it are the ones that are always selected over the ones who are really doing it.”
“I DON'T CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. "I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!" "You do care," said Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his office. His expression was calm, almost detached. "You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.”
“I abandoned the assigned problems in standard calculus textbooks and followed my curiosity. Wherever I happened to be--a Vegas casino, Disneyland, surfing in Hawaii, or sweating on the elliptical in Boesel's Green Microgym--I asked myself, "Where is the calculus in this experience?”
“I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”
“I ain't a lover, but I want to love all your crazy imperfections, I ain't a diver, but I want to dive into your deep warm emotions, I ain't a reader, but I want to read messages send by your eyes, I ain't a skylark, but I want to sing for your mesmerizing smile, I ain't a gardener, but I want to plant seeds of ecstasy in your heart, I ain't a writer, but I want to write about how special you're.”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go. Then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators.”
“I always felt like you had to be important to have enemies.”
“I always had this idea that you should never give up a happy middle in the hopes of a happy ending, because there is no such thing as a happy ending. Do you know what I mean? There is so much to lose.”
“I always knew, on some level, that I wouldn't live long. It's simply not written in my stars.”
“I always laugh at the term 'Cinderella story', because, if you ask me, it doesn't matter what life you're living, life never has a solution. No matter how hard the struggles are that you leave behind, new struggles always take their place.”
“I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble”
“I always thought that life was about standing your ground, no matter how strong the current was. But going with the flow isn't so bad after all. As long as it takes you forward.”
“I am 1324512000 seconds old. In the cosmic blink of an eye, I will become once again cosmic dust.”
“I am a fashion person, and fashion is not only about clothes -- it's about all kinds of change”
“I am a frayed and nibbled survivor in a fallen world, and I am getting along. I am aging and eaten and have done my share of eating too. I am not washed and beautiful, in control of a shining world in which everything fits, but instead am wondering awed about on a splintered wreck I've come to care for, whose gnawed trees breathe a delicate air, whose bloodied and scarred creatures are my dearest companions, and whose beauty bats and shines not in its imperfections but overwhelmingly in spite of them ”
“I am a horror maniac who prefers to stay at home.”
“I am a person who is unhappy with things as they stand. We cannot accept the world as it is. Each day we should wake up foaming at the mouth because of the injustice of things.”
“I am afraid because I can so clearly foresee my own life rotting away of itself, like a leaf that rots without falling, while I pursue my round of existence from day to day.”
“I am afraid to show you who I really am, because if I show you who I really am, you might not like it--and that's all I got.”
“I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.”
“I am almost a hundred years old; waiting for the end, and thinking about the beginning. There are things I need to tell you, but would you listen if I told you how quickly time passes? I know you are unable to imagine this. Nevertheless, I can tell you that you will awake someday to find that your life has rushed by at a speed at once impossible and cruel. The most intense moments will seem to have occurred only yesterday and nothing will have erased the pain and pleasure, the impossible intensity of love and its dog-leaping happiness, the bleak blackness of passions unrequited, or unexpressed, or unresolved.”
“I am always sad, I think. Perhaps this signifies that I am not sad at all, because sadness is something lower than your normal disposition, and I am always the same thing. Perhaps I am the only person in the world, then, who never becomes sad. Perhaps I am lucky.”
“I am an artist, my hair is rarely tamed & sometimes I sleep till noon, My house is messy and I speak to the moon. I care less about the materials that I share with my world and more about the passion inside myself. Im an artist, what more can you expect? i am full of soul, love and all the rest.”
“I am an author, engineer and entrepreneur all at the same time. I am, therefore, nothing and everything at the same time.”
“I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.”
“I am convinced that human life is filled with many pure, happy, serene examples of insincerity, truly splendid of their kind-of people deceiving one another without (strangely enough) any wounds being inflicted, of people who seem unaware even that they are deceiving one another.”
“I am convinced that most people do not grow up We marry and dare to have children and call that growing up. I think what we do is mostly grow old. We carry accumulation of years in our bodies, and on our faces, but generally our real selves, the children inside, are innocent and shy as magnolias.”
“I am convinced--truly convinced-- that 99% of living is useless. The only--and I mean the ONLY--part of life that is worth anything, is the part where we love a few people in our lives, and to what degree we are able to love them, how much we are able to give, how much of our hearts we are able to put into it. Time moves fast forward; meanwhile, we spend that time on making money, chasing dreams, building names for ourselves, achieving stuff that we want to achieve time moves fast forward and instead of standing in moments with a few people that we love, we run fast forward with it! We forget how to love a few people given to us to love, we forget how to stay, we forget how to feel, we forget, we forget, we forget, so we can run towards death, leaving behind a house perhaps; kids perhaps; a bank account hopefully; a name worth remembering maybe. But did we love? Did you love? Did you stay? Did you love with all of your heart? Did you? Will you?”
“I am extreme in everything I do Can immensely love and can immensely hate U choose”
“I am fated to journey hand in hand with my strange heroes and to survey the surging immensity of life, to survey it through the laughter that all can see and through the tears unseen and unknown by anyone.”
“I am filled time and again with a heart-aching wonder when I think of the fire and frost of memories of the everlastingness of love the solace of family and the power of prayer.”
“I am forever grateful for not knowing—What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.”
“I am going to sit here in the river. If you go home to sleep, I will sleep in front of your house. And if you go away, I will follow you--until you tell me to go away. Then I'll leave. But I have to love you for the rest of my life..”
“I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is the context of my life to go on without end.”
“I am made up of fragments of poetry glued together hoping one day to become art.”
“I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.”
“I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art.”
“I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in, I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?”
“I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.”
“I am not my body. My body is nothing without me.”
“I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.”
“I am not the same having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.”
“I am nothing more than the consequence of catastrophe.”
“I am now 33 years old, and it feels like much time has passed and is passing faster and faster every day. Day to day I have to make all sorts of choices about what is good and important and fun, and then I have to live with the forfeiture of all the other options those choices foreclose. And I'm starting to see how as time gains momentum my choices will narrow and their foreclosures multiply exponentially until I arrive at some point on some branch of all life's sumptuous branching complexity at which I am finally locked in and stuck on one path and time speeds me through stages of stasis and atrophy and decay until I go down for the third time, all struggle for naught, drowned by time. It is dreadful. But since it's my own choices that'll lock me in, it seems unavoidable--if I want to be any kind of grownup, I have to make choices and regret foreclosures and try to live with them.”
“I am old enough to know only too well my good and bad qualities, which were often one in the same.”
“I am quite satisfied with my position. The work I am doing is not of very much value, perhaps, but we all do what we can.”
“I am ready for whatever's coming. I expect nothing but to be let down or turned away. I am alone. Goddamn. The shit hurts sometimes, but I realize what I am, what I have become.”
“I am reduced to a thing that wants Virginia. I composed a beautiful letter to you in the sleepless nightmare hours of the night, and it has all gone: I just miss you, in a quite simple desperate human way. You, with all your un-dumb letters, would never write so elementary a phrase as that; perhaps you wouldn’t even feel it. And yet I believe you’ll be sensible of a little gap. But you’d clothe it in so exquisite a phrase that it would lose a little of its reality. Whereas with me it is quite stark: I miss you even more than I could have believed; and I was prepared to miss you a good deal. So this letter is just really a squeal of pain. It is incredible how essential to me you have become. I suppose you are accustomed to people saying these things. Damn you, spoilt creature; I shan’t make you love me any the more by giving myself away like this —But oh my dear, I can’t be clever and stand-offish with you: I love you too much for that. Too truly. You have no idea how stand-offish I can be with people I don’t love. I have brought it to a fine art. But you have broken down my defences. And I don’t really resent it.”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?' 'Aren’t we all?”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?” “Aren’t we all?”
“I am should be a statement of wonder.”
“I am sinner, I am saint. I am the beloved and the betrayed. I have no joys that are not yours, no aches which are not yours. I too call myself I.”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“I am still in the land of the dying; I shall be in the land of the living soon. (his last words)”
“I am suddenly comsumed by nostalgia for the little girl who was me, who loved the fields and believed in God, who spent winter days home sick from school reading Nancy Drew and sucking menthol cough drops, who could keep a secret.”
“I am wonderfully & beautifully created in the image of God.”
“I am, after all, an adult, a grown man, a useful human being, even though I lost the career that made me all these things. I won't make that mistake again.”
“I asked my heart, the meaning of Happiness. I found my Soul, walking along its route long before my Mind had known. Because Happiness simply tastes like Love in a bottle of galloping Moments, nimbly fleeting yet wonderfully etched in Time's bosom of Never-ending Smile.”
“I asked the master, what is life? He said to me: Sometimes you collect fallen leaves for hours, and then an unexpected strong wind blows and all the leaves fall apart, you go back to the beginning and you start collecting leaves again, that's life!”
“I bargained with Life for a penny, and Life would pay no more, However I begged at evening When I counted my scanty store; Life is a just employer. He gives you what you ask, But once you have set the wages, Why, you must bear the task. I worked for a menial's hire, Only to learn, dismayed, That any wage I had asked of Life, Life would have willingly paid”
“I began to understand that suffering and disappointments and melancholy are there not to vex us or cheapen us or deprive us of our dignity but to mature and transfigure us.”
“I began to wonder why i should struggle to stay alive, when i did not want to live. It was getting dark again, and i was alone on the moor.”
“I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles”
“I believe in humanity, that means I'm realistic about life.”
“I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it. ”
“I believe that I am not responsible for the meaningfulness or meaninglessness of life, but that I am responsible for what I do with the life I've got.”
“I believe that half the trouble in the world comes from people asking 'What have I achieved?' rather than 'What have I enjoyed?' I've been writing about a subject I love as long as I can remember--horses and the people associated with them, anyplace, anywhere, anytime. I couldn't be happier knowing that young people are reading my books. But even more important to me is that I've enjoyed so much the writing of them.”
“I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.”
“I believe that we will be capable to describe the beauties of heaven only after finishing to explore the world in which we are currently living in.”
“I believe that words are strong, that they can overwhelm what we fear when fear seems more awful than life is good.”
“I believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes. If you worry, the bad thing doesn't hit you as hard. You can roll with the punch if you see it coming.”
“I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.”
“I believe the stars align so souls can find one another. Whether they are meant to be souls in love or souls in life remains to be seen.”
“I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.”
“I believe when life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade and try to find someone whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.”
“I believe you spend your life in some kind of hiding place, and you think you're safe from danger and harm, and one of these days you'll wake up and realize that the thing you're keeping yourself from is fullness.”
“I call the polar opposites to Wrong Planet people Rag, Tag & Bobtail because they’re really nothing but glove puppets. Their heads are little more than hollow wood and at times they seem to be controlled by strings and rods and levers with invisible hands inside them making them ‘perform.’ Most glove puppets have fixed facial expressions and a hinged mouth, giving them a dull, lifeless expression.”
“I came here looking for a Great Perhaps, for real friends and a more-than-minor life..”
“I can chase you, and I can catch you, but there is nothing I can do to make you mine.”
“I can choose either to be a victim of the world or an adventurer in search of treasure. It's all a question of how I view my life.”
“I can learn to live with guilt. I don't care about being good.”
“I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.”
“I can see how it might be possible for a man to look down upon the earth and be an atheist, but I cannot conceive how a man could look up into the heavens and say there is no God.”
“I can sympathize with everything except suffering", said Lord Henry, shrugging his shoulders. "I cannot symphatize with that. It is too ugly, too horrible, too distressing. There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathize with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores, the better.”
“I can't decide whether I'm a good girl wrapped up in a bad girl, or if I'm a bad girl wrapped up in a good girl. And that's how I know I'm a woman!”
“I can't see that Danish episode as an adventure, or a crisis survived, or a serious quest for anything definable. It was just another happening like today's luncheon, something I got into and got out of. And it reminds me too much of how little life changes: how, without dramatic events or high resolves, without tragedy, without even pathos, a reasonably endowed, reasonably well-intentioned man can walk through the world's great kitchen from end to end and arrive at the back door hungry.”
“I can't seem to be a pessimist long enough to overlook the possibility of things being overwhelmingly good.”
“I can't. You can't rewrite the past.”
“I cannot forecast to you the action of Russia. It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma. But perhaps there is a key. That key is Russian national interest.”
“I cannot pretend I am without fear. But my predominant feeling is one of gratitude. I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return; I have read and traveled and thought and written. I have had an intercourse with the world, the special intercourse of writers and readers. Above all, I have been a sentient being, a thinking animal, on this beautiful planet, and that in itself has been an enormous privilege and adventure.”
“I cannot tell you what it is that guides us in this life; but for me, I fell toward the Chairman just as a stone must fall toward the earth. When I cut my lip and met Mr. Tanaka, when my mother died and I was cruelly sold, it was all like a stream that falls over rocky cliffs before it can reach the ocean. Even now that he is gone I have him still, in the richness of my memories.”
“I cannot understand anti-abortion arguments that centre on the sanctity of life. As a species we've fairly comprehensively demonstrated that we don't believe in the sanctity of life. The shrugging acceptance of war, famine, epidemic, pain and life-long poverty shows us that, whatever we tell ourselves, we've made only the most feeble of efforts to really treat human life as sacred.”
“I can’t really act the way I want to act, or say what I want to say all the time. And a lot of times, I cover that up with a smile.”
“I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.”
“I choose to write because it's perfect for me. It's an escape, a place I can go to hide. It's a friend, when I feel out casted from everyone else. It's a journal, when the only story I can tell is my own. It's a book, when I need to be somewhere else. It's control, when I feel so out of control. It's healing, when everything seems pretty messed up. And it's fun, when life is just flat-out boring.”
“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
“I consider reading the greatest bargain in the world. A shelf of books is a shelf of many lives and ideas and imaginations which the reader can enjoy whenever he wishes and as often as he wishes. Instead of experiencing just one life, the book-lover can experience hundreds or even thousands of lives. He can live any kind of adventure in the world. Books are his time machine into the past and also into the future. Books are his "transporter" by which he can beam instantly to any part of the universe and explore what he finds there. Books are an instrument by which he can become any person for a while—a man, a woman, a child, a general, a farmer, a detective, a king, a doctor, anyone. Great books are especially valuable because a great book often contains within its covers the wisdom of a man or woman's whole lifetime. But the true lover of books enjoys all kinds of books, even some nonsense now and then, because enjoying nonsense from others can teach us to also laugh at ourselves. A person who does not learn to laugh at his own problems and weaknesses and foolishness can never be a truly educated or a truly happy person. Also, probably the same thing could be said of a person who does not enjoy learning and growing all his life.”
“I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.”
“I could just remember how my father used to say that the reason for living was to get ready to stay dead a long time.”
“I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.”
“I cry even harder, thinking of how it could have been, of how I thought it would be. For the first time, I want to give up, to die, because suddenly everything is too much and there is no solution in sight.”
“I dared to dance along broken lines and I cut myself once again - only to rewrite your words with meaning.”
“I definitely learned a lesson this time. I know that I can be broken. I am not as tough as I thought. I see it now. At this point, it's the only thing good that came out of all of this. I know myself better now and know what I have to do.”
“I did not ask for the horrible past they gave me. I won’t let them mingle with my dreams.”
“I did not yet know that glimpses were not complete access or revelation, that sometimes you uncover what they want you to uncover or things that are best left unheard.”
“I didn't give up, I walked away I had enough of accepting actions that were less than I deserved. So  I made a concious choice To honour myself, Before complementing another & If that's what; has made you undeniably mad, Than I know, the history of our connection is hidden in the truth of your heart and regardless of your outcome, I have made the right choice for me.”
“I didn't know the answers, but I could feel that the things that gave life meaning came from a place within and from the nurturing of values like tolerance, charity, and community.”
“I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart”
“I do not forget any good deed done to me & I do not carry a grudge for a bad one.”
“I do not love men: I love what devours them.”
“I do not regret one moment of my life.”
“I do not want beings to suffer, I want all to live happy healthy lives while ending up with peaceful deaths.”
“I don't "lol". I tried it once but it just didn't agree with me.”
“I don't agree with your choices", I croaked out. "But I respect that they are yours to make.”
“I don't care what you say to me. I care what you share with me.”
“I don't desire a happy life, I desire for a happy death”
“I don't expect life to make sense," he said after a few moments, "but it could certainly be pleasant if it would stop kicking us in the balls.”
“I don't forgive him," I said. "Hell, no, you don't. And why should you? So he can feel better? Get on with his life? And what's he done to help you get on with yours?”
“I don't get it,' Caroline said, bemused. 'She's the only one with wings. Why is that?' There were so many questions in life. You couldn't ever have all the answers. But I knew this one. It's so she can fly,' I said. Then I started to run.”
“I don't judge people. It blurs out the center of my attention, my focus, myself.”
“I don't know how I look, but I know how I feel: Young. Goofy. Infinite.”
“I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.”
“I don't know what would I do without you.”
“I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.”
“I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.”
“I don't like hearing words that might trigger me, but people really want to test me. I wish I could shut my mouth when I hear voices inside my head. I didn't mean to say hurtful words. I only wanted my words to be heard.”
“I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them. ”
“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom”
“I don't particularly believe all love is doomed. But I guess, one is usually kinda suffering from some aborted love affair or association, rather than being at the peak of one. I think it's fairly obvious that a lot more suffering goes on in the name of love than the little happiness you can squeeze out of it.”
“I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God.”
“I don't spend a lot of time asking "WHY?" Instead I focus on what I should do now or how I should react." (p.180)”
“I don't think anyone ever gets over anything in life; they merely get used to it.”
“I don't think that anything happens by coincidence  No one is here by accident  Everyone who crosses our path has a message for us. Otherwise they would have taken another path, or left earlier or later. The fact that these people are here means that they are here for some reason" ”
“I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.”
“I don't think you ever realize how much you love something until you have to give it up.” ~Haley James Scott”
“I don't understand a thing about this world: about people, and why they do the things they do. The more I find out, the more I uncover, the more I know, the less I understand.”
“I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?”
“I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying. I don't want to live on in the hearts of my countrymen; I want to live on in my apartment.”
“I don't want to do anything. I don't even want to start this day because then I'll just be expected to finish it.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love”
“I don't want to live, I want to love first and live incidentally.”
“I don't write to praise or please anyone, but I write to express and communicate my thoughts to the universe.”
“I dont just have to be perfect I have to be me”
“I don’t care if people say that I am staying hungry and foolish.”
“I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.”
“I don’t know what afflicts me now. Indecisiveness? Reluctance? Fear of being vulnerable? I am not a coward, at least. Fear isn’t equivalent to cowardice. Even a soldier deployed at the border fears bullet, which is exactly why he is able to dodge the enemy and eliminate them.”
“I don’t live in either my past or my future. I’m interested only in the present. If you can concentrate always on the present, you’ll be a happy man. Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we’re living now.”
“I don’t need no more human friends.”
“I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard. I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more. I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits”
“I don’t regret anything I’ve ever done in life, any choice that I’ve made. But I’m consumed with regret for the things I didn’t do, the choices I didn’t make, the things I didn’t say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have the answer to. “What if…” “If only…” “I wonder what would have…” You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.”
“I don’t want life to imitate art. I want life to be art.”
“I don’t want to be little again. But at the same time I do. I want to be me like I was then, and me as I am now, and me like I’ll be in the future. I want to be me and nothing but me. I want to be crazy as the moon, wild as the wind and still as the earth. I want to be every single thing it’s possible to be. I’m growing and I don’t know how to grow. I’m living but I haven’t started living yet. Sometimes I simply disappear from myself. Sometimes it’s like I’m not here in the world at all and I simply don’t exist. Sometimes I can hardly think. My head just drifts, and the visions that come seem so vivid.”
“I don’t want to understand life. I want to live it, just the way I like amongst flowers of all types.”
“I don’t worry about finding myself. I worry about not getting lost.”
“I edit and control my whole life, that is what being accountable and responsible is. That is why I do not edit my writing, art is my escape from the restrictions and rules of life.”
“I enjoy almost everything. Yet I have some restless searcher in me. Why is there not a discovery in life? Something one can lay hands on and say “This is it”? My depression is a harassed feeling. I’m looking: but that’s not it — that’s not it. What is it? And shall I die before I find it?”
“I envy people that know love. That have someone who takes them as they are.”
“I exist when we exist.”
“I failed to communicate, that's why I chose to leave”
“I feel like a big faker because I've been putting my life back together, and nobody knows.”
“I feel like someone ripped my heart out, smashed it with a meat tenderizer until it resembled a piece of jerky, then gave it back to me and said, ‘Here you go, you’ll be fine, go live the rest of your life.”
“I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.”
“I feel so lonely; and this dark loneliness makes me feel so much pain.”
“I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.”
“I feel that life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. That's the two categories. The horrible are like, I don't know, terminal cases, you know, and blind people, crippled. I don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me. And the miserable is everyone else. So you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's very lucky, to be miserable.”
“I feel you calling, in the autumn sweet transformation. I have reached my brightest green to the gold burning sun. I have folded my colours into the wind, bright colours taken to the sky. My silk has gone to moisture in the rising atmosphere and I am your colours again, deep and warm. I hear your calling and I answer, I come back to you, to slip inside the dark. Will I be found by the decaying things? Will I be found by the roots and drunk by tree and flower? Will I slip and mingle and roll along, find my way to a river and with it dance, and give myself in a sigh to the ocean? Will I scatter, a few fragments of sand – my body to glisten beneath a caress of moonlight as I make my way towards no more as I find my way to forever”
“I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“I finally figured out that not every crisis can be managed. As much as we want to keep ourselves safe, we can't protect ourselves from everything. If we want to embrace life, we also have to embrace chaos.”
“I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.”
“I find myself thinking back to something I saw on the local news about a year ago. A teen football player had died in a car accident. The cameras showed all his friends after the funeral—these big hulking guys, all in tears, saying, “I loved him. We all loved him so much.” I started crying, too, and I wondered if these guys had told the football player they loved him while he was alive, or whether it was only with death that this strange word, love, could be used. I vowed then and there that I would never hesitate to speak up to the people I loved. They deserved to know they gave meaning to my life. They deserved to know I thought the world of them.”
“I go to seek a Great Perhaps.”
“I guess god simply wants me to meet many wrong people before I meet the right one.”
“I guess sometimes forever is a lot shorter than you think it's going to be.”
“I had a dream about you last night  you were a giant slinky and I watched you fall down the stairs.”
“I had a dream about you last night. The champagne was non-alcoholic. You didn't notice, and laughed at my jokes anyway.”
“I had a dream about you last night.. you were holding a pine cone and introducing him as Gerald.”
“I had a dream about you. I was sitting on your couch, relating my succession of ideas on subconscious influence. I asked you what they meant, and you told me that free associations were a bad way to advance my political career.”
“I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a “politician,” and must be destroyed. ”
“I had a dream about you. You were an escalator, and I was a flight of stairs. You thought I was a Luddite, and I thought I was as ostrich, because I hadn’t figured out how to put the fly in flight. One day you broke down, and then you saw that you and I weren’t so different after all.”
“I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.”
“I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me.”
“I had rather be shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.”
“I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world.”
“I hadn't been out to the hives before, so to start off she gave me a lesson in what she called 'bee yard etiquette'. She reminded me that the world was really one bee yard, and the same rules work fine in both places. Don't be afraid, as no life-loving bee wants to sting you. Still, don't be an idiot; wear long sleeves and pants. Don't swat. Don't even think about swatting. If you feel angry, whistle. Anger agitates while whistling melts a bee's temper. Act like you know what you're doing, even if you don't. Above all, send the bees love. Every little thing wants to be loved.”
“I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.”
“I hate when people say 'I see'. It doesn't mean anything and I think it's hostile. Whenever anyone tells me 'I see' I think they're really saying 'Fuck you'.”
“I have a deeply hidden and inarticulate desire for something beyond the daily life.”
“I have a shocking memory - I remember everything.”
“I have a theory about marriage, Monsieur Boustouler. And it's that nearly always you will know within two weeks if it's going to work. It's astonishing how many people remain shackled for years, decades even, in a protracted and mutual state of self-delusion and false hope when in fact they had their answer in those first two weeks.”
“I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change  I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back .”
“I have always, essentially, been waiting. Waiting to become something else, waiting to be that person I always thought I was on the verge of becoming, waiting for that life I thought I would have. In my head, I was always one step away. In high school, I was biding my time until I could become the college version of myself, the one my mind could see so clearly. In college, the post-college “adult” person was always looming in front of me, smarter, stronger, more organized. Then the married person, then the person I’d become when we have kids. For twenty years, literally, I have waited to become the thin version of myself, because that’s when life will really begin. And through all that waiting, here I am. My life is passing, day by day, and I am waiting for it to start. I am waiting for that time, that person, that event when my life will finally begin. I love movies about “The Big Moment” – the game or the performance or the wedding day or the record deal, the stories that split time with that key event, and everything is reframed, before it and after it, because it has changed everything. I have always wanted this movie-worthy event, something that will change everything and grab me out of this waiting game into the whirlwind in front of me. I cry and cry at these movies, because I am still waiting for my own big moment. I had visions of life as an adventure, a thing to be celebrated and experienced, but all I was doing was going to work and coming home, and that wasn’t what it looked like in the movies. John Lennon once said, “Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” For me, life is what was happening while I was busy waiting for my big moment. I was ready for it and believed that the rest of my life would fade into the background, and that my big moment would carry me through life like a lifeboat. The Big Moment, unfortunately, is an urban myth. Some people have them, in a sense, when they win the Heisman or become the next American Idol. But even that football player or that singer is living a life made up of more than that one moment. Life is a collection of a million, billion moments, tiny little moments and choices, like a handful of luminous, glowing pearl. It takes so much time, and so much work, and those beads and moments are so small, and so much less fabulous and dramatic than the movies. But this is what I’m finding, in glimpses and flashes: this is it. This is it, in the best possible way. That thing I’m waiting for, that adventure, that move-score-worthy experience unfolding gracefully. This is it. Normal, daily life ticking by on our streets and sidewalks, in our houses and apartments, in our beds and at our dinner tables, in our dreams and prayers and fights and secrets – this pedestrian life is the most precious thing any of use will ever experience.”
“I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art.”
“I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.”
“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”
“I have given my word that only death will take me from you.”
“I have known many gods. He who denies them is as blind as he who trusts them too deeply. I seek not beyond death. It may be the blackness averred by the Nemedian skeptics, or Crom's realm of ice and cloud, or the snowy plains and vaulted halls of the Nordheimer's Valhalla. I know not, nor do I care. Let me live deep while I live; let me know the rich juices of red meat and stinging wine on my palate, the hot embrace of white arms, the mad exultation of battle when the blue blades flame and crimson, and I am content. Let teachers and philosophers brood over questions of reality and illusion. I know this: if life is illusion, then I am no less an illusion, and being thus, the illusion is real to me. I live, I burn with life, I love, I slay, and am content.”
“I have known the joy and pain of friendship. I have served and been served. I have made some good enemies for which I am not a bit sorry. I have loved unselfishly, and I have fondled hatred with the red-hot tongs of Hell. That's living.”
“I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.”
“I have learned that when you make big decisions, life says, 'Fuck you. This is what you actually have in store.”
“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”
“I have learnt to take care of myself without you.”
“I have lived long enough to understand that life is not about them or I but us. And living is definitely about me.”
“I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.”
“I have lost and loved and won and cried myself to the person I am today.”
“I have never seen anyone who has ever benefited from mere wishing in life.”
“I have never seen battles quite as terrifyingly beautiful as the ones I fight when my mind splinters and races, to swallow me into my own madness, again.”
“I have no idea what's awaiting me, or what will happen when this all ends. For the moment I know this: there are sick people and they need curing.”
“I have noticed that even those who assert that everything is predestined and that we can change nothing about it still look both ways before they cross the street.”
“I have often wished I had time to cultivate modesty But I am too busy thinking about myself.”
“I have risen once. I know how to rise again.”
“I have so much to share with the world, please be patient and you will get everything you are currently waiting for.”
“I have stitched life into me like a rare organ --from "Three Women: A Poem for Three Voices", written 1962”
“I have the mind of an engineer and the heart of an author.”
“I have to live if I want to be remembered.”
“I have written it before and am not ashamed to write it again. Without Wodehouse I am not sure that I would be a tenth of what I am today -- whatever that may be. In my teenage years, his writings awoke me to the possibilities of language. His rhythms, tropes, tricks and mannerisms are deep within me. But more than that, he taught me something about good nature. It is enough to be benign, to be gentle, to be funny, to be kind.”
“I haven’t been very impressed lately. By people, or places, or the way someone said he loved me and then slowly changed his mind.”
“I hope you choose kindness. Even when others are being cruel. When someone asks you to give them your heart all warm and full of trust, and they give you something makeshift and full of barbed wire in return: be kind. Some people need to feel your heart wrap around them more than you know.”
“I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.”
“I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you, and that you will work with these stories  water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom.”
“I hope your road hasn’t been too challenging. If it has, take heart! I’ve come to acknowledge that there are some wounds and regrets that time cannot fully erase; however, time provides opportunities for healing and renewal, a shift in composition, and a scar capable of fading.”
“I hurt myself in trying to keep you happy all the time.”
“I journey through life daily, embracing love from where I can and giving love to whom I can.”
“I just need to know that someone out there listens and understands and doesn't try to sleep with someone even if they could have. I need to know these people exist.”
“I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough, it’ll make sense.”
“I just want to do something that matters. Or be something that matters. I just want to matter.”
“I just wanted the world to feel like home.”
“I just wanted to tell you that I understand if you go. It’s okay if you have to leave us. It’s okay if you want to stop fighting.”
“I kept every letter - only to be remembered of the wrong one's words can cause (to the heart).”
“I kept every letter - only to be reminded of the wrong words can cause (to the heart).”
“I knew Dad was concerned about my past associations. I was from the Trash Alley. It was my community. I hung out with thugs from the Frog Bottom, the Burns Bottoms, the Red Line, the S-Curve, the Sandfield, the Morning Side, and a bunch of other places that shall remain nameless. I knew all of the “Legends of the Hood”: Sin Man, Swap, Boo Boo, Emp-Man, Cookie Man, Shank, Polar Bear, Bae Willy, Bae Bruh, Skullhead Ned, Pimp, Crunch, and Goat Turd (just to name a few). I thought maybe Dad had summoned me as a “show and tell” for the kids in his neighborhood—the hardliner to scare those wayward suburban brats back into reality.”
“I knew it like destiny, and at the same time, I knew it as choice.”
“I knew long ago and rediscovered that the best way to attract attention,help,and conversation is to be lost.A man who seeing his mother starving to death on a path kicks her in the stomach to clear the way, will cheerfully devote several hours of his time giving wrong directions to a total stranger who claims to be lost”
“I know I wrote letters to people with no address on this earth, I know that you are dead. But I hear you. I hear all of you. We were here. Our lives matter.”
“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”
“I know everything gets better with time. But I don't know how to deal with the pain today.”
“I know how you feel, Willem," Andy had said in one of their secret conversations, "but he doesn't want you to admire him; he wants you to see him as he is. He wants you to tell him that his life, as inconceivable as it is, is still a life.”
“I know it seems hard sometimes but remember one thing. Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that. So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep ya head up . and handle it.”
“I know it's not easy for you, living this life, but try to remember, always try to remember, you're not the only one with troubles.”
“I know my life's meaningful because" - and here he stopped, and looked shy, and was silent for a moment before he continued - " because I'm a good friend. I love my friends, and I care about them, and I think I make them happy.”
“I know now, after fifty years, that the finding/losing, forgetting/remembering, leaving/returning, never stops. The whole of life is about another chance, and while we are alive, till the very end, there is always another chance.”
“I know that the whole point—the only point—is to find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.”
“I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.”
“I know there is no straight road No straight road in this world Only a giant labyrinth Of intersecting crossroads”
“I know there may be universes out there where I made different choices and they led me somewhere else, led me to someone else. And my heart breaks for every single version of me that didn't end up with you.”
“I learn more from my students and clients than I teach them”
“I learned a world from each / one whom I loved”
“I learned long ago to never be disappointed by people. Especially politicians.”
“I learned that it is important to be true to yourself. Many people do whatever society tells them to do. They’ve lost themselves. I grew up with Confucian values, and they are limiting. I focused only on work and making a living. But I’m old now. Remember not to lose who you are.”
“I learned that ruling poor men's hands is nothing. Ruling men's money's a wedge in the world. But after I'd split it open a crack I looked in and saw the trick inside it, the filthy nothing, the fooled and rotten faces of rich and successful men.”
“I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours..”
“I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”
“I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.”
“I like pain. Pain indicates that I'm getting stronger.”
“I like shape very much. A novel has to have shape, and life doesn't have any. ”
“I like the mind of people who reads books.”
“I like the scientific spirit—the holding off, the being sure but not too sure, the willingness to surrender ideas when the evidence is against them: this is ultimately fine—it always keeps the way beyond open—always gives life, thought, affection, the whole man, a chance to try over again after a mistake—after a wrong guess.”
“I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.”
“I liked being a person. I wanted to keep at it.”
“I live in my own little world. But its ok, they know me here.”
“I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.”
“I live never greed, world! nothing here mine, never purchased this sky, not any of these many land”
“I long ago came to the conclusion that all life is 6 to 5 against.”
“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
“I love death because life hates me.”
“I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out. I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like I'm nuts. I love that after I spend the day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it's not because I'm lonely, and it's not because it's New Year's Eve. I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.”
“I love the Lord, for he heard my voice; he heard my cry for mercy. Because he turned his ear to me, I will call on him as long as I live. (Psalms 116:1-2 NIV)”
“I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.”
“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
“I love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. I love you.”
“I love you. I hate you. I like you. I hate you. I love you. I think you’re stupid. I think you’re a loser. I think you’re wonderful. I want to be with you. I don’t want to be with you. I would never date you. I hate you. I love you…..I think the madness started the moment we met and you shook my hand. Did you have a disease or something?”
“I loved the love and i still love of it, because it's a light break in endless darkness, the lake that awaits you on the desert, the rose that cannot wither, the warm nest of birds. Love, between hello and goodbye we never are alone.”
“I loved you long before you loved me. It's the only thing I have you beat at, and I'll bring it up every chance I get.”
“I made new friends and learned new things and began to grow used to the ebb and flow of life, of old things dying and new things being born, of endings and beginnings.”
“I made the choice to be vegan because I will not eat (or wear, or use) anything that could have an emotional response to its death or captivity. I can well imagine what that must feel like for our non-human friends - the fear, the terror, the pain - and I will not cause such suffering to a fellow living being.”
“I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more ”
“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”
“I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it. CATS, he said eventually. CATS ARE NICE.”
“I messed up my life by trusting you.”
“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
“I might be a fool once but not in a life time”
“I might say that we have paid for freedom. But I have had enough melodrama in this life, and would willingly give my five senses if they could ensure us our present peace and security. Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind of course we have on moments of depression; but there are other moments too, when time, unmeasured by the clock, runs on into eternity.”
“I missed you, Angel. Not one day went by that I didn't feel you missing from my life. You haunted me to the point that I began to believe Hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. I couldn't escape you and I didn't want to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.”
“I must die. Must I then die lamenting? I must be put in chains. Must I then also lament? I must go into exile. Does any man then hinder me from going with smiles and cheerfulness and contentment?”
“I must talk, and you must listen, for we are engaged here in the most important pursuit in history: the search for meaning. What is the nature of being a person? What is the best way to go about being a person? How did we come to be, and what will become of us when we are no longer? In short: What are the rules of this game, and how might we best play it?”
“I need to be willing to play the game. I need to be willing to put myself out there, and be vulnerable, and take chances, even though I might lose.”
“I need to stop fantasizing about running away to some other life and start figuring out the one I have.”
“I need you to be happy. I need one of us to be happy.”
“I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life.”
“I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.”
“I never could bear the idea of anyone's expecting something from me. It always made me want to do just the opposite.”
“I never heard sound and thrill of my painful heart until that very day she touched it.”
“I never look back to see how far I have come. I look back to see how much I have grown and how many lives I have touched.”
“I never looked down on nobody, especially when I was trying to find a way to come up myself in the struggle.”
“I never wanted to go away, and the hard part now is the leaving you all. I'm not afraid, but it seems as if I should be homesick for you even in heaven.”
“I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. If we don’t vibrate on the same frequency there’s just no reason for us to waste our time. I’d rather have no one and wait for substance than to not feel someone and fake the funk.”
“I now avoid trying to see myself as one thing or the other. I'm not a happy person or a sad person. I am not a calm person or a fearful person. I am a happy, sad, calm, fearful person. I let myself feel it all. And that way I am always open to new feelings.”
“I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.”
“I once had a dreams of becoming a beautiful poet, but upon an unfortunate series of events some of those dreams dashed and divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over and over again, sparkling and broken. But I didn't really mind, because I knew that it takes getting everything you ever wanted, and then losing it to know what true freedom is.”
“I only felt at peace by turning all my dreams into visions. It was then that I faced the realities of the universe.”
“I only want to write. And there's no college for that except life.”
“I pull my foot back again, but Four's hands clamp around my arms, and he pulls me away from her with irresistible force. I breathe through gritted teeth, staring at Molly's blood-covered face, the color deep and rich and beautiful, in a way. She groans, and I hear a gurgling in her throat, watch blood trickle from her lips. "You won," Four mutters. "Stop." I wipe the sweat from my forehead. He stares at me. His eyes too wide; they look alarmed. "I think you should leave," he says. "Take a walk." I'm fine," I say. "I'm fine now," I say again, this time for myself. I wish I could say I felt guilty for what I did. I don't.”
“I realize that life is risks. It’s acknowledging the past but looking forward. It’s taking a chance that we will make mistakes but believing that we all deserve to be forgiven.”
“I realized that everything we saw in each other was everything we couldn't see in ourselves. All those good parts. All those loving parts. All those beautiful parts”
“I really don't see anything romantic in proposing. It is very romantic to be in love. But there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal. Why, one may be accepted. One usually is, I believe. Then the excitement is all over. The very essence of romance is uncertainty. If ever I get married, I'll certainly try to forget the fact.”
“I really like playing my guitars. Y’know, they don’t call it working my guitars, right?”
“I really think I write about everyday life. I don't think I'm quite as odd as others say I am. Life is intrinsically, well, boring and dangerous at the same time. At any given moment the floor may open up. Of course, it almost never does; that's what makes it so boring.”
“I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark”
“I regret apologizing to the people I should have told to leave.”
“I regret sharing my secrets with those who didn't deserve to know anything about me.”
“I run after her, not really giving chase. I’m running because I can, because I must. Because I want to see how far I can go before I have to stop.”
“I sacrificed my time for the greater good. At this moment, I feel quite ready to serve the world and humanity in general.”
“I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.”
“I saw a star, I reached for it. I missed, so I accepted the sky”
“I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely.”
“I saw the years of my life spaced along a road in the form of telephone poles threaded together by wires. I counted one, two, three  nineteen telephone poles, and then the wires dangled into space, and try as I would, I couldn't see a single pole beyond the nineteenth.”
“I say if it's going to be done, let's do it. Let's not put it in the hands of fate. Let's not put it in the hands of someone who doesn't know me. I know me best. Then take a breath and go ahead.”
“I scream for everything that has gone wrong. I scream for everything broken in our lives.”
“I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations — one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it — you will regret both.”
“I see practical enlightenment as becoming comfortable with the idea that some suffering is always inevitable, that no matter what you do, life is comprised of failures, loss, regrets, and even death.”
“I seem to have run in a great circle, and met myself again on the starting line.”
“I sent my Soul through the Invisible, Some letter of that After-life to spell: And by and by my Soul return'd to me, And answer'd: 'I Myself am Heav'n and Hell”
“I should be happy, but instead I feel nothing. I feel a lot of nothing these days. I've cried a few times, but mostly I'm empty, as if whatever makes me feel and hurt and laugh and love has been surgically removed, leaving me hollowed out like a shell.”
“I should feel the air move against me, and feel the things I touched, instead of having only to look at them. I'm sure life is all wrong because it has become much too visual - we can neither hear nor feel nor understand, we can only see. I'm sure that is entirely wrong.”
“I should have learned this, she thought. I wanted to learn fire, and pain, but I should have learned people.”
“I simply regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi, in which the world created therein has different rules than my regular human world.”
“I sit beside the fire and think Of all that I have seen Of meadow flowers and butterflies In summers that have been Of yellow leaves and gossamer In autumns that there were With morning mist and silver sun And wind upon my hair I sit beside the fire and think Of how the world will be When winter comes without a spring That I shall ever see For still there are so many things That I have never seen In every wood in every spring There is a different green I sit beside the fire and think Of people long ago And people that will see a world That I shall never know But all the while I sit and think Of times there were before I listen for returning feet And voices at the door”
“I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.”
“I still don't know if Darwin, with his theory of natural selection, would have made an excellent lawyer or judge in court.”
“I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see.”
“I strongly believe that our communities can be easily improved by educating the population that’s residing there.”
“I suffer from life and from other people. I can’t look at reality face to face. Even the sun discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten and lost, with no connection to anything real or useful — only then do I find myself and feel comforted.”
“I suppose in the end the whole of life becomes an act of letting go. But what always hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.”
“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”
“I suppose sooner or later in the life of everyone comes a moment of trial. We all of us have our particular devil who rides us and torments us, and we must give battle in the end.”
“I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.”
“I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.”
“I think I’m always so much more happy with books and movies and stuff. I think I get more excited about well-done representations of life than life itself. - Celine”
“I think LIFE would be bored to death trying to carry on without me. Immortality is the only cure.”
“I think choosing between men and women is like choosing between cake and ice cream. You'd be daft not to try both when there are so many different flavors.”
“I think computer viruses should count as life   I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.”
“I think it is possible to start again, don't you? Life, I mean. It cannot possibly be intended that we simply acquire experience upon experience like a lot of excess baggage to carry about with us until we stagger into middle age and old age beneath the impossible weight of it all. We must, as we grow older and wiser, be able to allow all the  all the pain to seep out of our bones and souls so that we can start again.”
“I think knowing you has shown me how to have some purpose. watching you put meaning into all kinds of things, into a baby robin, it's taught me something. About how when you care, happiness tends to follow.”
“I think life is beautiful no matter what anyone else says. They criticize the rainbow too, don’t they?”
“I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”
“I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.”
“I think one can tell a lot about a person from the way he chooses to let the stub of his cigarette burn out ”
“I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them”
“I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else. Brian Sibley: Or brains even? Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind. If you're kind that's it.”
“I think revenge is the wrong way to make an equal issue, but ignoring and tolerance are the right way to win the full issue .”
“I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway  let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.”
“I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!”
“I think that you’ve got to make something that pleases you and hope that other people feel the same way.”
“I think the best way to deal with grief is to just keep going. To keep living your life, even though it's different now.”
“I think the highest and lowest points are the important ones. Anything else is just in between.”
“I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it”
“I think this is when most people give up on their stories. They come out of college wanting to change the world, wanting to get married, wanting to have kids and change the way people buy office supplies. But they get into the middle and discover it was harder than they thought. They can't see the distant shore anymore, and they wonder if their paddling is moving them forward. None of the trees behind them are getting smaller and none of the trees ahead are getting bigger. They take it out on their spouses, and they go looking for an easier story.”
“I think we'll get hurt a lot in this life, but maybe it's worth it because sometimes we will experience really amazing things, too. Maybe not everything will end in hurt. But we'll never know if we don't try.”
“I think when you become a parent you go from being a star in the movie of your own life to the supporting player in the movie of someone else's.”
“I think you don't grow up until you stop worrying about other people's purposes or lack of them and find the purposes you believe in for yourself.”
“I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.”
“I think, well, I've had a shit of a life, all things considered. It wasn't fair. Everyone I've ever loved is dead, and my leg hurts all the bloody time  But I think, any God that can do sunsets like that, a different one every night  'Strewth, well, you've got to respect the old bastard, haven't you?”
“I thought I had everything until I found you.”
“I thought of neither the future or the past; I lived only in the present."- Madonna in A Fur Coat”
“I thought that if I owned nothing, had nothing, was nothing, I would have nothing left to lose, and I wouldn't be scared anymore. Because my whole life I’ve been so damn scared. Scared to live because I was scared to die. But at the same I was so scared of living, so I wanted to die. Or maybe so scared of dying that I refused to live. You don't have to be afraid to fall, when you're already on the ground. You don't have to be scared to lose someone, when there's no one around to lose.”
“I thought your heart was just mine. Sadly it belongs to somebody else too.”
“I told her running away from your problems doesn't solve anything. Really it just hurts the people who count on you.”
“I tried running roads, hung out with road runners. But it's not for me. Being on the road means people will see you, so your outfit matters and you can't blow your nose and wipe it with your hands and brush your hands on the pavement. It's like going to the gym. Sweat, odor, athleisure fashion, being self-conscious—none of those matter in the mountains. You'd slam your shoes across rivers and slap your ass on muddy trails and swing your dick out while running. Pee on the run because stopping to pee takes too much time. You don't bother with trivial matters. Instead, you thank the universe you didn't fall off that cliff or your knees didn't collapse or you finished the race with only calluses, maybe a cut here and there, sore and stiff muscles, but alive and without broken bones. You're in the moment. It's more fun that way.”
“I tried to contain myself  but I escaped!”
“I understood the vagaries of nature and the vicissitudes of young girls' hearts. The beats of my spirit I put on hold deepened my awareness of Life. But only the madness in me made me enjoy every second of being alive.”
“I used many times to touch my own chest and feel, under its asthmatic quiver, the engine of the heart and lungs and blood and feel amazed at what I sensed was the enormity of the power I possessed. Not magical power, but real power. The power simply to go on, the power to endure, that is power enough, but I felt I had also the power to create, to add, to delight, to amaze and to transform.”
“I used to believe in happy endings,” the answer followed, spoken in perfect Therian, surprising Alison. “The way every person out there is given with greater cause and deserves happiness. But one person I met told me their theory. I don’t completely agree, but  some of us are just a little stone in an enormous wall, existing just to help push or inspire others.” After taking another bottle, she stroked her cheek and pulled away. “The man will look at the poor stranger and decide not to be him. Some of us suffer just to give an opportunity for others to be happy. If my existence makes someone happy in the future, it’s okay.”
“I used to belong to a family unit, with a foster mom and dad and my little sister, Bean, but that's over and I don't want to talk about what happened , or how unfair it was. Not yet. The less said about that the better, because if there's one thing I learned from Ryter it's that you can't always be looking backward or something will hit you from the front.”
“I used to spend so much time reacting and responding to everyone else that my life had no direction. Other people's lives, problems, and wants set the course for my life. Once I realized it was okay for me to think about and identify what I wanted, remarkable things began to take place in my life.”
“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”
“I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.”
“I wake up and tear drops, they fall down like rain. I put on that old song we danced to and then, I head off to my job cause not much has changed. Punch the clock, head for home, check the phone. Just in case. Go to bed, dream of you. That's what I am doing these days.”
“I wake up, I feel the inescapable oppression of the sunlight pouring through my bedroom window, and I am struck by the fact that I am alone. And that everyone is alone. And that everything I understood seven hours ago has already changed, and that I have to learn everything again.”
“I walk around the school hallways and look at the people. I look at the teachers and wonder why they're here. If they like their jobs. Or us. And I wonder how smart they were when they were fifteen. Not in a mean way. In a curious way. It's like looking at all the students and wondering who's had their heart broken that day, and how they are able to cope with having three quizzes and a book report due on top of that. Or wondering who did the heart breaking. And wondering why.”
“I walked over to the hill where we used to go and sled. There were a lot of little kids there. I watched them flying. Doing jumps and having races. And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.”
“I walked too fast, you would run to catch up with me and take hold of my hand, and that those were the best moments of my life. Your fingertips in the palm of my hand. Before you know how many things I'd failed at.”
“I want a life that sizzles and pops and makes me laugh out loud. And I don't want to get to the end, or to tomorrow, even, and realize that my life is a collection of meetings and pop cans and errands and receipts and dirty dishes. I want to eat cold tangerines and sing out loud in the car with the windows open and wear pink shoes and stay up all night laughing and paint my walls the exact color of the sky right now. I want to sleep hard on clean white sheets and throw parties and eat ripe tomatoes and read books so good they make me jump up and down, and I want my everyday to make God belly laugh, glad that he gave life to someone who loves the gift.”
“I want an infinitely blank book and the rest of time   why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time, my greatest regret is how much I believed in the future.”
“I want someone whose heart is big enough to hold me.”
“I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”
“I want to be on the right side of history when our contributions are scrutinized 1,000 years from now.”
“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
“I want to discover something new a different way of interpreting humanity perspective is a kind of augmented reality that teaches us to change our view”
“I want to drag knives over my skin, just to feel something other than shame, but I'm not even brave enough for that”
“I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.”
“I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”
“I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out like a fucking meteor!”
“I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.”
“I want words at my funeral. But I guess that means you need life in your life.”
“I want you. I want you so badly I can’t stand it. When you left, it felt like the world got darker. Like I couldn’t truly see anything. Couldn’t feel anything.”
“I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next. Delicious Ambiguity.”
“I wanted so badly for there to be more. I ached for there to be more than my crappy little life.' He shakes his head. 'And there was more. I just couldn't see it.”
“I wanted to explain myself to myself in an understandable way. I gave shape to my fears and made excuses. I varied my velocities, watched myselves sleep. Something's not right about what I'm doing but I'm still doing it-- living in the worst parts, ruining myself. My inner life is a sheet of black glass. If I fell through the floor I would keep falling. The enormity of my desire disgusts me.”
“I was a new person then, I knew things I had not known before, I knew things that you can know only if you have been through what I had just been through.”
“I was always an unusual girl. My mother told me I had a chameleon soul, no moral compass pointing due north, no fixed personality; just an inner indecisiveness that was as wide and as wavering as the ocean.”
“I was blind and heart broken and didn't want to do anything and Gus burst into my room and shouted, "I have wonderful news!" And I was like, "I don't really want to hear wonderful news right now," and Gus said, "This is wonderful news you want to hear," and I asked him, "Fine, what is it?" and he said, "You are going to live a good and long life filled with great and terrible moments that you cannot even imagine yet!”
“I was born not to die but to live and never born.”
“I was diamond on the outside, and I would not break. Inside, though, I was already broken.”
“I was dropped at birth and left on the ground. Now I am crawling, and there’s a rainbow beneath me.”
“I was fighting against myself, I realized when, I found peace, I found love, I found life.”
“I was forty years old when I stood up for myself for the first time. I should’ve stood up earlier.”
“I was giving up. I would have given up - if a voice hadn't made itself heard in my heart. The voice said "I will not die. I refuse it. I will make it through this nightmare. I will beat the odds, as great as they are. I have survived so far, miraculously. Now I will turn miracle into routine. The amazing will be seen everyday. I will put in all the hard work necessary. Yes, so long as God is with me, I will not die. Amen.”
“I was in the biggest breakdown of my life when I stopped crying long enough to let the words of my epiphany really sink in. That whore, karma, had finally made her way around, and had just bitch-slapped me right across the face. The realization only made me cry harder.”
“I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.”
“I was not, I was, I am not, I care not. (Non fui, fui, non sum, non curo)”
“I was real with you. I did not fake myself. And I hope you know that psychology says we show our real side to people we trust.”
“I was surrounded by friends, my work was immense, and pleasures were abundant. Life, now, was unfolding before me, constantly and visibly, like the flowers of summer that drop fanlike petals on eternal soil. Overall, I was happiest to be alone; for it was then I was most aware of what I possessed. Free to look out over the rooftops of the city. Happy to be alone in the company of friends, the company of lovers and strangers. Everything, I decided, in this life, was pure pleasure.”
“I was taught to prioritize what's "important"; food, water, children (Being the eldest among our siblings, I was taught to watch out for the younger ones). I was taught that the important stuff wasn't shiny; it involved logistics, practicals, survival. Only the necessary stuff to get by. Style, beauty, self-expression, affairs, superficiality — these are luxuries in my world. I could barely afford to eat lunch, much less buy clothes or get my hair styled in a salon. My family couldn't afford cable TV so I never watched MTV to learn the latest trends. So when I started high school, I had no regard for appearances. This is how I learned, the hard way, that maturity has no place with teenagers who could afford to have fun.”
“I watch the coffee drip, thinking of not just how fleeting time is but how the truly magical moments in our lives are the simplest, and how we let them pass without a thought. We foolishly believe that somehow they will all last forever, that destiny will not show up at our door unannounced and knock when we least expect it.”
“I welcome questions. I hate assumptions.”
“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.”
“I will be stronger than my sadness.”
“I will continue my path, but I will keep a memory always.”
“I will fight forever, for my life, for my freedom, for every bit of light left in this dark world.”
“I will never deny that life isn't fair. It seems as though when a woman leaves a man she is strong and independent, but when a man leaves a woman he is a pig and a jerk.”
“I will not be trapped by the past. Today is a new day of possibilities.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT Goodbye.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living in borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living in borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living on borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living on borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“I wish that my mirror wouldn't show me the way i look, but the way I'am. Because my inner beauty is more important than physical beauty.”
“I wish the army had taught us how to navigate feelings as easily as they did a starless night sky.”
“I wish to spend a lifetime near a lighthouse where loneliness will be the glimmer of luminous prancing upon ocean waves… rising and falling only for my breathing.”
“I wish to weep but sorrow is stupid. I wish to believe but belief is a graveyard.”
“I wish we could sometimes love the characters in real life as we love the characters in romances. There are a great many human souls whom we should accept more kindly, and even appreciate more clearly, if we simply thought of them as people in a story.”
“I wish you to know that it is you alone who can make yourself seen, heard, respected & loved… No one else! What I am trying to tell you is this: The best way to “make others treat you the way you want to be treated” is to treat & conduct yourself very carefully. Sweetheart, you can’t behave like a jerk or scum all the time, snub others & talk in anger or negative language with people, manipulate them & want them to respect you, love you & admire you. How is it going to happen? Darling listen – I want you to watch your manners, behaviours, words & doings very carefully, keep your promises & prioritise your own health, mental wellbeing & life purposes over everything else. I want you to start dressing well, begin to smile more during every interaction & start showing your competence & capabilities in every engagement. All the successful people & celebrities know this & this is how they live everyday. Let you also begin to bring out your own star qualities for all to admire. I mean identify what you are good at & start giving it breath, time, space & life, more than anything else… Visit my website, if you wish to know more about the blueprint to instruct others how to engage with us. Keep going! I am rooting for your success, your good health, happiness, healing & peace. Stay Incredibly Blessed!”
“I wish you to know that you are not ( in fact never will be) going backwards. You cannot undo your good or bad deeds & unlearn all that you took so long to learn. Darling listen – Once you squeeze toothpaste out, you cannot put it back into the tube, whoever you may be. You can’t go back in time to reverse what you have already said or done. Be careful of it! But the good news is that everything, good & bad, even your stupidity, mistakes & failures are a part of your progress (unless it was intentional or planned wrongdoing). If you don’t get the desired success immediately, you will learn & if necessary you will learn the same lesson again. Sweetheart, you are always a product of the lessons that you’ve learned. You are what you are, perhaps more wiser, stronger & full of life today because you went through something terrible & survived a bunch of rainstorms & kept walking with humbleness. I wish & hope that you are going to be more driven than ever & be telling a different story very soon. One of victory over everything, success, healing, health, abundance, love, happiness, peace & great joy. Enjoy your journey & think of the bigger picture. Keep your intentions pure & Keep doing your best every day!”
“I woke up as the sun was reddening; and that was the one distinct time in my life, the strangest moment of all, when I didn't know who I was - I was far away from home, haunted and tired with travel, in a cheap hotel room I'd never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the creak of the old wood of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all the sad sounds, and I looked at the cracked high ceiling and really didn't know who I was for about fifteen strange seconds. I wasn't scared; I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my whole life was a haunted life, the life of a ghost.”
“I woke up rich this morning. Not because my bank account was full, but because my lungs were.”
“I won't cry because it came to an end, but I will smile because it happened”
“I won't tell you that the world matters nothing, or the world's voice, or the voice of society. They matter a good deal. They matter far too much. But there are moments when one has to choose between living one's own life, fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands. You have that moment now. Choose!”
“I wonder if I'll ever have to decide which is worse, life as we're living or no life at all.”
“I wonder if that's how darkness wins, by convincing us to trap it inside ourselves, instead of emptying it out. I don't want it to win.”
“I wonder why I don't go to bed and go to sleep. But then it would be tomorrow, so I decide that no matter how tired, no matter how incoherent I am, I can skip on hour more of sleep and live.”
“I would not have you descend into your own dream. I would have you be a conscious citizen of this terrible and beautiful world.”
“I would not join any club which would have me be a member.”
“I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot. I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.”
“I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality.”
“I would think for hours how strange it was that some parts of words are silent, just like some parts of our lives. Did the people who wrote the dictionaries decide to mirror language to our lives, or did it just happen that way?”
“I wouldn't have missed a single minute of it, Not for the whole world.”
“I'd always thought I would feel like an animal released from its cage when my student days were finished, I felt more like a bird that had been pushed from its nest and told it must fly.”
“I'd found out that if you pushed people away hard enough, they tended to go.”
“I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.”
“I'd like to repeat the advice that I gave you before, in that I think you really should make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, Ron, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty. And so, Ron, in short, get out of Salton City and hit the Road. I guarantee you will be very glad you did. But I fear that you will ignore my advice. You think that I am stubborn, but you are even more stubborn than me. You had a wonderful chance on your drive back to see one of the greatest sights on earth, the Grand Canyon, something every American should see at least once in his life. But for some reason incomprehensible to me you wanted nothing but to bolt for home as quickly as possible, right back to the same situation which you see day after day after day. I fear you will follow this same inclination in the future and thus fail to discover all the wonderful things that God has placed around us to discover. Don't settle down and sit in one place. Move around, be nomadic, make each day a new horizon. You are still going to live a long time, Ron, and it would be a shame if you did not take the opportunity to revolutionize your life and move into an entirely new realm of experience. You are wrong if you think Joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living. My point is that you do not need me or anyone else around to bring this new kind of light in your life. It is simply waiting out there for you to grasp it, and all you have to do is reach for it. The only person you are fighting is yourself and your stubbornness to engage in new circumstances.”
“I'd spent so long trying to fit in,trying to be someone i wasn't,that i had no idea who i was any more.”
“I'll be happy if running and I can grow old together.”
“I'll never know, and neither will you, of the life you don't choose. We'll only know that whatever that sister life was, it was important and beautiful and not ours. It was the ghost ship that didn't carry us. There's nothing to do but salute it from the shore.”
“I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.”
“I'm afraid of time  I mean, I'm afraid of not having enough time. Not enough time to understand people, how they really are, or to be understood myself. I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes. You can't fix them without time. I'm afraid of seeing snapshots, not movies.”
“I'm afraid to get involved with the outside world. I'm afraid to meet new people and feel new feelings.”
“I'm always happy when I'm surrounded by water, I think I'm a Mermaid or I was a mermaid. The ocean makes me feel really small and it makes me put my whole life into perspective… it humbles you and makes you feel almost like you’ve been baptized. I feel born again when I get out of the ocean.”
“I'm as cruel as life. As cruel as love.”
“I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.”
“I'm hungry for a juicy life. I lean out my window at night and I can taste it out there, just waiting for me.”
“I'm just a medium of delivering the message. Because I am often inspired by the same inspiration that commands me to write these books.”
“I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.”
“I'm learning everyday that taking time for yourself is so important. It's the key to finding clarity and understanding the relationships in your life, especially the one with yourself!”
“I'm living at a peak of clarity and beauty I never knew existed. Every part of me is attuned to the work. I soak it up into my pores during the day, and at night—in the moments before I pass off into sleep—ideas explode into my head like fireworks. There is no greater joy than the burst of solution to a problem. Incredible that anything could happen to take away this bubbling energy, the zest that fills everything I do. It's as if all the knowledge I've soaked in during the past months has coalesced and lifted me to a peak of light and understanding. This is beauty, love, and truth all rolled into one. This is joy.”
“I'm not a body with a soul, I'm a soul that has a visible part called the body.”
“I'm not a cynic. I am a realist.”
“I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.”
“I'm not crying because of you; you're not worth it. I'm crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are.”
“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”
“I'm not into this whole "move with the times" thing. I reckon we should just decide on a year and stick with it.”
“I'm not irreplaceable   I'm nothing but grass growing on the ground; when the grass dies, another one replaces it  ”
“I'm not saying it's going to be easy. Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it. After all, you only have one life, so you should try to make the most of it.”
“I'm not saying nothing, excepting to say it were done because it were needed to be done. There were lives needed saving. And there's an end to it. Lie isn't about medals. Now off you go, and leave me be. I got my lighthouse to look after.' And he just turned and walked away.”
“I'm not scared of your bullet because it cannot kill my soul, but you must be scared of my eyes because they have the ability to win both your heart and soul.”
“I'm not sure if there's one right place I'm supposed to be, he said, but I know a couple of wrong places I'd give a second try in a heartbeat. ”
“I'm proud to be a work in progress.”
“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.”
“I'm sorry for my inability to let unimportant things go, for my inability to hold on to the important things.”
“I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.”
“I'm sure you think that I don't understand what you're going through, but I do. It's just that sometimes, our future is dictated by what we are, opposed to what we want.”
“I'm the girl nobody knows until she commits suicide. Then suddenly everyone had a class with her.”
“I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera. It's terrible.”
“I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.”
“I'm tired of running inside my head. I just want to lie in bed. But things are just getting started. How can I escape Can I close my eyes and not open them again? Can I draw me in pain Can I write me this broken I don't know how to deal with what I'm feeling I feel like crying Tears started shedding Problem is a like a pill Making myself sleeping Just for a moment of escaping Feels like I'm dreaming Can someone come and save me I am not me I'm inside of me. ”
“I've apparently been the victim of growing up, which apparently happens to all of us at one point or another. It's been going on for quite some time now, without me knowing it. I've found that growing up can mean a lot of things. For me, it doesn't mean I should become somebody completely new and stop loving the things I used to love. It means I've just added more things to my list. Like for example, I'm still beyond obsessed with the winter season and I still start putting up strings of lights in September. I still love sparkles and grocery shopping and really old cats that are only nice to you half the time. I still love writing in my journal and wearing dresses all the time and staring at chandeliers. But some new things I've fallen in love with -- mismatched everything. Mismatched chairs, mismatched colors, mismatched personalities. I love spraying perfumes I used to wear when I was in high school. It brings me back to the days of trying to get a close parking spot at school, trying to get noticed by soccer players, and trying to figure out how to avoid doing or saying anything uncool, and wishing every minute of every day that one day maybe I'd get a chance to win a Grammy. Or something crazy and out of reach like that. ;) I love old buildings with the paint chipping off the walls and my dad's stories about college. I love the freedom of living alone, but I also love things that make me feel seven again. Back then naivety was the norm and skepticism was a foreign language, and I just think every once in a while you need fries and a chocolate milkshake and your mom. I love picking up a cookbook and closing my eyes and opening it to a random page, then attempting to make that recipe. I've loved my fans from the very first day, but they've said things and done things recently that make me feel like they're my friends -- more now than ever before. I'll never go a day without thinking about our memories together.”
“I've been embarrassing myself since about birth.”
“I've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. At first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. The next day you want more. You're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.You think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. But then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. Now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. If he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. And just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love."- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept”
“I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy. ”
“I've come to believe that in everyone's life, there's one undeniable moment of change, a set of circumstances that suddenly alters everything.”
“I've crossed some kind of invisible line. I feel as if I've come to a place I never thought I'd have to come to. And I don't know how I got here. It's a strange place. It's a place where a little harmless dreaming and then some sleepy, early-morning talk has led me into considerations of death and annihilation.”
“I've decided to confront it. Confront whatever life throws at me, as I always have. However much I can feel, nothing more, nothing less.”
“I've finally come to the realization that I can't keep putting others before myself. It's time for me to take control and reshape my life. I'm tired of feeling like I'm dying while trying to take care of everyone else. It's time to say no to that shit and put myself first for once. Honestly, it's about damn time.”
“I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances, Be more active, Show up more often.”
“I've got nothing to do today but smile.”
“I've heard that people stand in bad situations because a relationship like that gets turned up by degrees. It is said that a frog will jump out of a pot of boiling water. Place him in a pot and turn it up a little at a time, and he will stay until he is boiled to death. Us frogs understand this.”
“I've learned  . That being kind is more important than being right.”
“I've learned it's okay to love more than one person.”
“I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.”
“I've noticed as I get older, time seems to fly by in hyper-speed. You blink, and a week has passed. Blink again, and a year has gone by.”
“I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.”
“INK Everything we know The things that haunt us in our sleep The scars, The joy, The sweat, The tears Is just a bit of ink.”
“Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.”
“If God can raise the dead and bring them back to life, surely, your situation cannot be too complicated for Him.”
“If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.”
“If I had a camera,' I said, 'I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life.”
“If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be here… I wouldn’t be anywhere.”
“If I had learned anything in my life about love, it was that they were tenous things that could end at any moment. Caution was essential-but not at the cost of risking your life”
“If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.”
“If I had to tell you how humans made their way to Earth, it would go like this: In the beginning, there was nothing at all but the moon and the sun. And the moon wanted to come out during the day, but there was something so much brighter that seemed to fill up all those hours. The moon grew hungry, thinner and thinner, until she was just a slice of herself, and her tips were as sharp as a knife. By accident, because that is the way most things happen, she poked a hole in the night and out spilled a million stars, like a fountain of tears. Horrified, the moon tried to swallow them up. And sometimes this worked, because she got fatter and rounder.. But mostly it didn't, because there were just so many. The stars kept coming, until they made the sky so bright that the sun got jealous. He invited the stars to his side of the world, where it was always bright. What he didn't tell them, though, was that in the daytime, they'd never be seen. So the stupid ones leaped from the sky to the ground, and they froze under the weight of their own foolishness. The moon did her best. She carved each of these blocks of sorrow into a man or a woman. She spent the rest of her time watching out so that her other stars wouldn't fall. She spent the rest of her time holding onto whatever scraps she had left.”
“If I never went home, what exactly would I be missing? I pictured my cold cavernous house, my friendless town full of bad memories, the utterly unremarkable life that had been mapped out for me. It had never once occurred to me, I realized, to refuse it.”
“If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph: THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDED FOR THE EXISTENCE OF GOD WAS MUSIC”
“If I stress about a goal, I won't remember to find the way to get there.”
“If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.”
“If I were to live for tomorrow, I would have lived fullest for today.”
“If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth and power, but for the passionate sense of the potential, for the eye which, ever young and ardent, sees the possible. Pleasure disappoints, possibility never. And what wine is so sparkling, what so fragrant, what so intoxicating, as possibility!”
“If I would expect better spiritual conditions to serve, I would not have started until the present moment.”
“If I’d learned anything over the past few weeks, it was that talking about your loved ones kept them alive, and I needed that. I was certain Jax needed that, too.”
“If Jesus could forgive those who crucified Him on the cross, then let the cross be a reminder of how possible it is to forgive.”
“If Jesus was buried on Earth, then the best miracle would be to resuscitate him and bring him back to life.”
“If You hurt anyone, it means you got already hurted.”
“If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.”
“If a man fights with truth, in time, he will be victorious. If he fights with lies, after he is exposed; in time, he will be left alone.”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit.”
“If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.”
“If a small bolt on the train tracks loosens and breaks, the train will derail! This applies to planes, cars and everything! Being alive means that a thousand bad things that could happen have not happened! It's always a miracle if you're alive, know that!”
“If after I die, people want to write my biography, there is nothing simpler. They only need two dates: the date of my birth and the date of my death. Between one and another, every day is mine.”
“If all the women over the world have been permitted to be married to only one man, except one woman. He'd love to marry that woman. That is the imprint of man”
“If an encounter with a person doesn't feel right, probably it's not right.”
“If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.”
“If children were brought into the world by an act of pure reason alone, would the human race continue to exist? Would not a man rather have so much sympathy with the coming generation as to spare it the burden of existence, or at any rate not take it upon himself to impose that burden upon it in cold blood?”
“If consumption is a main goal in life, labor has become a painful gate to buying things, which are often unnecessary or totally useless. "Sorry, insufficient funds, goodbye!".”
“If difficult decisions were easy, everypne would make them.”
“If disappointments from the past keep distracting you from moving forward in life, find better ways to overcome. Yes, disappointments will occur. Broken dreams will be real from time to time. But never, ever, ever, ever conclude your life based on your past. You can still prosper. Let go of your painful past. Do what sets your soul on fire and you will live a better life.”
“If dust falls into our eyes, removing the dust is vision but removing the eyes is blind”
“If everyone treated you right, you would not know your true worth in life. Your true worth is fully understood when you are able to stand, even after you have gone through the worst. That is why forgiveness is so important.”
“If experience is the best teacher, there's nothing that comes close to the experience of life.”
“If fate doesn't make you laugh, you just don't get the joke.”
“If forgiveness is forbidden in your heart, forget about living a peaceful life.”
“If her enemies were Brigan's friends and her friends were Brigan's enemies, then the two of them could walk through the world arm in arm and never be hit by arrows again.”
“If it didn't come with being humiliated, it wouldn't be my life at all.”
“If it so happens that it rains so badly in life, do not feel ashamed when you get wet. Life is like that. You cannot control everything that happens. There will be moments when you feel completely broken. Hang in there; do not allow the pain to make you feel helpless. One day, you will ride on the wings of greatness.”
“If leaders could inquire from their followers about their welfare and wellbeing before addressing them, their focus would change from only presenting speeches to implementing what is written in their speeches.”
“If leaders unite worldwide, the world will be a better place, because divisions subject people to pain and poverty.”
“If life gives you any trouble, punch it in the face.”
“If life is a journey, It can take you anywhere you wanna go.”
“If life is a prison, then some people are prisoners who have too much freedom.”
“If life was a product, the rich would remain alive. But it is a priceless gift. Hence, some are gone because life cannot be bought. It is only found in God, the Giver of Life.”
“If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.”
“If life's an exercise in making memories, no one really goes away as long as they are remembered. (The many deaths of Laila Starr)”
“If losing Sam had taught me anything, it was to seize life-seize everything it had to offer, including the tears, the anger and loss, but most of all, the laughter and the love. To just seize life. Because it was fleeting and it was fickle, and no one, not me or anyone I knew, had another day, let alone another second promised to them.”
“If love is a city, to enter it you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“If my answers frighten you then you should cease asking scary questions.”
“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”
“If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?”
“If nothing changes then nothing changes.”
“If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.”
“If one has no sense of humor, one is in trouble.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“If one wants to succeed in life be adaptable and unbreakable like fluids.”
“If one wants to succeed in life, they have to be adaptable and unbreakable as fluids.”
“If only it were possible to love without injury – fidelity isn’t enough: I had been faithful to Anne and yet I had injured her. The hurt is in the act of possession: we are too small in mind and body to possess another person without pride or to be possessed without humiliation. In a way I was glad that my wife had struck out at me again – I had forgotten her pain for too long, and this was the only kind of recompense I could give her. Unfortunately the innocent are always involved in any conflict. Always, everywhere, there is some voice crying from a tower. ”
“If only our lives had background music.”
“If only you would realize some day, how much have you hurt me, If only your heart ever, craves for me or my presence… If only you feel that love again someday for me, If only you are affected someday by my absence… Only you can end all my suffering and this unbearable pain, If only you would know what you could never procure… If only you go through the memories of past once again, Since the day you left my heart has bled, no one has its cure… If only you would bring that love, those showers and that rain… If only you would come back and see what damage you create, I’ve been waiting for your return since forever more… If only you would see the woman that you have made, You said we cannot sail through, how were you so sure? If only you can feel the old things that can never fade, You may have moved on, but a piece of my heart is still with you… I know how I’ve come so far alone; I know how I’m able to wade, People say that I’m insane and you won’t ever come back again… Maybe you would have never made your separate way, Maybe you would have stayed with me and proved everyone wrong… If only you would know the pain of dying every day, If only you would feel the burden of smiling and being strong…”
“If other people do not understand our behavior—so what? Their request that we must only do what they understand is an attempt to dictate to us. If this is being "asocial" or "irrational" in their eyes, so be it. Mostly they resent our freedom and our courage to be ourselves. We owe nobody an explanation or an accounting, as long as our acts do not hurt or infringe on them. How many lives have been ruined by this need to "explain," which usually implies that the explanation be "understood," i.e. approved. Let your deeds be judged, and from your deeds, your real intentions, but know that a free person owes an explanation only to himself—to his reason and his conscience—and to the few who may have a justified claim for explanation.”
“If others tell us something we make assumptions, and if they don't tell us something we make assumptions to fulfill our need to know and to replace the need to communicate. Even if we hear something and we don't understand we make assumptions about what it means and then believe the assumptions. We make all sorts of assumptions because we don't have the courage to ask questions.”
“If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.”
“If people haven't walked a mile in your shoes, don't listen to them if they mock the sores on your feet.”
“If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.”
“If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.”
“If perception is limited, why do so many almost sacrifice their lives to satisfy it?”
“If reality is not what you want it to be, change it.”
“If roses tried to be sunflowers, they would lose their beauty; and if sunflowers tried to be roses, they would lose their strength.”
“If roses were not special weeds would not envy them.”
“If she gave yo now, without confronting Hal, it would all have been for nothing. He would continue to live in a world without consequences, a world where men like him hurt girls like her, then shook them off like they were dust underneath their shoes ..”
“If skies became the canvas, if oceans became the ink, would it still be enough to describe the beauty of dance?”
“If someone does not appreciate you, let them go. They need to learn lessons that you cannot teach them.”
“If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings.”
“If someone has decided to walk away from you. Then accept it and start walking away from them too.”
“If someone told me that I could live my life again free of depression provided I was willing to give up the gifts depression has given me--the depth of awareness, the expanded consciousness, the increased sensitivity, the awareness of limitation, the tenderness of love, the meaning of friendship, the apreciation of life, the joy of a passionate heart--I would say, 'This is a Faustian bargain! Give me my depressions. Let the darkness descend. But do not take away the gifts that depression, with the help of some unseen hand, has dredged up from the deep ocean of my soul and strewn along the shores of my life. I can endure darkness if I must; but I cannot lie without these gifts. I cannot live without my soul.' (p. 188)”
“If something doesn't work exactly right, or maybe needs some special treatment, you don't just throw it away. Everything can't be fully operational all the time. Sometimes, we need to have the patience to give something the little nudge it needs.”
“If sorrow is written in your fate, the reason would not necessarily be analytical”
“If success is to be drawn from the well of life, the rope of hard work must be strong.”
“If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“If the one you love when you close your eyes, is the one you adore when they open, you are living the dream.”
“If the path before you is clear, you're probably on someone else's.”
“If the people around us are supportive, life becomes easy. If they’re toxic, life becomes hard. Easy or hard, life can change in a moment and that moment may come anytime. Change claws its way out, anyhow. Nothing is constant here.”
“If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution.”
“If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning: just as, if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes, we should never know it was dark. Dark would be without meaning.”
“If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.”
“If there be light, then there is darkness; if cold, heat; if height, depth; if solid, fluid; if hard, soft; if rough, smooth; if calm, tempest; if prosperity, adversity; if life, death.”
“If there is anything you need to do, it is to find it in your heart to forgive yourself and those who have wronged you in the past.”
“If there is no love in the world, we will make a new world, and we will give it walls, and we will furnish it with soft, red interiors, from the inside out, and give it a knocker that resonates like a diamond falling to a jeweller's felt so that we should never hear it. Love me, because love doesn't exist, and I have tried everything that does.”
“If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life.”
“If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”
“If there were such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood.”
“If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.”
“If there's a thing I've learned in my life it's to not be afraid of the responsibility that comes with caring for other people. What we do for love: those things endure. Even if the people you do them for don't”
“If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn't make it so. Words and thoughts don’t change anything. Language and reality are kept strictly apart — reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn't care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn't. You deal with it, and you get on with your life.”
“If they are not loyal to you in your absence, then they are not loyal to you at all.”
“If they can’t get to Europe, they’ll find their way to a local theme-park Eiffel Tower. Even a place that we write off as “inauthentic,” they realize, can arouse emotions that are entirely authentic.”
“If they don't consider your needs, they aren’t your real friends.”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“If this book has a lesson, it is that we are awfully lucky to be here-and by 'we' I mean every living thing. To attain any kind of life in this universe of ours appears to be quite an achievement. As humans we are doubly lucky, of course: We enjoy not only the privilege of existence but also the singular ability to appreciate it and even, in a multitude of ways, to make it better. It is a talent we have only barely begun to grasp.”
“If this journey has taught me anything, it is that sometimes in life you have to stand up for what you believe in, and for what you feel in your gut. Sure, it can be scary, and it requires some courage at times, but worthwhile things never come easy. And the best things in life always require a ‘never say die’ attitude.”
“If this were a novel, I'd stop reading right now. I'd throw it across the room.”
“If truth is the best form of honor, success is the best form of justice.”
“If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.”
“If we are not apt to steer our life and engineer our individuality, we become preys of the pecking order or panting cardboard characters turning into walking dead. ("Terra incognita" )”
“If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.”
“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome." [ Meditations Divine and Moral ]”
“If we keep going in a straight line we'll get out of here. Walking one foot in front of the other, in the same direction, will always get you further than running around in circles. It's about the determination to keep walking forward.”
“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
“If we only see things through the cold-eyed lens of factuality and don’t listen to the yearning and screaming of unexpressed feelings, life may remain bleak in a mire of clinical hollowness, sodden in apathy and indifference. ("Morning after")”
“If we react to disruptions fearfully or habitually, or even non-strategically, then it’s almost impossible to achieve holistic wealth.”
“If what you want is what you cannot do without, then you will not be without it.”
“If you Seek you shall Find  Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“If you aim to be something you are not, you will always fail. Aim to be you. Aim to look and act and think like you. Aim to be the truest version of you. Embrace that you-ness. Endorse it. Love it. Work hard at it. And don't give a second thought when people mock it or ridicule it. Most gossip is envy in disguise.”
“If you allow them to hurt you. Then they will continue hurting you.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“If you always think of ways to succeed, you will find ways to succeed. In life, everything begins with how you think.”
“If you are a passenger in life, then life will decide your destination. If you are the driver of your life, then you will decide its destination”
“If you are at the top, or at the position of authority or you are at the position to make or break something of yours or others. Remember doing good is a choice so is helping people in a way that makes them grow or helps them heal. Such a way that the wound is healed for which people remember you forever! On a road to life, one must ride with humility, empathy, and try to be a part of people's success, healing, or growth story. The world already has the negative so let's now change the way the world has handed over to us and heal what is wounded, repair what is broken, and attach with what is detached.”
“If you are attentive and focused enough, you can easily become your own tutor. Even the hunter is the hunted.”
“If you are beautiful on the outside, people's eyes are on you but if you are beautiful on the inside, people's hearts are on you.”
“If you are constantly faced with closed and locked doors in life, maybe life wants you to develop a locksmith skill!”
“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”
“If you are good, people will criticize you. If you are bad, people will criticize you. If you are both good and bad, people will still criticize you. Therefore, don’t waste your life trying to please anyone.”
“If you are kind to just yourself and not others then you are not a kind person.”
“If you are not a boring person, life is unlikely to be boring!”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“If you are not traveling, you are living in a deep well, and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but you also don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“If you are not travelling, you are living in a deep well and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but also you don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“If you are objective enough to evaluate your journey through life, you will come to the right conclusions about who you are.”
“If you are paying money to see how other people are living. Then know that you are privileged.”
“If you are trying to intervene in someone's life, you must leave yours. Your mind can't be present in two bodies.”
“If you are uncomfortable in your own skin. You'll settle to be in anyone's arms, And this is how you suffocate and this is how you disappear.”
“If you are waiting for approval to live your life, I am sorry none is forthcoming”
“If you are waiting for the perfect spouse, you are waiting for the perfect disappointment.”
“If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.”
“If you base your worth on other people's opinion of you, you will be worth little or nothing by the time you encounter your first critic.”
“If you behave like 'Sheep', the other's will eat you. But if you roar like 'Lion', others will afraid of you!”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“If you build a road in the desert and then leave it to its fate, the desert sands will swallow that road! The same thing happens in life, if you don't protect the things you've built, life will swallow them!”
“If you call someone special then treat them specially.”
“If you can dream it, think about it, visualize it, then you can manifest it.”
“If you can endure the process and look back with a clear thought process, you will realize that some of life's best lessons came from a place where you were rejected.”
“If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you, If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too; If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, Or being lied about, don't deal in lies, Or being hated, don't give way to hating, And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise If you can dream - and not make dreams your master; If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim; If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster And treat those two impostors just the same; If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken, And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools If you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss, And lose, and start again at your beginnings And never breathe a word about your loss; If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew To serve your turn long after they are gone, And so hold on when there is nothing in you Except the will which says to them: 'Hold on!' If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch, If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you, If all men count with you, but none too much; If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds' worth of distance run, Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!”
“If you can remain calm and positive in dark times, there will always be sunshine in your life.”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live”
“If you can still breathe, God still has a purpose for you. If you are still living, then it's not over yet.”
“If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.”
“If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.”
“If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.”
“If you can't do anything about it, laugh like hell.”
“If you can't take your eyes off other lives, then your own life turns into a pale ghost!”
“If you can, get rid of all your stupid money and career ambitions and sit on the beach on a quiet night and watch the full moon! You've been running around all your life and you missed the real beauties of this world! Now focus on these true treasures of life!”
“If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.”
“If you cannot forgive others, what makes you think you deserve forgiveness?”
“If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community where you live  and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities”
“If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?”
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“If you care about something you have to protect it – If you’re lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.”
“If you constantly look stupid somewhere, you might be a genius but in the wrong place. Average minds fit in anywhere, It’s intelligence that doesn’t fit.”
“If you derive joy in destroying others, you won't go far in life.”
“If you desire inner peace, you need to get rid of what depletes it. First and foremost, you need to forgive. Then you can find peace.”
“If you desire to win big in life, forgive others.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“If you do not forgive, you will continue to live in bondage while those who wronged you continue to live in peace.”
“If you do not have control over your mouth, you will not have control over your future.”
“If you do not mingle with the right people, your status will never rise. If you mingle with cheap people, you will appear cheap, and if you mingle with rich people, you will appear rich even if you are poor.”
“If you don't eat pussy, keep walking.”
“If you don't encounter the life in scriptures through the Holy Spirit you will not be empowered to live the LIFE of scriptures.”
“If you don't fear your diminishing kindness then there is nothing as dark and lethal as you.”
“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it. If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less. You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here. Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”
“If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there”
“If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.”
“If you don't learn to laugh at life it'll surely kill you, that I know.”
“If you don't like me, don't stay with me. Keep it simple.”
“If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.”
“If you don't take action today you are failing to reach your goals and ultimately failing to create your life as you imagined it would be. You, me, or anyone out there, no one is aware of their future but what they are aware of is their present along with their preparation. You would need to build yourself brick by brick, growing your wall measuring feet after feet by laying a strong foundation of belief within yourself that no flood can wash away your dreams. You fall, you brush up, you get up, you look forward and rise back!”
“If you don’t choose to find joy in today, what makes you think you’ll find it in any of your tomorrows?”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”
“If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.”
“If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.”
“If you envy successful people, you create a negative force field of attraction that repels you from ever doing the things that you need to do to be successful. If you admire successful people, you create a positive force field of attraction that draws you toward becoming more and more like the kinds of people that you want to be like.”
“If you fall in love with the life, you don't need marriage services.”
“If you feel alone in society, then don't feel down because topper always one in whole class..”
“If you find yourself constantly overwhelmed by negative thinking and feeling, find a balance between what's not worth your energy and what needs healing. - Charlie Prince”
“If you find yourself easily provoked, then just change the channel.”
“If you focus on people who hate you, want to discredit you, and yet wish to be you, you encourage the negativity in the universe”
“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
“If you give love, you deserve to get love.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped a few, you grasped something." I once read! [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good or bad of you; give em something to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped a few, you grasped something." I once read! [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always, whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always, whether they like you or not; whether they think good, or bad of you. The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. So give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you had asked me to stop breathing, I would have complied without complaining. But not loving you is not an option.”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“If you have ever come up against Nothing you have no idea how it can scare you out of your wits. When I was a child I used to be afraid of Something in the dark. I know now that the most fearful thing about the dark is that we may find Nothing in it.”
“If you have imaginary ants in your mind, you will see them in your food as well.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“If you have the capacity to change the path you walk at every stage of your life, then you have the skill and courage to stay safe in every moment of your life because if the path you walk suddenly turns messy, you can take a completely different path!”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“If you have to choose between caring too much and not caring, then choose over caring because that's not bad guilt to have.”
“If you haven't confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started. ”
“If you haven't lived a hard life, you should get into the life stories of those who have had a hard life! Far beyond gaining wisdom and facing the truth, this is the best way to create the spark and anger in your soul to be able to change those sad truths!”
“If you invest nothing, the reward is worth little.”
“If you keep questioning everything that happens to you in life, you will destroy yourself. Sometimes all you need to do is leave everything to God and believe He's capable of giving you the best life.”
“If you kick a lion when it is down, God help you when it gets up.”
“If you know someone who’s depressed, please resolve never to ask them why. Depression isn’t a straightforward response to a bad situation; depression just is, like the weather. Try to understand the blackness, lethargy, hopelessness, and loneliness they’re going through. Be there for them when they come through the other side. It’s hard to be a friend to someone who’s depressed, but it is one of the kindest, noblest, and best things you will ever do.”
“If you know them better than they know themselves, then you deserve them.”
“If you know who you are, no one can convince you to be who you are not.”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“If you learn to really sit with loneliness and embrace it for the gift that it is…an opportunity to get to know YOU, to learn how strong you really are, to depend on no one but YOU for your happiness…you will realize that a little loneliness goes a LONG way in creating a richer, deeper, more vibrant and colorful YOU.”
“If you learn to use the tools of body, mind, emotions, and energy by choice, you will naturally become a very impactful human being.”
“If you let someone disrespect you, you don't respect yourself.”
“If you listened to every pang, you wouldn't get anywhere in life”
“If you live each day as it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right”
“If you look far in your life and think that the roads in front of you are always open, you are definitely wrong!”
“If you love deeply, you're going to get hurt badly. But it's still worth it.”
“If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.”
“If you love yourself, then you have one of the greatest psychological support for every challenge you face in life!”
“If you need immortality, then don't be afraid of fire”
“If you need peace of mind, never mind what people do to you. Mind what you need to do for yourself. Forgive them and do good for your own sake.”
“If you need something from somebody always give that person a way to hand it to you.”
“If you only shine light on your flaws, all your perfects will dim.”
“If you press grapes, wine will pour out; if you crush roses, perfume will pour out; if you afflict the talented, genius will pour out.”
“If you really care about something keep it private”
“If you remember only bad and not any good, then the problem is with you.”
“If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you'll spend your life completely wasting your time. You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don't like doing, which is stupid.”
“If you see a person who is completely devoid of worries about life, check if he is human!”
“If you see the dragon fly, best you drink the flagon dry.” —Zarost”
“If you seek a life of harmony, you must alter your current practices”
“If you sit down and think about it sensibly , you come up with some very funny ideas. Like: why make people inquisitive, and then put some forbidden fruit where they can see it with a big neon finger flashing on and off saying 'THIS IS IT!'?   I mean, why do that if you really don't want them to eat it, eh? I mean, maybe you just want to see how it all turns out. Maybe it's all part of a great big ineffable plan. All of it. You, me, him, everything. Some great big test to see if what you've built all works properly, eh? You start thinking: it can't be a great cosmic game of chess, it has to be just very complicated Solitaire.”
“If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.”
“If you spend your life sparing people’s feelings and feeding their vanity, you get so you can’t distinguish what should be respected in them.”
“If you stand a little far from the fire you will receive heat and light, if you go too close you will burn! Everything you will experience in life is like this fire; if you can adjust the distance or dose you can benefit from everything or be safe from everything!”
“If you stay aligned with your inner child, you’ll always feel forever young.”
“If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band, go with you to New York. But if you need me to go away, I'll do that, too. I was talking to Liz and she said maybe coming back to your old life would be too painful, that maybe it'd be easier for you to erase us. And that would suck, but I'd do it. I can lose you like that if I don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.”
“If you strip a man of all his material possessions, what he has left shows you his true riches.”
“If you strip a man of all his material possessions; what he has leftover shows you his true riches.”
“If you take away different religions or opinions, then the world will become a boring place. People have to keep arguing to make life worth living.”
“If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.”
“If you think life is taking too much from you, it's only because you allow it.”
“If you think something is missing in your life, it is probably YOU ”
“If you think you must wait for an apology to forgive, you may not have that chance. Just forgive and find the peace you need.”
“If you trust the wrong person so much how much will you trust the right one”
“If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.”
“If you understand that life is a game, it means that you are a skilled player. You know it's time to let go. Loosen your grip, get up, get off the stage, walk away. Life is a stifling, endless, infamous match. And between the pawn and the king, in the final challenge, there's not that much difference”
“If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.”
“If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won.”
“If you want a better life. Work, success doesn't come by itself. Enjoy the ride.”
“If you want a life of success, you should be ready to make the necessary sacrifices.”
“If you want a valuable life, ensure that whosoever is part of your inner circle protects your peace of mind and adds value in their own right.”
“If you want a well to be clean, you must frequently draw out the dirty water. When you forgive, you are like a person who keeps a well clean.”
“If you want attention or engagement on social media. Say anything about men or to men. The word men is used as a trigger these days.”
“If you want light in your life but can’t find it anywhere. Maybe, you’ve to be the light yourself.”
“If you want me to continue doing good for you. Then be appreciative of the things I do for you.”
“If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. ”
“If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it. Go ahead!”
“If you want to Entertain, the Mockery of human rights, double standard and selfishness UN is the Best Show, with great actors”
“If you want to be a doormat you have to lay yourself down first.”
“If you want to be a grocer, or a general, or a politician, or a judge, you will invariably become it; that is your punishment. If you never know what you want to be, if you live what some might call the dynamic life but what I will call the artistic life, if each day you are unsure of who you are and what you know you will never become anything, and that is your reward.”
“If you want to be a new man you have to stay in new places, and do new things, with people who never knew you before. If you go back to the same old ways, what else can you be but the same old person?”
“If you want to be free, forgive!”
“If you want to be happy in life, embrace pain, for it is proportional to happiness.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
“If you want to be made whole, forgive and do not hold grudges.”
“If you want to be respected by your younger ones, learn to respect your elders.”
“If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule: Never lie to yourself!”
“If you want to be what you are not, you must do that which you have not heretofore done!”
“If you want to change your life, you must be willing to do two things that are critical. Firstly, change your mind and secondly, discard what does not produce the desired results.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”
“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.”
“If you want to heal for real, forgive.”
“If you want to identify me, ask me not where I live, or what I like to eat, or how I comb my hair, but ask me what I am living for, in detail, ask me what I think is keeping me from living fully for the thing I want to live for.”
“If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.”
“If you want to live a good life, make forgiveness a great deal in your life.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.”
“If you want to make a difference in life, do not be terrified of change. It will position you in a higher dimension.”
“If you want to make a difference, you must live like no one else and strive to achieve goals that others view as impossible to reach.”
“If you want to make money, know the business; but if you want to make a fortune, know yourself.”
“If you want to succeed in the world you must make your own opportunities as you go on. The man who waits for some seventh wave to toss him on dry land will find that the seventh wave is a long time a-coming. You can commit no greater folly than to sit by the road side until someone comes along and invites you to ride with him to wealth or influence”
“If you want to take the train, you have to give up the station! To do something in life, you must give up at least one thing!”
“If you want to triumph in life, you must persevere.”
“If you want to turn your life around, start enjoying the little things in life with a big, big smile.”
“If you want to win in 2023, sow a good seed, conquer the urge to be seen, work on what is within and grow a thick skin.”
“If you wish Allah to accept it, let your heart bring it to Allah.”
“If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.”
“If you're 'Blind' from your eyes still you can see & feel the pain' & happiness of everything. But if you're Blind from your inner self, though you have the eyes - everything seems a lie, negative to you. "People should have thier inner eye's open by the education and react. Then only, we can be a part of 'Crime free & true human|nature society' someday.”
“If you're afraid of everyone leaving you, what do you do?" Make them stay." And if you can't do that, or don't know how to?" Ellie shrugged. "I don't know." Yes, you do. In fact, you've done it. You leave first," Coop said, "so you don't have to watch them walk away.”
“If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.”
“If you're living a good life, the most important question here is: Did you deserve it? If you're living a bad life, the most important question here is: Did you deserve it?”
“If you're looking for something extraordinary to change your life, you should be on the move, just like a river! If you stay where you are like a lake, nothing will change in your life, you will remain like a lake!”
“If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.”
“If you're not scared, you're not brave.”
“If you're reading this  Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“If you're starting to take seriously a mysterious voice inside you that says you have to do something more difficult and more important than your simple life of making money, eating, drinking and being happy, then you are on the right path, my friend!”
“If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like.”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“If your are confused! about the society, community, peoples or locality. Just silently observe how they are treating their stary animals or with other people. Who are weak in financial status or in crysis.”
“If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for to the creator there is no poverty and no poor indifferent place.”
“If your political career ever forces you to choose between the action to benefit yourself or government, over the people, I suggest a new profession.” -Johnathon Roberts”
“If your thought doesn’t open the gates of kindness, it isn’t going to take you anywhere.”
“If your words are kind but your actions are cruel, then you are just a manipulator.”
“If your words are negative, the results will follow suit. Listen to your thoughts!”
“If you’re all alone and miserable then you are definitely in a bad company.”
“If you’re having a bad day just realize that some days are bad and you can do nothing about them. Try to stay calm and remind yourself that it’s just a fleeting day and also a day to show yourself that you can face anything and come out of it, smiling.”
“If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”
“Ignorance is a fine line that separates right and wrong.”
“Ignorance is bliss, Knowledge is pain. To know is to grow, To grow is inconvenient.”
“Ignore those who resent you. Avoid those who begrudge you. Excuse those who envy you. Pity those who hate you.”
“Imagine how great life would be if we knew how to forgive ourselves for the hurt, we put ourselves through.”
“Imagine life is a game in which you are juggling five balls. The balls are called work, family, health, friends, and integrity. And you're keeping all of them in the air. But one day you finally come to understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.”
“Imagine no limitations; decide what's right and desirable before you decide what's possible.”
“Imagine your worst day, multiply it by a hundred, and pray to your God that you never experience what some of the people in this war zone go through, everyday, without any hope of it getting better. Ever. Compared to these people, every day, no matter how bad, is the best day ever. I know nothing about pain, nothing about suffering and hopefully never will.”
“Imitation is suicide.”
“Immerse yourself into yourself.”
“Impatience can teach us the lessons of patience better”
“In Self-improvement, Everyone will have varying degrees of ability for their capabilities, and everyone has a passion for doing something they love in life. You must set your goals and develop a plan to pursue them one step at a time. Positive habits will always bring prosperity, no matter how slow you go.”
“In a crystalline corner of your heart, keep a Smile for the days gone by. To every soul, who is wondering how is Life passing by, and somehow feel suffocated in a long lost world of words and thoughts, Remember every flower blooms at its own time. Whatever it is that you wish to accomplish, remember that it takes Time and an immense amount of energy and will power to make that happen. Most people don't even find it conducive to dream, let alone following it. Some settle down with what Life throws at them, while some opt for the lesser options that suit their needs. But the ones, who burn with their dreams, who hold on to that invisible yet palpable string of Faith, eventually always finds what they seek, because the truth is what you're seeking is already yours. Until then, don't mind about the Time, because Time has a way of Smiling back in a garland of moments and memories. And if you're ever faced with a question on losing Time and not settling down (in love or career or anything of Life) like the majority of folk around, remind yourself what you seek, embrace your Soul and walk on to rise in your chosen path. You haven't lost Time, you have just not found your Season yet. Until then, water the root of your Soul with the Sunshine of Kindness & Grace. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“In a higher phase of communist society, after the enslaving subordination of the individual to the division of labor, and therewith also the antithesis between mental and physical labor, has vanished; after labor has become not only a means of life but life's prime want; after the productive forces have also increased with the all-around development of the individual, and all the springs of co-operative wealth flow more abundantly—only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be crossed in its entirety and society inscribe on its banners: From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs!”
“In a time of destruction, create something.”
“In a way it's not bad to realize that things can never be the same again.”
“In a world preponderantly bestrided by inconsiderate ‎and narcissistic personages, a candid creature can be ‎deftly swindled for all intents and purposes by the ‎disingenuous crocodiles. So, always be critical of analysing ‎homo sapiens antecedent to getting acquainted owing to ‎the verity that even poisons have a sweet flavour. ‎”
“In a world that avoids suffering at all costs, the Cross offers a different view.”
“In a world where people see revenge as an ultimate accomplishment, choose to be forgiving.”
“In addition to my new outlook on life, in some absurdly simple way, Anissa gave me several new reasons to live. Above all, I had to see her again and find out what, if anything, would happen between her and me.”
“In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.”
“In an effort to preserve what little sanity I have left, I’ve decided to replace all of my anxiety and emotions with sarcasm and humor.”
“In as much time as it takes to smoke a cigarette, a person's life was changed forever.”
“In breaking away from the familiar and the expected, you'll be forced and privileged to face greater challenges, learn harder lessons, and really get to know yourself.”
“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”
“In contrast, the gratification and education received from Sanjit’s classes is slow burning, personal, and in a changing world allegedly becoming more attuned to and obsessed with requiring that money spent – especially on education – must yield tangible results, what many would view as a paradoxical dynamic nevertheless persists there, near Park Circus, Kolkata. No grades, no forced accountability, all voluntary learning.”
“In contravention of my belief that any life ending in death is essentially pointless, I needed my friends to open up that plastic bag and take one last look at me. Someone had to remember me, if only for a few more minutes in the vast silent waiting room of time.”
“In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.”
“In every experience, a lesson. In every lesson, Love.”
“In every fallen star, in every fallen tear, in every courageou s heart love lead truth through fear is the reason we breath. So live out loud let your voice rise let it soar through clouds let it break the sky to show we are united.”
“In every way that counted, I was dead. Inside somewhere maybe I was screaming and weeping and howling like an animal, but that was another person deep inside, another person who had no access to the lips and face and mouth and head, so on the surface I just shrugged and smile and kept moving. If I could have physically passed away, just let it all go, like that, without doing anything, stepped out of life as easily as walking through a door I would have done. But I was going to sleep at night and waking in the morning, disappointed to be there and resigned to existence.”
“In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.”
“In everything, You must do what is right for you , because those you thought they care. Might be the ones indirectly fighting you .The ones who are plotting against you and the ones who are setting you up for failure. Most people if not all don’t really care if they are not benefiting from you.”
“In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.”
“In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”
“In fact, it comes to this: nobody is capable of really thinking about anyone, even in the worst calamity. For really to think about someone means thinking about that person every minute of the day, without letting one’s thoughts be diverted by anything- by meals, by a fly that settles on one’s cheek, by household duties, or by a sudden itch somewhere. But there are always flies and itches. That’s why life is difficult to live.”
“In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life, the pricesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs.”
“In generations to come, all thinking will be called overthinking. Everything will be left to fortune to decide, exploring the spiritual realm, thus allowing our imagination to do its job.”
“In heaven an angel is no one in particular.”
“In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.”
“In leadership, some decisions are hard to make, but that is what leadership is all about. It is about making the hardest decisions and facing the harshest conditions to improve the followers’ living conditions.”
“In life there are two things which are dependable. The pleasures of the flesh and the pleasures of literature.”
“In life, God is like the director of a film. He knows when to change scenes. Do not just rewrite the script without consulting Him. It is crucial to listen to what He directs you to do in Spirit. That being said, remember that life is not a film. You cannot repeat or undo scenes. There will be no audience to watch all the time, but He will. So, whatever you do, do it knowing that He who is unseen is watching.”
“In life, I am harmless, not heartless. At times, I feel hopeless. But in the end, I am never helpless.”
“In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.”
“In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.”
“In life, some questions do not require you to get answers from outside. They need you to search on the inside.”
“In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.”
“In life, we go through unexpected challenges that arises in our journey in succeeding, do not let any negativity taint your life with any misleading directions. Let the rejoice of your journey be with you all times, with the power of your soul and heart can combat any obstacle with time and gradual patience”
“In life, you have to take everything seriously, but nothing personal.”
“In life, you must always be your own hero so that you will be able to accomplish more than you are .”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance, you must be absolutely certain that they have replied "I love you back" and not "I love your back" before you continue the conversation.”
“In magic - and in life - there is only the present moment, the now. You can't measure time the way you measure the distance between two points. 'Time' doesn't pass. We human beings have enormous difficulty in focusing on the present; we're always thinking about what we did, about how we could have done it better, about the consequences of our actions, and about why we didn't act as we should have. Or else we think about the future, about what we're going to do tomorrow, what precautions we should take, what dangers await us around the next corner, how to avoid what we don't want and how to get what we have always dreamed of.”
“In moments of pleasure and pain, during a celebration or a state of calm, when love arrives or says goodbye, evolve with a dance.”
“In moments of sorrow, sway, when searching for answers, sway, when broken is the heart, sway, and allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“In my end is my beginning.”
“In my journey through the ever-changing seasons of life, I have learnt that winter is inevitably followed by a gorgeous spring and every spell of rain gives way to brilliant sunshine. What’s more, I have learnt that winter snow and drenching showers can be beautiful too. We just need the right eyes to look at them.”
“In my many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame, two is a law firm, and three or more is a congress.”
“In my time, I've written some books & essays, and I've loved, and I love still.”
“In my world, you don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and be against common-sense gun control — like banning public access to the kind of semiautomatic assault rifle, designed for warfare, that was used recently in a Colorado theater. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and want to shut down the Environmental Protection Agency, which ensures clean air and clean water, prevents childhood asthma, preserves biodiversity and combats climate change that could disrupt every life on the planet. You don’t get to call yourself “pro-life” and oppose programs like Head Start that provide basic education, health and nutrition for the most disadvantaged children The term “pro-life” should be a shorthand for respect for the sanctity of life. But I will not let that label apply to people for whom sanctity for life begins at conception and ends at birth. What about the rest of life? Respect for the sanctity of life, if you believe that it begins at conception, cannot end at birth.”
“In one drop of water are found all the secrets of all the oceans; in one aspect of You are found all the aspects of existence.”
“In order to achieve something you’ve never achieved before, you have to become someone you’ve never been before.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“In order to move on, you must understand why you felt what you did and why you no longer need to feel it.”
“In other words, it was a struggle with himself. And the product of that struggle: anger, bitterness, resentment, envy or transformation, aspiration, hope, decency..the product of that struggle is the quality of your life and the nature of your soul.”
“In our generation, we are advised to focus only on the present moment. But it's history that will take you back to your roots.”
“In our hearts we all know if we are right or wrong.”
“In reality, we do not believe in reality, we believe in the illusion of reality.”
“In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.”
“In some ways I’m like a picture that hasn’t been colored in yet.”
“In stature arise those whose spirit moves to the melody, even the flow of time pauses for a glimpse when combine dance and life’s mysteries.”
“In the Book of Life, The answers aren't in the back.”
“In the South American rainforest, there is a tribe called the Desana, who see the world as a fixed quantity of energy that flows between all creatures. Every birth must therefore engender a death, and every death brings forth another birth. This way, the energy of the world remains complete. When they hunt for food, the Desana know the animals they kill will leave a hole in the spiritual well. But that hole will be filled, they believe, by the Desana hunters when they die. Were there no men dying, there would be no birds or fish being born. I like this idea. Morrie likes it, too. The closer he gets to goodbye, the more he seems to feel we are all creatures in the same forest. What we take, we must replenish. "It's only fair," he says.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, bitterness takes precedence and where there is bitterness, there is an absence of abundance.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, happiness also becomes absent.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, the heart suffers.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, the offended become oppressed.”
“In the architecture of their life some may display Potemkin happiness in view of hiding the dark features of their fair weather relationship, preferring to set up a window dressing of fake satisfaction rather than being rejected as emotional outcasts. ("Absence of beauty was like hell")”
“In the back of my head I knew that life didn’t work that way, in phases of good and bad, and that good and bad usually occurred at the same time.”
“In the beginning the Poets and Philosophers taught the world to see. Then after that any form of education was no longer free.”
“In the case of seeking knowledge, don't do it to brag and don't give up because you think you are not worthy of becoming wise in life. Never underestimate yourself.”
“In the end things must be as they are and have always been--the great things remain for the great, the abysses for the profound, the delicacies and thrills for the refined, and, to sum up shortly, everything rare for the rare.”
“In the end, all things shall come to an end, but God shall not. That is why He can be trusted.”
“In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.”
“In the end, the world always wins. That's just the way of things.”
“In the essence of a human, all it needs is food, water, protected space to develop naturally, and sex to maintain evolution. Most of what the human mind does is poison its food and sewage, limit the protected space through greed, and confuse sexuality with the price of evolution.”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“In the game of life, boundaries and rules are the playbook that empowers us to play strategically, adapt to challenges, and emerge as winners in our chosen fields.”
“In the graceful symphony of existence, life pirouettes with the enchanting rhythm of impermanence. Embracing the present moment reveals the spellbinding wonders that unfurl before us. Releasing the shackles of past and future attachments liberates our spirits to marvel at the kaleidoscope of ever-evolving moments. Cheers to embracing the vibrant tapestry of life, living wholeheartedly in the here and now!”
“In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn't creak.”
“In the journey of life, embracing change becomes a profound teacher. By accepting its presence, we open ourselves to growth, resilience, and the infinite potential that lies within transformation.”
“In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“In the jungle some animals are given certain gifts and abilities to survive. As humans we have special gifts and abilities to help us survive in this worldly jungle.”
“In the life of everyone there is a limited number of experiences which are not written upon the memory, but stamped there with a die; and in the long years after, they can be called up in detail, and every emotion that was stirred by them can be lived through anew; these are the tragedies of life.”
“In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.”
“In the metaverse, the truth will be essential to our existence.”
“In the midst of life, we are in death.”
“In the modern world, there is a tendency to be required to surrender one's life more and more, giving autonomy over personal destiny to others and society.”
“In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”
“In the presence of forgiveness, liberty reigns.”
“In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the VERY long term, I know which will make better memories.”
“In the symphony of life, knowing when to heed the wisdom of experts and when to lend an ear to the collective voices of people is the art of harmony.”
“In the universe of atoms, friction is the norm, not the exception. It's this very opposition, this challenge, that ignites the spark of innovation. When the world seems against you, embrace that resistance. It's the sandpaper to your innovation, the very friction that shapes your destiny. Never stop pushing. Never stop dreaming. Here's to the crazy ones who use that friction to sculpt their future.”
“In the year 2025, the best men don't run for president, they run for their lives. . . .”
“In their quest for wisdom, wise leaders surround themselves with wise advisors and they listen to wise counsel.”
“In this dark age, parents also give utmost importance to the child who is most successful in life. So what can we expect from others?”
“In this here place, we flesh; flesh that weeps, laughs; flesh that dances on bare feet in grass. Love it. Love it hard. Yonder they do not love your flesh. They despise it. They don't love your eyes; they'd just as soon pick em out. No more do they love the skin on your back. Yonder they flay it. And O my people they do not love your hands. Those they only use, tie, bind, chop off and leave empty. Love your hands! Love them. Raise them up and kiss them. Touch others with them, pat them together, stroke them on your face 'cause they don't love that either. You got to love it, you! And no, they ain't in love with your mouth. Yonder, out there, they will see it broken and break it again. What you say out of it they will not heed. What you scream from it they do not hear. What you put into it to nourish your body they will snatch away and give you leavins instead. No, they don't love your mouth. You got to love it. This is flesh I'm talking about here. Flesh that needs to be loved. Feet that need to rest and to dance; backs that need support; shoulders that need arms, strong arms I'm telling you. And O my people, out yonder, hear me, they do not love your neck unnoosed and straight. So love your neck; put a hand on it, grace it, stroke it and hold it up. and all your inside parts that they'd just as soon slop for hogs, you got to love them. The dark, dark liver--love it, love it and the beat and beating heart, love that too. More than eyes or feet. More than lungs that have yet to draw free air. More than your life-holding womb and your life-giving private parts, hear me now, love your heart. For this is the prize.”
“In this life I've learned, that I had to 'SEE' myself to truly be seen.”
“In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.”
“In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.”
“In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.”
“In this lifetime we meet and part like passing clouds”
“In this world of interdependence, opposite emotions are also connected. As William Blake put it "joy and woe are woven fine". I know this because one of the reasons I love life is because I was once suicidal. I have sincerely known moments of content in my life for having gone through years of hell.”
“In this world, there will always be truths that will be covered. There will always be wrongdoings that we need to right ourselves.”
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.”
“In weak moments today, don't do anything that will make you look weaker in the future.”
“In what world To live? What love To give? Is it worthy? Or will it break My heart? Everyone Seems to be Secretly evil And to try To disguise The truth With lies; It’s disappointing But still I see Something different In you; I find hope And I fall In love”
“In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.”
“In your exploration, observe, analyse, reflect, and beware.”
“In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.”
“In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.”
“Inclusive leadership creates enough room for community involvement.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“Indeed, even if one masters the skill, there's always a room for advancement.”
“Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”
“Infinite beauty, infinite adventure, infinite love— this is the realm of Creativity.”
“Infinite particles found in stars- Fragments, beaming of light, pouring forth through the sun. Grains of sand blown by the wind, along with blades of grass and prickly ash from our Earth. We fly as an eagle- soaring, and with the night, we come to be awakened by the morning light. Glorious life, here we meet and here, we are One as our hearts beat. I am grateful for the infinite, creative living force within all.”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.”
“Inside me there was everything I had believed was outside. There was, in particular, the sun, light, and all colors. There were even the shapes of objects and the distance between objects. Everything was there and movement as well… Light is an element that we carry inside us and which can grow there with as much abundance, variety, and intensity as it can outside of us…I could light myself…that is, I could create a light inside of me so alive, so large, and so near that my eyes, my physical eyes, or what remained of them, vibrated, almost to the point of hurting… God is there under a form that has the good luck to be neither religious, not intellectual, nor sentimental, but quite simply alive.”
“Inside of all of us there is the need and the desire to be heard, to have our innermost thoughts, feelings and desires expressed for others to hear, to see and to understand. We all want to matter to someone, to leave a mark. Writers just take those thoughts, feelings and desires and express them in such a way that the reader not only reads them but feels them as well.”
“Inspiration is the most cherished attribute of every generation.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Instructions for freedom": 1. Life's metaphors are God's instructions. 2. You have just climbed up and above the roof, there is nothing between you and the Infinite; now, let go. 3. The day is ending, it's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, let go. 4. Your wish for resolution was a prayer. You are being here is God's response, let go and watch the stars came out, in the inside and in the outside. 5. With all your heart ask for Grace and let go. 6. With all your heart forgive him, forgive yourself and let him go. 7. Let your intention be freedom from useless suffering then, let go. 8. Watch the heat of day pass into the cold night, let go. 9. When the Karma of a relationship is done, only Love remains. It's safe, let go. 10. When the past has past from you at last, let go.. then, climb down and begin the rest of your life with great joy.”
“Instructions for living a life. Pay attention. Be astonished. Tell about it.”
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Intelligence is not solely measured by what we know, but by our ability to adapt, learn, and solve the puzzles that life presents us.”
“Intelligent life on other planets? I'm not even sure there is on earth!”
“Intentions are often hidden inside patterns of behavior. Time is a good indicator of patterns.”
“Internal bleeding is more dangerous even joy becomes a burden when you can't love.”
“Introspective souls are often tormented by their passionate visions. This is because visionaries see what shall be and wake up to what is. However, if you couldn't see a glimpse of the city lights while stranded in the forest, how would you ever know to walk in that direction? Sometimes, your vision can't be put into action, until you gather the learning experiences, along your journey first.”
“Inventions are Personal But An Idea is Always Universal.”
“Is everybody in? Is everybody in? Is everybody in? The ceremony is about to begin. The entertainment for this evening is not new, you've seen this entertainment through and through you have seen your birth, your life, your death .you may recall all the rest. Did you have a good world when you died? -enough to base a movie on??”
“Is it possible to say this: The road was beautiful, but the journey was terrible! Yes, it's very possible, especially when traveling with people who don't have the same vision on life as you!”
“Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?”
“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”
“Is this thing safe?" "Safe as life," Gansey replied.”
“Isn't it nice when you've outgrown the ideas of what life should be and you can enjoy what it is?”
“Isn't it sad how some people's grip on their lives is so precarious that they'll embrace any preposterous delusion rather than face an occasional bleak truth?”
“Isn't it strange that I know you'd risk your life to save mine, but I don't even know what your favorite color is?”
“Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.”
“It Hurts It Kills It Teaches  It Thrills “IT” Is LIFE !”
“It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.”
“It becomes easy to leave once you realize you didn't belong there.”
“It broke her heart that the boy she loved was taken so tragically and so unexpectedly. She never got to say goodbye. She wished she could sit with him, talk to him, and hear his voice one last time. She would sacrifice anything to hug him and kiss him once more. The moment she lost Robert in that fateful accident, it was as if she had lost her reason for living, and she felt her life begin to race tragically towards its inevitable end.”
“It can only take a moment to waste the rest of your life.”
“It can take years to mold a dream. It takes only a fraction of a second for it to be shattered.”
“It didn't make you noble to step away from something that wasn't working, even if you thought you were the reason for the malfunction. Especially then. It just made you a quitter. Because if you were the problem, chances were you could also be the solution. The only way to find out was to take another shot.”
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”
“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”
“It does not take courage to kill. It takes courage to live.”
“It does not take much to forgive. All it takes is a willing heart. Take it one step at a time, and forgive until you are fine.”
“It does not take much to make us realize what fools we are, but the little it takes is long in coming.”
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“It doesn't matter what you say, what you do means everything.”
“It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.”
“It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it ”
“It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.”
“It doesn't take long for life to screw everything up. Don't be proud.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“It ends when you're ready for a new beginning.”
“It feels worse to stay silent when thoughts in your head scream loud.”
“It frightens me, the awful truth, of how sweet life can be ”
“It had always seemed to him a very plush kind of problem, a privilege, really, to consider whether life was meaningful or not.”
“It has always seemed strange to me The things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.”
“It has shown me that everything is illuminated in the light of the past. It is always along the side of us on the inside, looking out.”
“It hurts to let go, to say goodbye for the final time and remain distant in your closure, it may even tear your heart out to the point of insanity; but somehow in it all you find the pieces of your worth and you start creating yourself again, and in that journey of transformation you find the essence of what truly matters, inner happiness. It's life, we all fall at some stage but it's up to you, to decide how long you want to stay there.”
“It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted. It confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. You're left so alone that you can't explain. Damn, there's nothing like that, is there? I've been there and you have too. You're nodding your head.”
“It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the activities of one form of that life. But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is rather to life itself.”
“It is a huge danger to pretend that awful things do not happen. But you need enough hope to keep going. I am trying to make hope. Flowers grow out of darkness.”
“It is a joy to be hidden, and disaster not to be found.”
“It is a small world. You do not have to live in it particularly long to learn that for yourself. There is a theory that, in the whole world, there are only five hundred real people (the cast, as it were; all the rest of the people in the world, the theory suggests, are extras) and what is more, they all know each other. And it's true, or true as far as it goes. In reality the world is made of thousands upon thousands of groups of about five hundred people, all of whom will spend their lives bumping into each other, trying to avoid each other, and discovering each other in the same unlikely teashop in Vancouver. There is an unavoidability to this process. It's not even coincidence. It's just the way the world works, with no regard for individuals or for propriety.”
“It is a strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and troubles. And yet when King Laugh come, he make them all dance to the tune he play. Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall, all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him. Ah, we men and women are like ropes drawn tight with strain that pull us different ways. Then tears come, and like the rain on the ropes, they brace us up, until perhaps the strain become too great, and we break. But King Laugh he come like the sunshine, and he ease off the strain again, and we bear to go on with our labor, what it may be.”
“It is a useless life that is not consecrated to a great deal. It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice.”
“It is a very funny thing that the sleepier you are, the longer you take about getting to bed.”
“It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.”
“It is after all so easy to shatter a story. To break a chain of thought. To ruin a fragment of a dream being carried around carefully like a piece of porcelain. To let it be, to travel with it, as Velutha did, is much the harder thing to do.”
“It is already Monday. The weekend is over. RIP to the weekend.”
“It is always better to avenge dear ones than to indulge in mourning. For every one of us, living in this world means waiting for our end. Let whoever can win glory before death. When a warrior is gone, that will be his best and only bulwark.”
“It is amazing how much the human spirit can stand of loss and panic. What gives us the courage to go on?”
“It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.”
“It is beneficial not to harbour grudges in your heart.”
“It is best to lose everything than only gain for yourself, with others in need." -Philip Hamill, Sr.”
“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“It is better to forgive than not have peace.”
“It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“It is better to take fully of life,' he told her and swallowed with a sigh of contentment. 'Savor it, feel the spice, acknowledge the heat and the tears,”
“It is dancing that gives you a reason to cross the divide of sadness towards smiles.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“It is easier to pluck a flower than to nurture it; which is why some would prefer to destroy your talents than nurture them.”
“It is easy for true leaders to succeed because their mission is to carve the followers' paths to success.”
“It is easy to be carried away with ruminating about the past and worrying about the future. We waste precious seconds, minutes, hours doing this every single day. When we stop judging our experiences, we become less reactive and better able to tolerate difficulty.”
“It is easy to mourn the lives we aren't living. Easy to wish we'd developed other other talents, said yes to different offers. Easy to wish we'd worked harder, loved better, handled our finances more astutely, been more popular, stayed in the band, gone to Australia, said yes to the coffee or done more bloody yoga. It takes no effort to miss the friends we didn't make and the work we didn't do the people we didn't do and the people we didn't marry and the children we didn't have. It is not difficult to see yourself through the lens of other people, and to wish you were all the different kaleidoscopic versions of you they wanted you to be. It is easy to regret, and keep regretting, ad infinitum, until our time runs out. But it is not lives we regret not living that are the real problem. It is the regret itself. It's the regret that makes us shrivel and wither and feel like our own and other people's worst enemy. We can't tell if any of those other versions would of been better or worse. Those lives are happening, it is true, but you are happening as well, and that is the happening we have to focus on.”
“It is hard to define life entirely, but what I know about life is that it will give you a chance to define yourself. So do your level best to put yourself out there.”
“It is hard work and great art to make life not so serious.”
“It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on.”
“It is impossible to rebuild the lost trust without any effort.”
“It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquility: they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.”
“It is in vain to try and stop a star from rising, even with a ladder.”
“It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. ”
“It is life, I think, to watch the water. A man can learn so many things.”
“It is necessary to fall in love – the better to provide an alibi for all the despair we are going to feel anyway.”
“It is never enough to just exist. Everyone exists. what matters is to live through your existence.”
“It is never too late to wake up, It is never too late to try, As long as you have a dream, you have a reason to wake up, And if nothing, at least try!”
“It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right --especially when one is right.”
“It is not always easy to go through life. Sometimes stuff happens and you face hard times, but you do not have to be hard on yourself. You can still do your best and become a great success.”
“It is not easy to excel in leadership, but it is possible where there is willingness and commitment.”
“It is not easy to forget those who touched your life in a special way. It is good to celebrate life’s heroes while they are still alive. Choose to appreciate the good things they have done.”
“It is not easy to forgive, but it is also difficult to live with a heavy heart. As difficult as it is to forgive, you need to do it. Choose forgiveness so you can find peace.”
“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
“It is not right to imprison your own heart. That is why you need to forgive all the time.”
“It is not surprising to forget a human being for one who forget his Creator and his Lord.”
“It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much.   The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.”
“It is not the cards you are dealt in life that matters–it is how you play your hand.”
“It is not the intensity of the problem that makes leaders succeed. It is their willingness to solve problems that exist.”
“It is not the length of life, but the depth.”
“It is not the number of years in a position that makes one a great leader. It is the number of lives empowered during those years that matters.”
“It is not the shells of the past that leaders should focus on, but the state of the future. When leaders have a brighter future in mind, they will be inspired to do better in life.”
“It is not the strongest of the species that survives, not the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change.”
“It is not the years in your life that count, it is the life in your years.”
“It is not too early or too late for you to learn. learning is something you must pass through at every phrase of your life.”
“It is not too late to turn a new page and write a good story of your life. There is more you can do if you do not keep your purpose out of sight.”
“It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”
“It is not worth the while to let our imperfections disturb us always.”
“It is not wrong to forgive the one who wronged you.”
“It is obvious to feel the pain in your heart when people who could understand your silence stop understanding even your words.”
“It is often said that change is good, but when is it good for us?”
“It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.”
“It is okay to be a person who is still healing. The truth is that we always will be. It is a forever practice, it is that forever kind of love with yourself.”
“It is one thing to lose people you love. It is another to lose yourself. That is a greater loss.”
“It is only the poorly educated people who seek corruption as a means of survival in the state.”
“It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.”
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
“It is part of the human nature always to judge others very severely and,when the wind turns against us,always to find an excuse for our own misdeeds,or to blame someone else for our mistakes.”
“It is pointless to say that this or that night was the worst of my life. I have so many bad nights to choose from that I've made none the champion.”
“It is quite a revelation to discover that the place you wanted to escape to is the exact same place you escaped from. That the prison wasn't the place, but the perspective.”
“It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves”
“It is risky not to take calculated risks in life.”
“It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.”
“It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.”
“It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.”
“It is singularity which often makes the worst part of our suffering, as it always does of our conduct.”
“It is the beginning of wisdom when you recognize that the best you can do is choose which rules you want to live by, and it's persistent and aggravated imbecility to pretend you can live without any.”
“It is the deepest cruelty to stop life from breaking forth, that is what you do when you abort a child growing in its mother's womb.”
“It is the way you interpret the world that determines your degree of self-satisfaction.”
“It is true that age is just a number, your mindset or understanding is what matters most.”
“It is true that we are nothing without Jesus, but many forget that it is also true that, with Him, we become a marvel. Let the world marvel, it’s a calling!”
“It is very strange that the years teach us patience - that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.”
“It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.”
“It is when we are confronted with poignant reminders of mortality that we become most aware of the strangeness and wonder of our brief life on Earth.”
“It is when we think that we have it tougher than others that we develop a cynical outlook towards others’ achievements and dissatisfaction with our own.”
“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”
“It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses.”
“It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.”
“It is wrong to bear children out of need, wrong to use a child to alleviate loneliness, wrong to provide purpose in life by reproducing another copy of oneself. It is wrong also to seek immortality by spewing one's germ into the future as though sperm contains your consciousness!”
“It is your responsibility to find fault with me, it is mine to hear you out. But don't expect me to change.”
“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”
“It isn’t a sadness, but a joy, that we don’t do the same things for the length of our lives.”
“It isn’t fair, but maybe that’s the whole point. Fairness has no part in real life, and she took that lesson away from the Hotel Angeline with her.”
“It just be life, that's all. Ain't nothin' happened to you, ain't happened to most women whether they care to admit it or not. You strong, Babygirl. You a woman. You gotta be.”
“It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can stop him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.”
“It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime ”
“It may takes days to suffer,but it takes only one day to die”
“It means you're perfect just the way you are. Don't let anyone convince you otherwise.”
“It might be possible that the world itself is without meaning.”
“It reaches everyone, everywhere. In every heart, in every soul; across oceans, terrains, tribes, and race. No matter your age, or the time or place, in dance, everyone finds their home.”
“It scares me how hard it is to remember life before you. I can't even make the comparisons anymore, because my memories of that time have all the depth of a photograph. It seems foolish to play games of better and worse. It's simply a matter of is and is no longer.”
“It seemed an important lesson for a young person. It wasn't only the angry people that should make one wary. The jolly ones could be even more dangerous.”
“It seems impossible to live without hurting people.' 'That's because it is.' 'So why live at all?' 'Well, in fairness, dying hurts people too.”
“It shocks me how I wish for what is lost and cannot come back.”
“It takes a forgiving heart to live a fulfilling life.”
“It takes a lot of grace, prayer and understanding to forgive.”
“It takes a strong and willing heart to forgive. When you forgive, you will live in peace.”
“It takes a while, but all of us will find our path. That day is not far away.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad.”
“It takes sobriety to make critical decisions in leadership.”
“It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.”
“It takes strong-willed leaders to take followers out of the wilderness.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“It took ages to go where I wanted to go Didn't know that crematorium is my destination.”
“It used to be that a ready man was left alone but in our fast paced world of prosperity and pride, and affluence and ease, men have become base and dogpile to tear down to their depths rather than exalt and extol. This is what has always becomes of a Godless people. They become a cult of debauchery who seeks to destroy the named heretics that opposes them.”
“It was a comet. The boy saw the comet and he felt as though his life had meaning. And when it went away, he waited his entire life for it to come back to him. It was more than just a comet because of what it brought to his life: direction, beauty, meaning. There are many who couldn't understand, and sometimes he walked among them. But even in his darkest hours, he knew in his heart that someday it would return to him, and his world would be whole again  And his belief in God and love and art would be re-awakened in his heart. The boy saw the comet and suddenly his life had meaning.”
“It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.”
“It was an old enough feeling, that of realizing that whatever you touched changed to something else under your hand, but so is cancer an old disease, and yet people still die of it. Earth changed, it grew and shed grass, filled up old gullies and cut new ones; rivers changed, a flood in one season, low water in the next. Old people died; young people lived and got old. You tied to a tree, and it grew and broke the tie-rope; to a house, and it rotted and fell down; to a woman, and she got frightened of what her own body could do to her and went away.”
“It was her laughter that made me love her. Her shy inappropriate madness is what made her beautiful.”
“It was ironic, really - you want to die because you can't be bothered to go on living - but then you're expected to get all energetic and move furniture and stand on chairs and hoist ropes and do complicated knots and attach things to other things and kick stools from under you and mess around with hot baths and razor blades and extension cords and electrical appliances and weedkiller. Suicide was a complicated, demanding business, often involving visits to hardware shops. And if you've managed to drag yourself from the bed and go down the road to the garden center or the drug store, by then the worst is over. At that point you might as well just go to work.”
“It was like when you ripped a piece of paper into two: no matter how you tried, the seams never fit exactly right again.”
“It was not difficult for an intelligent physicist to understand what was behind his gazes. The longer we sit, the more he looks at my smallest detail, he keeps looking at my lips, my neck, and my shoulders, with a gaze full of passion. Shy but still a female, who will not fail to feel a man’s desires toward her which is one of her most important strengths that was inherited from her ancestors. She looks away, but still sees her surroundings with a wider panoramic view than a man does. her sensors pick up risks, feelings, and repressed desires, many times as much as he can. It is enough for her to stand in front of the wardrobe and without moving her head or her eyes, she sees all its contents, she finds what she wants in a second, while a man has to move his eyes, head, and probably most of his organs and all of his senses to find what he is looking for, and often fails. Thus, our mind has developed these physical abilities, over thousands of years, as needed. The man’s need was to focus on his arrow and his prey, and his foresight has evolved, it has become more focused, while the woman’s need is to protect the home and children from dangers, her panoramic view has evolved to see her surroundings more broadly than the man’s. So, our mind programmed itself, and in this way, it developed our abilities. What it does not need, it leaves or neglects until this thing withers and dies, but what it thinks is important or needed, it keeps, strengthens it. Necessity is the key to evolution. Even athletes are well aware of this: in the body-building halls, they gradually lift weights, to force their brains to feed and build muscles. And as long as they’re still in pain to lift a weight, their brains realize they need more muscle power, so they can handle that weight without danger, and the brain starts to protein the muscles, thereby strengthening them and increasing their size. If it didn’t find enough protein in the diet, it creates it. As the muscles became stronger, and the weight on the trainee became easier to carry, he increased it, and the brain began to strengthen the muscles more to handle the new weight. If the muscle ceases to gain weight, it freezes at enough force and size to carry the current weight. The principle of negligence and usage; what has a need remains, and what has no need perishes. But Mousa’ need recently while going to the bodybuilding gym is not to stimulate the mind to meet his muscular needs. Rather, his causes are more profound, dangerous, and insane… But whom of us would need this?”
“It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.”
“It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
“It was only high school after all, definitely one of the most bizarre periods in a person’s life. How anyone can come through that time well adjusted on any level is an absolute miracle.”
“It was the excitement of the light or the fear of the dark that prompted Thomas Edison to never give up bulb enhancement. Either way, he was right.”
“It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.”
“It was the pain in life that sometimes brought you to the place you should have been all along.”
“It was warm and safe and happy-but it wasn't me. [Cassandra Hobbes]”
“It wasn’t my day. My week. My month. My year. My life. God damn it.”
“It wasn’t weapons that kept people obedient, despite what Motti, what Krennic, what Tarkin himself believed. Weapons riled people up, reminded them that they could fight. It was bureaucratic mediocrity that made them accept their fate. Show a man a blaster, and he looked for a way to take it for himself and turn it on you. Tell a man he can fight in court, and nine times out of ten he’ll disappear just to avoid the tediousness.”
“It will hurt you to realize that people who wronged you have moved on with their lives as if nothing happened, but it will please you to know that forgiveness sets you free and empower you to move on as well.”
“It would be a much more blooming world if we share with others whatever good we have in us.”
“It would be so nice if something made sense for a change.”
“It would destroy the very meaning of a family unit if everyone with their separate ways over fleeting feelings of anger or impatience.”
“It's a dangerous thing when you have love without faith and trust  No one wants to feel unsure when they give their heart away.”
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
“It's a good idea always to do something relaxing prior to making an important decision in your life.”
“It's a great feeling to realize that you are not affected by your past anymore.”
“It's a hard life if you don't weaken.”
“It's a struggle, life. Everyone is struggling with something. It's why we've got to be kind to each other, even when it's really fuckin' hard. You just don't know. You can't tell by looking. You can't tell by looking.”
“It's a thrill to fulfill your own childhood dreams, but as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others is even more fun.”
“It's all in the view. That's what I mean about forever, too. For any one of us our forever could end in an hour, or a hundred years from now. You never know for sure, so you'd better make every second count.”
“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”
“It's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them. Life is a hungry thing.”
“It's been a prevalent notion. Fallen sparks. Fragments of vessels broken at the Creation. And someday, somehow, before the end, a gathering back to home. A messenger from the Kingdom, arriving at the last moment. But I tell you there is no such message, no such home -- only the millions of last moments . . . nothing more. Our history is an aggregate of last moments.”
“It's better this way, sister. There's more to life than staying safe ”
“It's better to burn out than to fade away.”
“It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.”
“It's curling ribbon, but you don't have to curl it. You don't have to do everything the ribbon tells you to do. Don't live your life like that.”
“It's easier to face the camera than life. As in the former the script is known.”
“It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!”
“It's easy to lie. It's hard to cover it up.”
“It's easy to look back and see it, and it's easy to give the advice. But the sad fact is, most people don't look beneath the surface until it's too late.”
“It's everybody, I mean. Everything everybody does is so — I don't know — not wrong, or even mean, or even stupid necessarily. But just so tiny and meaningless and — sad-making. And the worst part is, if you go bohemian or something crazy like that, you're conforming just as much only in a different way.”
“It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.”
“It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.”
“It's funny: I always imagined when I was a kid that adults had some kind of inner toolbox full of shiny tools: the saw of discernment, the hammer of wisdom, the sandpaper of patience. But then when I grew up I found that life handed you these rusty bent old tools - friendships, prayer, conscience, honesty - and said 'do the best you can with these, they will have to do'. And mostly, against all odds, they do.”
“It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.”
“It's good to let God pick a man for you. We don't do so well when we pick them ourselves. They end up lipsticks in a drawer, all those wrong colors you thought looked so good in the package.”
“It's hard at times, but it makes a kid strong in ways that most people can't understand. Teaches them that even though people are left behind, new ones will inevitable take their place; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer. It makes a kid grow up fast.”
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
“It's hard to build momentum if you're dividing your attention.”
“It's hard to hate someone you understand!”
“It's important in life if you don't give a shit. It can help you a lot.”
“It's important to enjoy every summer of our life because we are left with one less summer every year.”
“It's in the morning, for most of us. It's that time, those few seconds when we're coming out of sleep but we're not really awake yet. For those few seconds we're something more primitive than what we are about to become. We have just slept the sleep of our most distant ancestors, and something of them and their world still clings to us. For those few moments we are unformed, uncivilized. We are not the people we know as ourselves, but creatures more in tune with a tree than a keyboard. We are untitled, unnamed, natural, suspended between was and will be, the tadpole before the frog, the worm before the butterfly. We are for a few brief moments, anything and everything we could be. And then and then -- ah -- we open our eyes and the day is before us and   we become ourselves.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“It's just a feeling I have. What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real. My enemy is, among other things, the me inside me.”
“It's like this old patchwork quilt my momma used to have Each piece on that quilt meant something. And some of those pieces were the damn ugliest things you've ever seen But some of the pieces were so beautiful they almost hurt my eyes to look at when I was a kid That's the best you can hope for, Danny. That your life turns out like that patchwork quilt. That you can add some bright, sparkling pieces to the dirty, stained ones you have so far. That in the end, the bright patches might take up more space on your quilt than the dark ones.”
“It's much easier to not know things sometimes. Things change and friends leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.”
“It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU. How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.”
“It's not always easy being her daughter.' I think,' she said, 'sometimes it's hard no matter whose daughter you are.”
“It's not called being gay, it's called being fabulous!”
“It's not hard to decide what you want your life to be about. What's hard, she said, is figuring out what you're willing to give up in order to do the things you really care about.”
“It's not how others see you which matters, it's how you see yourself.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“It's not just about sharing happy moments. It's about surviving the tough times together.”
“It's not my story anymore: whenever I speak about the past now, I feel as if I were talking about something that has nothing to do with me. All that remains in the present are the voice, the presence, and the importance of fulfilling my mission. I don't regret difficulties I experienced; I think they helped me to become the person I am today, I feel the way a warrior must feel after years of training; he doesn't remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right.”
“It's not my words that you should fear, but my silence. My words speak straight to the core but my absence will leave you speechless.”
“It's not over until you win”
“It's not that you were not able to understand. It's only that I failed to understand how you preferred to understand. (From Ramesh Sood's Relashuns to Relashines - an amazon book)”
“It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.”
“It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.”
“It's not the story of Adam and Eve that matters most. The key to knowing the mystery of life is to know and understand the true meaning of love.”
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”
“It's ok to be friends with old enemies, but never be friends with someone who claims to be your well-wisher but disrespects you. Avoid such friends like a poison pot with milk on its rim (near the mouth of the pot).”
“It's okay to wander.”
“It's okay. We aren't in the same class. Just don't forget that some of us watch the sunset too.”
“It's painful to be in an emotional relationship with someone who is emotionless.”
“It's painful to not be in touch with the people who once mattered to you the most.”
“It's paradoxical that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.”
“It's rare to have such people in life who understand the scars you carry in your heart.”
“It's sad to live in this world and miss Heaven. But it's so sad, for God to miss us in His Kingdom despite having proven His love and having provided everything so that we couldn't miss it.”
“It's so common to fear the unknown and fear what we don't understand, but that's one of the most important things we can come to accept because it's the only truth there is. When you have full trust and faith in the universe, there's nothing to fear.”
“It's so much fun to write. Sometimes great books are left out for lack of promotion, while unnecessary books are loved because of their popularity. Common people always follow the majority.”
“It's sometimes easier to help others rather than helping yourself. The trick is to listen to your "self" as a friend. This may be the simplest change you ever make in life, with the biggest impact.”
“It's startling to realize how narrowly we avoid, or miss, living radically different lives.”
“It's such a shame to waste time. We always think we have so much of it.”
“It's such a stupid question, in my opinion. I mean, how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't . I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's a stupid question.”
“It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty.”
“It's the journey that matters, soak it in. Learn lessons out of it. Impact positively so that if you never get to your destination, at least you'd leave a legacy to be remembered.”
“It's true if you love someone, You love him just the way he is, Not by changing that person's identity!”
“It's very easy to find happiness. Just grab a bottle of your favorite drink, devour foods that give you so much comfort and stress-relief, go for a run (happy hormones), or watch an NBA championship game at ringside! It's as instant as microwaveable foods! But joy is a different thing. Joy takes time to build, but it's worth the time. And one of the best ways to find joy in life is by discovering and living out our purpose - the reason why we've been put on this Earth! There's something about being in one's purpose and living it out.”
“It's very hurtful too see yourself getting replaced in the life of someone who promised to never replace you.”
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
“It's wrong to take out your anger on others when you are angry with yourself.”
“It's your own pace, race, and phase.”
“Its Life Not Our Dreams”
“Its not about what we take with us when we die, Its about what we leave behind.”
“It’s a peculiar feature of human nature that we love to see those close to us, climb up the staircase of success, but, behind us. If they happen to catch up with us, needing to share the space with them, we feel choked, and were they to overtake us, we feel morose, though they might remain friendly. It is because, used as we were to condescend to descend in our affections to them, we lose countenance, not counting our jealousy, that they too might seem patronizing from their altered stations.”
“It’s a shame, really; all the exciting things happen when you’re not there to witness them. It’s almost as if life is purposefully trying to annoy you in that way.”
“It’s a strange myth that atheists have nothing to live for. It’s the opposite. We have nothing to die for. We have everything to live for.”
“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
“It’s easy to think that as a result of the extinction of the dodo, we are now sadder and wiser, but there’s a lot of evidence to suggest that we are merely sadder and better informed.”
“It’s either love life or fear it.”
“It’s hard to tell. Who is alive? Who is dead? We all look same here. We all are stung, harshly stung by life. However, we’ve to survive and we’ll survive.”
“It’s human nature to react a certain way. We’re influenced by the world around us and the narrative set by media and outside sources, which means that sometimes our reactions are totally unconscious—in our minds, it’s nothing more than how we perceive we should react.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.”
“It’s never an insult to be called what somebody thinks is a bad name. It just shows you how poor that person is, it doesn’t hurt you.”
“It’s never been about winning or losing. It’s about living your life unafraid to do either.”
“It’s not always the strongest trees that survive the storm. Sometimes it’s the trees that bend with the wind.”
“It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.”
“It’s not so much the journey that’s important; as is the way that we treat those we encounter and those around us, along the way”
“It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, but it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: music, laughter, the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands, the scent of rain, the concept of subway trains  if only one could leave this life slowly!”
“It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains  If only one could leave this life slowly!”
“It’s not where you live your life; it’s how you live your life that matters more.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.”
“It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.”
“It’s strange how things can change back as suddenly as they changed originally. When one thing happens and suddenly, things are back to normal.”
“It’s the storms of life that make us strong, and as with all dark nights, sometimes we just have to hang on in there. Doggedly. The dawn will always come. The light will always win. And the fire, in nature, is all powerful.”
“It’s the things we don’t know, don’t rightly understand, that frighten us most.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“It’s too bad if a heart lacks fire, and is deprived of the light of a heart ablaze. The day on which you are without passionate love is the most wasted day of your life.”
“It’s very simple. As you grow, you learn more. If you stayed at twenty-two, you’d always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It’s growth. It’s more than the negative that you’re going to die, it’s also the positive that you understand you’re going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.”
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”
“I’d spent so much of the past seven years living my life in a blur, trying to cram as much as humanly possible into a day. I’d missed out on so much in the process, like having dear girlfriends. It wasn’t until you knew something was about to end that you realized how fortunate you were to have had it in the first place.”
“I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.”
“I’m a dinosaur, he thought, lumbering through a world where truthtellers are despised.”
“I’m a fake fact factory. The things I make are the things I make up. Also, as a side business, I make love. Actually, I just made that up.”
“I’m cool with those people who don’t give a fock about me, they are not going to hate on you, “it’s those muthafockas who don’t like you; it is better to pay attention to”. -MillYentei”
“I’m not a bad person. I haven’t killed anyone. I (rarely) lie. I don’t kick little puppies. So why do people look at me as if the world would be a better place without me?”
“I’m not the one you need to be scared of,” said the failure. I just smiled and whistled my favorite song.”
“I’m sort of… coming off a bad relationship” “When did it end?” “Slightly before it started.”
“I’m speaking of the pursuit of excellence in all things. All things! Presence of mind and devotion to craft. A great artist has these. A great chef. A great master of tea. There’s powerful kung fu in a well-built house or an eloquent letter, but the limit of your imagination is bones breaking and bullets flying.”
“I’ve always been a person who has believed in the love and in the power of love. It occurred to me that it is an essence which connects to the hearts of people, to the hearts of the beasts and to the One-Above-All.…… .…………. Sometimes, if people are dysfunctional together, they will have dysfunctional families and kids who are dysfunctional to the society, each in a unique disorderly way. Love, is the key to disorder and anarchy as it emanates from truth and then further emanates commitment, care, respect and sacrifice. It has the powers over emotions of a human and their mindset and it has been bringing changes to the lives of people. The problem of dysfunctional relationships is the connection is based upon truths which are not mutually established. To make a relationship functional is very much possible and is as essential to being human as the fact that we are very intelligent beings. A love based on truth will always shine brighter in any dark night. But who wants a love like that? And who dares to love as such? All that forever? Would you dare?.…………. ……. All that and many things more but not anymore. I now believe that only love cannot make anyone do everything. Neither everything is dearly loved nor it is reciprocated gracefully. Some loves fall away as the leaves of the autumn; some fires are washed by little waters; and some boats never make it to the shore. If love is truly your goal and the goal of your love is love itself then the pillars of love shall always remain true. Be good to the people you meet. And be good to those who hurt you as well. Someday, sometime, it will make sense to everyone.”
“I’ve been here for years but I have never seen the light. However, I’ve never been afraid of the darkness. It’s always been a part of my life.”
“I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.”
“I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.”
“I’ve never been afraid of the darkness. It’s always been a part of my life. But I cannot live in the darkness forever. I better change the way I live and start to crawl toward the light.”
“Jamie: You know what I figured out today? Landon: What? Jamie: Maybe God has a bigger plan for me than I had for myself. Like this journey never ends. Like you were sent to me because I'm sick. To help me through all this. You're my angel.”
“Jealousy can make you a devil you didn't know you could be.”
“Jealousy says, “Compete with each other.” Envy says, “Destroy each other.” Empathy says, “Help each other.” Love says, “Empower each other.”
“Jealousy stings, envy poisons, anger harms, and hate murders.”
“Jesus paid our debt on the cross. He taught us the matchless power of forgiveness.”
“Join the mob or go for what you want. Give yourself plenty of quiet time alone in order to get in touch with who you are Focus power of thought. Remind yourself that the world is yours for the asking. The non-risker does not grow, you just get older. When you have decided which ideas, beliefs, relationships, and situations no longer work for you, it is time to release them. Let go of negative thoughts - view them as a flight of birds crossing your path. See them fly into view and continue on their way.' - from Joan Root's diary”
“Journey becomes difficult when we know the destination but not aware of the right path, may be the supreme power testing your moral and physical stamina.”
“Journey’s end In western lands beneath the Sun The flowers may rise in Spring, The trees may bud, the waters run, The merry finches sing. Or there maybe 'tis cloudless night, And swaying branches bear The Elven-stars as jewels white Amid their branching hair. Though here at journey's end I lie In darkness buried deep, Beyond all towers strong and high, Beyond all mountains steep, Above all shadows rides the Sun And Stars for ever dwell: I will not say the Day is done, Nor bid the Stars farewell.J.”
“Joy and heartbeats intertwine; questions and answers finally meet; when melodies touch the dancing feet.”
“Judge Fowler knew Clara was not long for the world--it was the manner of how she seized everything that gave her away. Clara was vibrant in youth, beautiful and radiant upon her wedding night beyond compare! But death cannot be masked from those who can see the outline of its features scribbled in the margins of another’s being.”
“Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.”
“Judge not, lest you be judged.”
“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
“Judgment closes the doors of understanding, while analysis opens the windows of insight. The former dismisses, condemns, and separates, while the latter explores, comprehends, and connects. Let us choose the path of analysis over judgment, for it is through discernment and empathy that we foster true understanding and bridge the gaps between us”
“Just because everyone else chooses to live a certain way does not mean you have to. You can be the role model for someone else.”
“Just because life is hard, and always ends in a bad way, doesn't mean that all stories have to, even if that's what they tell us in school and in the New York Times Review. In fact, it's a good thing that stories are as different as we are, one from another.”
“Just because the boat rocks doesn't mean it's time to jump overboard.”
“Just because things hadn't gone the way I had planned didn't necessarily mean they had gone wrong.”
“Just because you don’t like peanut butter doesn’t necessarily mean you can’t like . . . peanuts.”
“Just because you know it [my past]  doesn't mean that my wounds are a weight you have to carry. ~Kurogane-san”
“Just because you're a master of sport, doesn't mean you're a master of life.”
“Just been poisoned by my gran. Nothing says Christmas better than familicide and anaphylactic shock.”
“Just do without any thought, and there will be no competition for your simplicity, truth, and perseverance.”
“Just don't kill yourself with consumption, kid.”
“Just don’t kill yourself with consumption, kid.”
“Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.”
“Just know I am Not there to catch you But I am there for you”
“Just like a tree, we carry a perfect glare but deep down our roots lie in vain.”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing.”
“Just live well. Just live”
“Just living is not enough," said the butterfly, "one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.”
“Just promise me you'll stop every once in a while and acknowledge the day, honey. It's the only one you'll have until tomorrow.”
“Just remember that the things you put into your head are there forever, he said. You might want to think about that. You forget some things, dont you? Yes. You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.”
“Just remember, life is short. You have to enjoy every moment before it passes you by.”
“Just so you know, love is possible for us too. We've witnessed the pain life left at our doors. It entered unwelcome, decided never to leave. Hope held us together , even when everything fell apart. You knew it was out there waiting to be found. I just want you to know, that love is possible for us too. You will find love in time.”
“Just the sight of one another, just the sight of our smiles was enough to fill our hearts with the joy of seeing each other again.”
“Just to say 'I believe' or 'I do not doubt' does not mean that you understand and see. To force oneself to see and accept a thing without understanding is political and not spiritual or intellectual.”
“Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.”
“KNOWING OTHERS, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE WORLD YOU ARE IN; KNOWING YOU, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE WORLD IN YOU; KNOWING THE WORLD, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE GOD IN YOU; KNOWING GOD, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE LIFE; LIFE IS MOMENTARILY OWNED BUT ETERNALLY YOURS”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Keep Patience, it is happening for you, somewhere.”
“Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can.”
“Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring.”
“Keep on fighting like an animal without to lose the romantic and logical nature of a human being, that's Life.”
“Keep quiet where you are a noise”
“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
“Keep your friends close but your enemies closer.”
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”
“Keep your mind strong with knowledge; keep your heart strong with faith.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.”
“Kiss a lover, Dance a measure, Find your name And buried treasure. Face your life, It's pain, It's pleasure, Leave no path untaken.”
“Kitty's face was not there. In place of it, where it used to be, was something dreadful both in it's strained look and in the sound that came from it.”
“Know the power in you; you can thrive despite circumstances.”
“Know this; in every life story there will come tough times, marking the end of a chapter and if you haven't gone through one, despite the fact you win or lose, then you might have not reached that end yet. So keep moving forward until you do while you quit worrying.”
“Know what you are worth and what is not worth your peace of mind. Forgive!”
“Know what you want to do, hold the thought firmly, and do every day what should be done, and every sunset will see you that much nearer the goal.”
“Know what your objective is. Anything that does not contribute to that objective is unnecessary; let those things go.”
“Know who you are, and be it. Know what you want, and go out and get it!”
“Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.”
“Knowing it and seeing it are two different things.”
“Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.”
“Knowledge is not only a source of power but also a tool for growth and success.”
“Knowledge without Learning is like Wisdom without Understanding, Life Without Breath.”
“Knowledge, like air, is vital to life. Like air, no one should be denied it.”
“LIFE AND LOVE, ARE AGELESS”
“LIFE IS A HOLIDAY TO THE DEATH”
“LIFE IS NOT ABOUT HOW WELL YOU LIVE BEFORE YOUR DEATH, LIFE IS ALL ABOUT HOW FAR YOU LIVE AFTER YOUR DEATH”
“LOOK AROUND. GAME DEAD, RIVERS BLACK, LAND CHOKED WITH WEED. SKIES BLEEDING, RED AS BLOOD. FOR WHAT? YOUR KIND ARE BLIND. YOU SEE ONLY THE NOW. NEVER THE WILL BE. BUT SOON YOU WILL. WHEN ALL IS GONE, WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MONKEY-CHILDREN THAT YOU MURDER FOR A SCRAP OF LAND, A DROP OF CLEAN WATER, THEN YOU WILL SEE.”
“La vita. Comincia e ricomincia, un'infinità di volte. Un inizio dopo l'altro, finchè non arriva la fine. A volte lo sappiamo, a volte no, ma la vita ricomicia in ogni istante”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“Lately I can't help wanting us to be like other people. For example, if I were a smoker, you'd lift a match to the cigarette just as I put it between my lips. It's never been like that between us: none of that easy chemistry, no quick, half automatic flares. Everything between us had to be learned. Saturday finds me brooding behind my book, all my fantasies of seduction run up against the rocks. Tell me again why you don't like sex in the afternoon? No, don't tell me-- I'll never understand you never understand us, America's strangest loving couple: they never drink a bottle of wine together and rarely look at each other. Into each other's eyes, I mean.”
“Laugh, even when you feel too sick or too worn out or tired. Smile, even when you're trying not to cry and the tears are blurring your vision. Sing, even when people stare at you and tell you your voice is crappy. Trust, even when your heart begs you not to. Twirl, even when your mind makes no sense of what you see. Frolick, even when you are made fun of. Kiss, even when others are watching. Sleep, even when you're afraid of what the dreams might bring. Run, even when it feels like you can't run any more. And, always, remember, even when the memories pinch your heart. Because the pain of all your experience is what makes you the person you are now. And without your experience---you are an empty page, a blank notebook, a missing lyric. What makes you brave is your willingness to live through your terrible life and hold your head up high the next day. So don't live life in fear. Because you are stronger now, after all the crap has happened, than you ever were back before it started.”
“Leaders are like lecturers. They can either stand in front and teach, be at the centre and facilitate, or even be at the back and invigilate. Their task is to ensure what needs to be done gets done at the right time.”
“Leaders are like vessels that move a goal to its destination. That is why great leaders always become servants, because leadership is not a luxury but an act of service to others.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Leaders can only be entrusted with leading if they earn the trust of their followers.”
“Leaders need to embrace correction if they want to avoid making the same mistakes.”
“Leaders should be comfortable with being led as well. It is the only way they can gain wisdom.”
“Leaders should be knowledgeable because informed leaders are torchbearers who walk in front and lead the way, even in times of darkness.”
“Leaders should be reliable, available, and effective in problem-solving.”
“Leaders should know that it is not only about the votes. It is about adding value to those who voted them into power.”
“Leaders should know their goals and champion the accomplishment of those goals by leading others in the right direction. A directionless leader is chaotic to follow.”
“Leaders should lead as if they were born for leadership and nothing else because effective leadership leads to magnificent results.”
“Leaders should not always wait to be told what to do. They should always be on the lookout for what needs to be done. Leadership is about giving hope to those being led.”
“Leaders should not only be interested in initiating new projects to solve old problems. They should look into what was done in the past so they can replicate what works and come up with better solutions for what did not work.”
“Leaders stumble. Leaders fall and leaders fail sometimes. But what makes great leaders is their constant attempt at success, despite any previous failures.”
“Leaders who are committed to the right vision do not have time to fuel divisions in the organisation.”
“Leaders who are more concerned about the output of their roles, progress far better than those who are more concerned about robes.”
“Leaders who care about their followers focus on what bothers them.”
“Leaders who do not fear accountability always achieve more. Accountability empowers a leader to search for better strategies to lead.”
“Leaders who do not learn from the mistakes of past leaders are likely to make more mistakes than their predecessors. Leadership is about learning what worked and what did not, in order to avoid repeating things that never worked.”
“Leaders who forget the masses after they are voted into power should not be voted in the next polls.”
“Leaders who lack a vision will never know where they are going.”
“Leaders who love their societies do not hide behind excuses. Even when there are reasons to derail from finding solutions, they always come up with effective solutions.”
“Leaders who neglect those who elected them must never be given another chance to lead.”
“Leaders who oppress their followers are not leaders, but mere dictators who want to tell people what to do without showing them how to do it.”
“Leaders with good ambition always find it possible to stir their leadership in the right direction.”
“Leadership can only be effective if leaders do not shy away from planning, implementing and evaluating solutions.”
“Leadership cannot happen unless someone is willing to lead others in the right direction.”
“Leadership does not begin when one is elected to a leadership role. It begins way before that. It is not an instant event. It requires intense preparation.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“Leadership is a decision to stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves, even when it is hard sometimes.”
“Leadership is about carrying the heavy load of the followers on your shoulders and empowering them to work with leaders to lighten that heavy load.”
“Leadership is about influencing followers to follow in the right direction.”
“Leadership is about putting more effort into addressing the problems at hand.”
“Leadership is about showing others the right direction, and many people get lost when their leaders lack a sense of direction.”
“Leadership is about the right decision, the right direction and the right dimension. Without these three, leadership will always seem like a deviation.”
“Leadership is all about the transformation of people’s lives. Without transformation, there is no leadership.”
“Leadership is all about the transformation of people’s lives.”
“Leadership is an arduous task. It requires hard work and a high level of commitment from those who lead. Better yet, a transformational leader will always find better ways to simplify things in order to make an impact.”
“Leadership is critical in every field. Hence, every field needs leaders who are passionate about transformation, not just to occupy seats and obtain titles without making efforts to honour the followers.”
“Leadership is like a train; without the head (leader), the coaches (followers) cannot move.”
“Leadership is like a tree, without deep roots: the trunk cannot survive. But without the trunk, roots alone cannot make a tree. Leadership needs a vision, a leader and followers.”
“Leadership is like candlelight. It brings forth light in the darkness.”
“Leadership is not about dictatorship. Dictatorship denies one the chance of becoming a great leader.”
“Leadership is not about driving the most expensive car or flying on the most expensive private jet. It is about moving in the right direction and guiding people to the right destination.”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Leadership is not about occupying any seat for the longest period of time. It is about making the most significant impact, even for a short while.”
“Leadership is not about occupying the front seat. It is being at the forefront of the struggle to free people from whatever is troubling them.”
“Leadership is not about personal interests. It is about a deep interest in serving others.”
“Leadership is not about titles and self-enhancements. It is an agreement to serve those entitled to the service.”
“Leadership is not about writing and reading speeches. It goes beyond that. Leadership is when leaders read speeches that can resonate with their followers as they relate to the service rendered.”
“Leadership is not an easy task. Yet, leaders are expected to make the lives of those they lead much easier.”
“Leadership is not determined by age or background. Age does not define how effective a leader can be. Certainly, a place of birth cannot limit one from being a great leader.”
“Leadership is not for short-sighted people but for those who strive to influence others to achieve great results, even with limited resources and time.”
“Leadership is not for the selfish. It is for those who are selfless enough to hold others by the hand and help them get up.”
“Leadership is not for weak-minded people; it is for the strong-willed, who can listen to the will of their followers without being weakened by the challenges at hand.”
“Leadership is not just about self-service; it is about service to others.”
“Leadership is not like running a dealership. A dealership aims for profits, but leadership prioritizes impact.”
“Leadership is not measured by the number of speeches a leader makes but by the extent to which the leader’s life is changed and how he also changes the lives of others.”
“Leadership is not only a gift. It is a decision. One cannot lead effectively if unwilling to embrace the true value of leadership.”
“Leadership is not only about titles. It is about offering good service to the followers.”
“Leadership is the ability to stand for those who cannot stand for themselves, by sitting down with them and finding out what can be done best to assist them.”
“Leadership is the acceptance of social service. It is not about self-service at all.”
“Leadership is the process of offering a good chance to an individual to represent others in areas where they cannot represent themselves.”
“Leadership is the willingness to learn every day and implement the lessons learned in the right way.”
“Leadership is when a leader is able to lead those who follow him towards the set goals.”
“Leadership means finding solutions to problems that seem impossible to solve.”
“Leadership requires a willingness to learn every day. Learning never stops for leaders who are willing to be efficient.”
“Leadership without clear goals is like students without a lecturer. It will be hard for them to know what they are expected to do and how it should be done.”
“Learn as much as you can. Love as much as you should.”
“Learn from seeds; they don’t die when you throw dirt at them; they grow.”
“Learn from the fallen angels and enjoy this life in peace.”
“Learn to accept things, learn to understand things that they're happening because it's for our own good. No matter what happen, just always remember that "If that thing didn't happen, I wouldn't be what I am now.”
“Learn to allow some chapters in your life to close so you can start new, beautiful chapters.”
“Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“Learn to focus on what attracts you in life that brings you joy, comfort, and peace of mind within you!”
“Learn to forgive even when it does not feel easy. Forgiveness allows you to feel at ease.”
“Learn to forgive those who put you through hard times. It may be difficult, but find the strength to do it. Do it, do it now and do it courageously. It will make your life so much easier.”
“Learn to forgive yourself and others so that you can let go of what keeps weighing you down.”
“Learn to forgive yourself and to forgive others.”
“Learn to forgive yourself first for not being able to forgive others easily, and then ask God to give you a forgiving heart.”
“Learn to forgive. Even if you get lessons in forgiveness, you still have to do it yourself. If you are willing to learn this not-so-easy process, you will feel different.”
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
“Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.”
“Learn to recognize good luck when it's waving at you, hoping to get your attention.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“Learn, build, and master.”
“Learning After some time, you learn the subtle difference between holding a hand and imprisoning a soul; You learn that love does not equal sex, and that company does not equal security, and you start to learn…. That kisses are not contracts and gifts are not promises, and you start to accept defeat with the head up high and open eyes, and you learn to build all roads on today, because the terrain of tomorrow is too insecure for plans… and the future has its own way of falling apart in half. And you learn that if it’s too much even the warmth of the sun can burn. So you plant your own garden and embellish your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring flowers to you. And you learn that you can actually bear hardship, that you are actually strong, and you are actually worthy, and you learn and learn…and so every day. Over time you learn that being with someone because they offer you a good future, means that sooner or later you’ll want to return to your past. Over time you comprehend that only who is capable of loving you with your flaws, with no intention of changing you can bring you all happiness. Over time you learn that if you are with a person only to accompany your own solitude, irremediably you’ll end up wishing not to see them again. Over time you learn that real friends are few and whoever doesn’t fight for them, sooner or later, will find himself surrounded only with false friendships. Over time you learn that words spoken in moments of anger continue hurting throughout a lifetime. Over time you learn that everyone can apologize, but forgiveness is an attribute solely of great souls. Over time you comprehend that if you have hurt a friend harshly it is very likely that your friendship will never be the same. Over time you realize that despite being happy with your friends, you cry for those you let go. Over time you realize that every experience lived, with each person, is unrepeatable. Over time you realize that whoever humiliates or scorns another human being, sooner or later will suffer the same humiliations or scorn in tenfold. Over time you learn to build your roads on today, because the path of tomorrow doesn’t exist. Over time you comprehend that rushing things or forcing them to happen causes the finale to be different form expected. Over time you realize that in fact the best was not the future, but the moment you were living just that instant. Over time you will see that even when you are happy with those around you, you’ll yearn for those who walked away. Over time you will learn to forgive or ask for forgiveness, say you love, say you miss, say you need, say you want to be friends, since before a grave, it will no longer make sense. But unfortunately, only over time…”
“Learning To believe you are magnificent. And gradually to discover that you are not magnificent. Enough labor for one human life.”
“Learning never ends because the human mind is not like a USB stick or memory card, it cannot be filled to the fullest. It's always hungry to know.”
“Learning that the simple things tend to be the most profoud.”
“Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it.”
“Learning was a by-product of her search for pleasure”
“Leaving my father behind—with all of his baggage—was like giving up an old teddy bear. You know it’s just an object, incapable of comforting you with its tattered fur and missing button eye, but it’s something you cling to, even though you know it can’t give anything back.”
“Leonard asks me if there's anything I need to know before he dies, I think about it for a minute, turn to him, say what's the meaning of life, Leonard? He laughs, says that's an easy one, my son, it's whatever you want it to be.”
“Let God be the foundation of your life, and no matter what life throws at you, you will not crumble.”
“Let all of life be an unfettered howl.”
“Let all pride be drowned in the depth of tears, Let all pomp be crushed by the load of pain. Let all counterfeit self become distant memory, Let life be identified by your one chosen lane.”
“Let go of any pain inflicted upon you, intentionally or unintentionally. Forgive completely.”
“Let go of everything that was meant to destroy you – forgive.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“Let go of what keeps pulling you back. Forgive!”
“Let me be, was all I wanted. Be what I am, no matter how I am.”
“Let me give you a tip on a clue to men's characters: the man who damns money has obtained it dishonorably; the man who respects it has earned it.”
“Let me tell you: the only way to get rid of dragons is to have one of your own.”
“Let others lead small lives, but not you.. Let others argue over small things, but not you.. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you.. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.”
“Let people busy saying so, you keep busy doing so:)”
“Let the dust settle, and you will see more clearly.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Let them do what they want to do. Do what you must. Forgive.”
“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“Let us always be kind to one another, for our kindness is the beginning of Love.”
“Let us keep enough money to enjoy each breath we take, but definitely not too much, if we don’t want to spoil the fragrance of our dreams and the poem of life.”
“Let your heart tell Allah that you love Him and let your actions tell others that you love Allah.”
“Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.”
“Let your life reflect the faith you have in God. Fear nothing and pray about everything. Be strong, trust God's word, and trust the process.”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“Letting go is better than languishing in sorrow because you are hurt by people who are not even sorry. Forgive them and let them go.”
“Letting go is the lesson. Letting go is always the lesson. Have you ever noticed how much of our agony is all tied up with craving and loss?”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Letting go of painful memories warms up the body, mind, and spirit”
“Letting him go There is a particular kind of suffering to be experienced when you love something greater than yourself. A tender sacrifice. Like the pained silence felt in the lost song of a mermaid; or the bent and broken feet of a dancing ballerina. It is in every considered step I am taking in the opposite direction of you.”
“Let’s not wait until the light fades into irreparable loss, but let’s stay in the loop and pursue the momentous flow of daily little wonders, since life kindly tenders us gorgeous bouquets of sparkling colors, telling signs and rousing episodes. (“Côté cour…Côté jardin”)”
“Liberty is only possible on the condition of regularity. We cannot be free and play the game of life without abiding to the rules, but the rules have to be adapted constantly in line with our experiences and the events we encounter. ( “If he doesn't play ball “ )”
“Lies have no permanent hiding place”
“Life  is like a grapefruit. Well, it's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half a one for breakfast.”
“Life - a meaningless thing, draped in some moments, that can be given any title or definition.”
“Life Is Like A FINAL EXAM, So Work Hard For It Is, And Not A Classroom Assignment.”
“Life Is infinite Great”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“Life and death- what paltry words, what tarnished bookends,what unjust summation for drawing breath one moment and failing to release it the next.”
“Life as I see it resembles much of a game, one that can't be won only played. So play your game, the one only you can play. Be present in every experience and aware of every moment, as it is being recorded in the book of life.”
“Life becomes better when you keep these realities in mind. 1. Your days are numbered, 2. You are not better than anyone, and 3. You can’t just live anyhow.”
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”
“Life begins when we learn to live together in peace.”
“Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.”
“Life belongs to those who are counted among the living. So, be conscious at all times and make yours count.”
“Life can be a misunderstanding, if we are ignorant of the right language or don’t try to learn it. « If lions could speak, we would not understand them. » says Ludwig Wittgenstein. If we make an effort, however, we could manage to understand. ( “ Life was a misunderstanding » )”
“Life can be boring if you do nothing exciting with your time.”
“Life can be demanding, and it is more demanding when you are the one always helping others, yet no one comes through when you go through hard times.”
“Life can be generous, but leaves us with a trilemma: How can we reconcile three diverse features: ‘I’, 'me' and the 'others'. Since the “I” entails what I want; the “me” what others expect of me and the “others” what others themselves want. The bridges between "individuality", “surroundings” and "otherness" can be abysmal and very often waiting to be restored. (“I am on my own side, but I can listen “ )”
“Life can be hard sometimes. When the journey gets tough, refuse to give up. Hold on until you rise.”
“Life can be powered by one, pure emotion”
“Life can be so good, especially when surrounded by genuine people who stand for the truth.”
“Life can be so short. So, as each day passes by, do not forget that you are also passing by. Be wise with your time.”
“Life can be tricky, especially when surrounded by tricksters.”
“Life can be very short. Therefore, make the most of it, so you won’t spend the rest of your life in regret.”
“Life can change at any time. That is why you need loved ones who can take care of you when things go south.”
“Life can coincidentally put you in a place you never wanted to see yourself. If that ever happens, pray and ask God for guidance.”
“Life can never be a dress rehearsal. It is real. Value your time and put no value on people or things that add no value to your life.”
“Life can never be the same without those who have a special meaning to you, but if they choose to leave you along the way, learn to live without them and let sanity prevail.”
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”
“Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!”
“Life ceases to be tough when you choose to be tough and not give up in tough times.”
“Life comes once. Live wisely.”
“Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”
“Life contracts before it expands, and pulls back before it leaps forward. This balancing act is not something we should resist, but rather, embrace.”
“Life did not stop, and one had to live.”
“Life does not accommodate you; it shatters you. Every seed destroys its container, or else there would be no fruition.”
“Life does not belong to you. It is the apartment you rent. Love without fear, for love is an airplane that carries you to new lands. There is a universe in silence. A tunnel to peace in a scream. Get a good night's sleep. Laugh when you can. You are more magical than you know. Take your advice from the elderly and children. None of it as crucial as you think, but that makes it no less vital. Our lives go on, and on. Look for the breadcrumbs.”
“Life doesn't always give us the choices we want. All we can do is make the best of things.”
“Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.”
“Life doesn't make any sense, and we all pretend it does. Comedy's job is to point out that it doesn't make sense, and that it doesn't make much difference anyway.”
“Life doesn't require ideals. It requires standards of action.”
“Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.”
“Life doesn’t give you what you want. Life gives you what you fight for.”
“Life emerges when something is alive and living.”
“Life equals running and when we stop running maybe that's how we'll know life is finally finished.”
“Life flirts with me, seduces me. I constantly hear the siren call of life.”
“Life gives us a flair of awareness in the breeze of our daily journey and offers a free reign to explore what we are, to experience what we are not and to find out what we may become: a free ride until everything melts down into the indistinct and indefinite, while walking up to the ultimate gate of non-existence. ("Living on probation")”
“Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.”
“Life gives you lots of chances to screw up which means you have just as many chances to get it right.”
“Life goes on. Get over it. You're still young. It'll get better. Blah, Blah, Blah”
“Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.”
“Life had been hard on him, but he was still moving, and he was still working, and he was still fighting for those who couldn't fight for themselves.”
“Life happened as it has, so we could be what we had to be.”
“Life happens so we can become what we need to become.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“Life happens. Shit Happens. And it happens a lot. To a lot of people !!”
“Life happens. Shit happens. And it happens a lot. To a lot of people.”
“Life has a cost of time, that is constantly in motion and passing by at an incredible speed.”
“Life has a lot of good people, but it also has cruel people. Regardless of how you are treated, never settle for being cruel in an attempt to avenge. Do whatever it takes to break the chain of wickedness.”
“Life has a meaning but do not set out to find out. Just live it out.”
“Life has a sense even if its purpose is senseless.”
“Life has a tendency to provide a person with what they need in order to grow. Our beliefs, what we value in life, provide the roadmap for the type of life that we experience. A period of personal unhappiness reveals that our values are misplaced and we are on the wrong path. Unless a person changes their values and ideas, they will continue to experience discontentment.”
“Life has a way of dragging you along even if you didn't want to move.”
“Life has a way of going in circles. Ideally, it would be a straight path forward––we'd always know where we were going, we'd always be able to move on and leave everything else behind. There would be nothing but the present and the future. Instead, we always find ourselves where we started. When we try to move ahead, we end up taking a step back. We carry everything with us, the weight exhausting us until we want to collapse and give up. We forget things we try to remember. We remember things we'd rather forget. The most frightening thing about memory is that it leaves no choice. It has mastered an incomprehensible art of forgetting. It erases, it smudges, it fills in blank spaces with details that don't exist. But however we remember it––or choose to remember it––the past is the foundation that holds our lives in place. Without its support, we'd have nothing for guidance. We spend so much time focused on what lies ahead, when what has fallen behind is just as important. What defines us isn't where we're going, but where we've been. Although there are places and people we will never see again, and although we move on and let them go, they remain a part of who we are. There are things that will never change, things we will carry along with us always. But as we venture into the murky future, we must find our strength by learning to leave things behind.”
“Life has become immeasurably better since I have been forced to stop taking it seriously.”
“Life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future.”
“Life has but one true charm: the charm of the game. But what if we’re indifferent to whether we win or lose?”
“Life has challenges, but those challenges will challenge you to come out of your comfort zone. Once you are out of your comfort zone, you will enjoy real comfort later on.”
“Life has hidden stairs; whenever you feel trapped, look for those mysterious stairs to get out of there!”
“Life has its ups and downs. When it feels hard and you find yourself in a corner, it may be even harder to make decisions. It is, therefore, important to seek divine help in making the right decisions because God can easily open the right doors when you follow the right steps.”
“Life has no dress rehearsal. What you do now cannot be undone. Learn to do things right.”
“Life has no friend, my friend. Treat it well.”
“Life has no remote .get up and change it yourself!”
“Life has so many twists and turns. What is more significant is to live with gratitude rather than regrets; to live with enthusiasm and avoid any form of pessimism; to live by faith and realize that regardless of the circumstances, you can still attain greatness.”
“Life imitates art and art imitates life until imitation imitates imitation - Reality TV.”
“Life in us is like the water in a river.”
“Life initially is not difficult to live in but the circumstances we create in the journey of life can damage or mend one's life.”
“Life is 10 percent what you make it and 90 percent how you take it.”
“Life is Lovely, Live it Large”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.”
“Life is a bitch; you get used though, or you kill yourself. Either way, you're winning.”
“Life is a blank canvas, and you need to throw all the paint on it you can.”
“Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.”
“Life is a book. If you’re unhappy with your life, start the new book.”
“Life is a bowl of blueberries, sometimes you have to pick out the rotten ones.”
“Life is a bowl of blueberries, sometimes you have to sort out the sour ones.”
“Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.”
“Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with ”
“Life is a chance given to you to change the world. So, while you can, do your level best!”
“Life is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel.”
“Life is a compromise of what your ego wants to do, what experience tells you to do, and what your nerves let you do.”
“Life is a constant adventure in the making, in which you are not only the actor but also the writer and the director.”
“Life is a constant state of exploration and evolution. Twelve years ago, I wrote that I was on a journey of discovery and change. This has turned out to be the one phrase that has stayed true throughout all the alterations in my life and in my way of thinking.”
“Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance.”
“Life is a delicate dance between holding on and letting go, finding balance in the ever-changing rhythms of existence.”
“Life is a divine play, it's non-purposive. Just enjoy the stage and its characters.”
“Life is a double win. The more we help others, the farther we all go.”
“Life is a drama full of tragedy and comedy. You should learn to enjoy the comic episodes a little more.”
“Life is a dream from which we all must wake before we can dream again.”
“Life is a dream. We wake up when we die”
“Life is a full circle, widening until it joins the circle motions of the infinite.”
“Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“Life is a game with breaking the rules.”
“Life is a game. Fools play, and the wise watch.”
“Life is a gift consisting of time and presence not all fully unwrap this gift because we tend to have no presence when there is time and when in life we find presence then we find the limited time.”
“Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.”
“Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.”
“Life is a gift. Don't take it for granted.”
“Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.”
“Life is a great mystery that unfolds day by day. Be grateful for every step of the way.”
“Life is a journey filled with highs and lows: focus on learning from the lows, and living life to the fullest through the highs.”
“Life is a journey no one ever reported on. We all just live on a presumption of what it is.”
“Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar”
“Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.”
“Life is a long journey, an adventure, But every night witnesses the sun’s ray; The murkiness is a guest of instants- Adverse moments don’t stay!”
“Life is a long lesson in humility.”
“Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.”
“Life is a manifestation of the unified field of consciousness. Colors, beauty, pleasure and pain are its songs of creation.”
“Life is a matter of shared liberty.”
“Life is a mess of actions and emotions, a chaotic orb of unknown order, a fuse of color and the void.”
“Life is a miracle. We, all of us are creator beings. We are the joyful choice makers.”
“Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.”
“Life is a motion of emotions.”
“Life is a mystery. No matter how joyful you are, there is still a cost associated with your smiles. No matter how depressed you are, you must still pay a price for each tear, and no matter how many dreams you have, you must still sacrifice them.”
“Life is a mystery. Today you face the highest mountain; tomorrow you are beneath a rock somewhere in the valley. That is why you need to treat others with respect, for you never know where you will end up.”
“Life is a never ending journing. And in every place we land, a new lesson and experience is given to us as our souvenir.”
“Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.”
“Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.”
“Life is a peephole, a single tiny entry onto a vastness--how can I not dwell on this brief, cramped view of things? This peephole is all I've got!”
“Life is a perpetual yesterday for us.”
“Life is a pleasant voyage until it runs into a typhoon .”
“Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.”
“Life is a privilege. Learn the power of gratitude and life will never be the same.”
“Life is a race that you will get to run alone and sometimes with others in the form of a relay.”
“Life is a seed and seeds must be buried to grow.”
“Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.”
“Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.”
“Life is a series of pulls back and forth  A tension of opposites, like a pull on a rubber band. Most of us live somewhere in the middle. A wrestling match Which side win? Love wins. Love always wins”
“Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.”
“Life is a set of thousands of dots of miracles; Connect them to create a beautiful picture”
“Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.”
“Life is a sort of a debtors' prison where we are all playthings of fortune”
“Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.”
“Life is a spiral. As long as we lived, we would keep moving forward. But on a spiral path, getting closer to your destination meant periodically passing the same things—emotions, issues, character flaws—over and over again, the way a person walking up a spiral staircase would continually find himself facing north every ten steps or so.”
“Life is a split second away from death. While you still have yours, live it to the fullest.”
“Life is a succesion of lessons which must be lived to be understood.”
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.”
“Life is a tapestry woven by the decisions we make.”
“Life is a temporary journey on earth. Live it with the end in mind. Never leave anything undone until your last day on earth. You cannot suddenly run many miles per hour on your sickbed if you failed to do so while you were fit. Be responsible and purposeful with your life.”
“Life is a temporary trip through this world, so do not live as if you are a permanent resident.”
“Life is a tightrope walk. One has to balance the do's and don'ts.”
“Life is a time leased by Death”
“Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so let's all get wasted and have the time of our lives.”
“Life is a web of intersections and choices. Your 1st choice is to recognize an intersection. Your 2nd choice is to be grateful for it.”
“Life is a winking light in the darkness.”
“Life is about a constant flow of breaths, without which one is essentially dead. Therefore, learn to appreciate every breath you take.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Life is about finding the chewy center inside all the hard”
“Life is all about becoming a better version of yourself.”
“Life is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God).”
“Life is all about discovering your true self and helping someone discover their true self without consideration, expectation, and returns. And I think that is what life is all about and what is to be a human.”
“Life is all about enjoying the good times while they're here and knowing they won't last. And when the bad times come, we know they won't last either.”
“Life is all about making decisions, but it's not the decisions we make that shape our lives - it's our habits. Habits are the daily actions that give us direction and eventually decide where we end up. So choose your habits wisely.”
“Life is all about the decisions we make and the habits we keep. Don't be fooled into thinking that your future is decided by someone else - you have control over your destiny.”
“Life is always available in the present, it cannot be searched in either past or future”
“Life is always fair, both to those who are unfair and to those who are fair.”
“Life is always going to get in the way of our best intentions and most well-made plans.”
“Life is always sweet in Christ Jesus, all depends only on your faith in Him.”
“Life is amazing when there is progress. That is why you must strive to take steps that lead to success.”
“Life is amazing, but its amazing wonders are hard to realize when others become atrocious. Wherever you are, choose to be good, do good, and make a difference.”
“Life is an adventure of passion, risk, danger, laughter, beauty, love; a burning curiosity to go with the action to see what it is all about, to go search for a pattern of meaning, to burn one's bridges because you're never going to go back anyway, and to live to the end.”
“Life is an adventure whose experience is incredible when you focus on the bigger picture.”
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.”
“Life is an air bubble. There is enough air without enough layer.”
“Life is an alliance between light and dark colors, having an attractive force towards the light ones is our purpose in this life because when we reach it we understand why life is beautiful”
“Life is an experience that the majority of us miss and regret at a later stage, so never miss an opportunity to smile, live a moment, cherish, and make someone smile. That is what life is all about.”
“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”
“Life is an experimental journey undertaken involuntarily. It is a journey of the spirit through the material world and, since it is the spirit that travels, it is the spirit that is experienced. That is why there exist contemplative souls who have lived more intensely, more widely, more tumultuously than others who have lived their lives purely externally.”
“Life is an illusion, there is neither birth nor death; Realize your true Self as the Divine.”
“Life is an intricate play with actors waiting for an explanation. Each added act confers a new interpretation of the story. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )”
“Life is an opportunity to rise above our ignorance towards knowledge, comprehension, education & intelligence before the sun of life sets.”
“Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.”
“Life is apple rings fried in bacon, followed by a walk on the beach, raging winds driving the rain sideways. Life is frosty nights and blue-sky days”
“Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.”
“Life is based on good and evil, stay on the good side always.”
“Life is beautiful when you choose to see its beauty amid ugly situations. Learn to see life’s beauty just as you see the beauty of a rose, despite its thorns.”
“Life is beautiful, but the most dreadful things can happen at any time. So, learn to embrace the beauty of life, no matter what.”
“Life is better when people choose to love one another, look after each other and laugh together.”
“Life is better when you treat it like an examination. In an examination, you do not just write anything based on how you feel; you are expected to answer the examiner's questions.”
“Life is but a day; A fragile dew-drop on its perilous way From a tree’s summit.”
“Life is but a dream for the dead.”
“Life is but a laughing matter, Better die laughing than live crying.”
“Life is changing every day Whatever time you got now is yours Life might be complicated Live life to the fullest And for all you know, tomorrow might never be!”
“Life is choice. All day, everyday. Who we talk to, where we sit, what we say, how we say it. And our lives become defined by our choices. It's as simple and as complex as that. And as powerful. so when I'm observing that's what I'm watching for. The choices people make”
“Life is choosing whom and what you love. Everything else follows.”
“Life is constantly teaching us lessons. The question is are we listening, learning and applying them?”
“Life is dear to every living thing; the worm that crawls upon the ground will struggle for it.”
“Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.”
“Life is easy, but sometimes people complicate it by trying to complicate the lives of others.”
“Life is easy. If you hate complications, do not complicate other people's lives.”
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.”
“Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.”
“Life is fair. What makes it unfair are human beings who subject others to unfair treatment.”
“Life is filled with unanswered questions, but it is the courage to seek those answers that continues to give meaning to life. You can spend your life wallowing in despair, wondering why you were the one who was led towards the road strewn with pain, or you can be grateful that you are strong enough to survive it.”
“Life is fleeting and delicate in many ways; as situations can change 180 degrees without any prior warning.”
“Life is for certain an educational, magical, mysterious process- a privilege of our birthright and a gift.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“Life is for service.”
“Life is for the living. Death is for the dead. Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.”
“Life is fragile and temporary. The faces of today quickly become the faces of the past. Sorrow, pain, and anger  it all fades- except love. Love is forever and there after, even when we've fallen to our graves.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.”
“Life is full of challenges, but it’s also full of beautiful moments that are only made possible when we push ourselves to overcome difficult times.”
“Life is full of fun and happy moments.”
“Life is full of grief, to exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people.”
“Life is full of luck, like getting dealt a good hand, or simply by being in the right place at the right time. Some people get luck handed to them, a second chance, a save. It can happen heroically, or by a simple coincidence , but there are those who don’t get luck on a shiny platter, who end up in the wrong place at the wrong time, who don’t get saved.”
“Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.”
“Life is full of moments, some big and wondrous, some small and quiet…but none are ordinary.”
“Life is full of traps; the most dangerous of these are the traps that you do not realize even after you are caught because if you do not realize that you are in the trap, you will remain in the trap!”
“Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.”
“Life is given to each one of us. In most cases, we choose how we want to navigate our individual paths.”
“Life is good when you know that you were born for a reason—a good reason, for that matter. It does not matter what happens. The most important thing is that you were born to make an impact.”
“Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!”
“Life is good, but sometimes you can go through bad times. When bad times show up in your path, choose to remain good to others.”
“Life is grace. Sleep is forgiveness. The night absolves. Darkness wipes the slate clean, not spotless to be sure, but clean enough for another day's chalking.”
“Life is great when you choose to be grateful.”
“Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.”
“Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.”
“Life is hard when you are surrounded by people who think they are always right and never notice when you are right.”
“Life is hard. After all, it kills you.”
“Life is hell, at some point we all just have to get used to it.”
“Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent.”
“Life is intermittent. Mine at least it is.”
“Life is just a lot of everyday adventures.”
“Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.”
“Life is just mirrors and misunderstandings.”
“Life is legitimately an organized affair and experience, however one that is interesting for many reasons, one being the complete unpredictability of mass events and outcomes.”
“Life is life. You choose to live it or you do not.”
“Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.”
“Life is like a book, the more you go through it the more you learn from it.”
“Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8 color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64 color boxes with the sharpeners on the back. I fancy myself to be a 64 color box, though I've got a few missing. It's okay though, because I've got some more vibrant colors like periwinkle at my disposal. I have a bit of a problem though in that I can only meet the 8 color boxes. Does anyone else have that problem? I mean there are so many different colors of life, of feeling, of articulation. So when I meet someone who's an 8 color type I'm like, hey girl, Magenta! and she's like, oh, you mean purple! and she goes off on her purple thing, and I'm like, no I want Magenta!”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important. Capture the good times. And if things don't work out, just take another shot.”
“Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.”
“Life is like a cup; what drips out of it depends on what you have filled it with.”
“Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.”
“Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.”
“Life is like a maze, a complex syntax and is much more than a sophisticated algorithm.”
“Life is like a novel. It's filled with suspense. You have no idea what is going to happen until you turn the page.”
“Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.”
“Life is like a river. It only moves in one direction—towards the ocean. Your life is also moving in one direction—towards the cemetery. Therefore, prepare enough for a triumphant exit.”
“Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction.”
“Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.”
“Life is like an Ocean! You either swim to stay on the top, or do nothing and sink to the bottom!”
“Life is like an onion; you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.”
“Life is like driving on the road. You will sometimes encounter speed limits, speed bumps, speed cops, slippery roads and sharp curves. The road will not always be flat, regardless of the vehicle you drive. What is important is to arrive at the right destination despite the variations as you advance.”
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”
“Life is like the ocean. Sometimes, there will be sunshine and harmonious dance in each wave. Then, a time might come when storms are gonna hurl in, crashing everything apart in their way.”
“Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.”
“Life is like your favorite meal. Enjoy it until it's gone!”
“Life is made up of many beautiful experiences, which you will experience often if you do not dwell on the conveniences.”
“Life is made up of many moments. When you repeatedly botch those moments, eventually there is a price to pay”
“Life is magical, but you will never realize that magic around people who constantly pull you down.”
“Life is meant for realizing your true Self (Atman) in the Divine Consciousness (God), and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.”
“Life is meant to realize your true Self in the Higher Consciousness of God and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“Life is merely a series of moments and is in fact an unflinching serial killer, since it kills steadily each moment one after the other. Memory is the only survivor. (“Just for a moment”)”
“Life is more beautiful when springled with a bit of fun.”
“Life is more fun if you play games.”
“Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.”
“Life is much better when you choose to capture the best moments.”
“Life is neither fair, nor a fair; for a fair ends, life goes on. Stay motivated.”
“Life is neither hard nor easy, life is life. Understanding this will help you endure every life situation, for life is neither hard nor easy, life is simply life.”
“Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.”
“Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.”
“Life is not a bowl of free custard and jelly. It can be a very challenging journey; be that as it may, find reasons to be jolly.”
“Life is not a competition. Be content with what you have, and do not contend with anyone who seeks to compete with you.”
“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.”
“Life is not a contest. Never compete with others if you want to be content.”
“Life is not a cosmic vending machine where you put in your two cents and get what you want when you want it. Life is more like the seasons or the ebb and flow of the tides. We prepare or react to what comes and we are molded and strengthened or shriveled and embittered.”
“Life is not a expectations, Because life is a full of surprises”
“Life is not a fantasy; it is a reality. Therefore, avoid any form of fallacy.”
“Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.”
“Life is not a movie, and that is why you must never tolerate actors who come in the name of love yet are filled with too many lies.”
“Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes and mind to what lies behind, so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes, and mind to what lies behind; so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it, and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not a straight line leading from one blessing to the next and then finally to heaven. Life is a winding and troubled road. Switchback after switchback. And the point of biblical stories like Joseph and Job and Esther and Ruth is to help us feel in our bones (not just know in our heads) that God is for us in all these strange turns. God is not just showing up after the trouble and cleaning it up. He is plotting the course and managing the troubles with far-reaching purposes for our good and for the glory of Jesus Christ.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage, and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about how many times you can dodge the waves, it’s about how well you can swim in choppy waters.”
“Life is not about the absence of trials. They will somehow show up even if we did not commit any crime. The presence of trials helps us stand the test of time.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not about the number of times your name shows up on a search engine. What matters is the number of times you touch another person’s life.”
“Life is not about vicinity, it is all about cherishing the divinity.”
“Life is not about what you have achieved in the past. It is about what you can achieve in your lifetime. There is always room to excel at your craft. So, make good use of your time.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives, focus on the positives.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives; focus on the positives.”
“Life is not always easy, but when you believe, you will find ways to win.”
“Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times and carving new paths.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times, and carving new paths.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times. and carving new paths.”
“Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not black and white. There are too many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not chewing gum. You have to accept the sweetness and the tastelessness.”
“Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision, and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not easy. We all have problems-even tragedies-to deal with, and luck has nothing to do with it. Bad luck is only the superstitious excuse for those who don't have the wit to deal with the problems of life. ”
“Life is not in any way guaranteed. With each minute that you get to live, be grateful for it.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground. It is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is not like water. Things in life don't necessarily flow over the shortest possible route.”
“Life is not measured by time. It is measured by moments.”
“Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.”
“Life is not notable for its overabundance of certainty.”
“Life is not on autopilot. You will have to stop, go forward, reverse, or park at times. But the best time is when you move forward. It is when you go places you were meant to go. When you go where no one else has ever dared to go. When you go, as if there is nothing else to stop you on the road, because each time you decide to go, it helps you discover more about your purpose.”
“Life is not perfect, individuals will always be flawed, but empathy-the sheer inability to see those around them as anything other than people too- conquers all in the end”
“Life is not shallow. We have to dig deep to live.”
“Life is not to be taken seriously, as we are really temporary here. We are like a pre-paid card with limited validity. If we are lucky, we may last another 50 years. And 50 years is just 2,500 weekends. Do we really need to get so worked up? It’s ok, bunk a few classes, goof up a few interviews, fall in love. We are people, not programmed devices.”
“Life is nothing without a little chaos to make it interesting.”
“Life is often an ocean of stories of short happiness and long misery! You can jump into any of these stories and add something new to the story! You can extend short happiness a little, and shorten long unhappiness a little, but you cannot create a life where happiness is more than unhappiness because human beings always create unhappiness for themselves, they are very successful at this!”
“Life is only long when we are unhappy.”
“Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are”
“Life is our pilgrimage to get to our heavenly home.”
“Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.”
“Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.”
“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”
“Life is painful and messed up. It gets complicated at the worst of times, and sometimes you have no idea where to go or what to do. Lots of times people just let themselves get lost, dropping into a wide open, huge abyss. But that's why we have to keep trying. We have to push through all that hurts us, work past all our memories that are haunting us. Sometimes the things that hurt us are the things that make us strongest. A life without experience, in my opinion, is no life at all. And that's why I tell everyone that, even when it hurts, never stop yourself from living.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely, you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years or decades to be alive. Yet, for them it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years, or decades to be alive. Yet, for them, it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.”
“Life is pretty much the same everywhere, it seemed; ugly, putrid, infested with vermin, full of shameful secrets and dark corners. Still, life is life, and he must make the best of it.”
“Life is problems. Living is solving problems.”
“Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Life is quite short; do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Life is sexy music, spicy-hot enchiladas and stacks of yellowed journals. It is the salsa and the gossip that floats on city breezes”
“Life is short, but do not shorten it even further by taking shortcuts.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure: the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“Life is short. Thank God the earth is small.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous possessive love that grabs at what it can.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can get.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud ”
“Life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.”
“Life is so full of unpredictable beauty and strange surprises. Sometimes that beauty is too much for me to handle. Do you know that feeling? When something is just too beautiful? When someone says something or writes something or plays something that moves you to the point of tears, maybe even changes you.”
“Life is so good when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.”
“Life is spectacular. Forget the dark things. Take a drink and let time wash them away to where ever time washes away to.”
“Life is strange,’ she said. ‘How we live it all at once. In a straight line. But really that’s not the whole picture. Because life isn’t simply made of the things we do, but the things we don’t do too. And every moment of our life is a . . . kind of turning.”
“Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?”
“Life is such a subject that even life will fall short to understand”
“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
“Life is surely not a movie, do not live it as though you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is surely not a movie; do not live as if you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.”
“Life is the farce we are all forced to endure.”
“Life is the greatest gift from God, love it and live it to it's fullest.”
“Life is the most magical chance in life.”
“Life is the night sky All the dots of stars are happiness”
“Life is the only trip where the journey is more important than the destination.”
“Life is the slow change from who we used to be into who we are now.”
“Life is the tragedy,' she said bitterly. 'You know how they categorize Shakespeare's plays, right? If it ends with a wedding, it's a comedy. And if it ends with a funeral, it's a tragedy. So we're all living tragedies, because we all end the same way, and it isn't with a goddamn wedding.”
“Life is to be enjoyed, not endured”
“Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.”
“Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.”
“Life is too short for negativity. Focus all your energy to create happiness.”
“Life is too short to be ambitious all the time.”
“Life is too short to be fighting for what is not rightfully yours.”
“Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding and keep winning.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.”
“Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!”
“Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.”
“Life is too short when you think of the length of death”
“Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly.”
“Life is too short. If you have to be anyone, be yourself.”
“Life is tragic simply because the earth turns and the sun inexorably rises and sets, and one day, for each of us, the sun will go down for the last, last time. Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, the only fact we have. It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death--ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible for life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love.”
“Life is very simple and everything is crystal clear. Only our thoughts are complex and vision, blurred.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil. Learn to ignore the unsettling noise. Use the time you have to do more.”
“Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”
“Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.”
“Life is worth living as long as there's a laugh in it.”
“Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.”
“Life is, in fact, a battle. Evil is insolent and strong; beauty enchanting, but rare; goodness very apt to be weak; folly very apt to be defiant; wickedness to carry the day; imbeciles to be in great places, people of sense in small, and mankind generally unhappy. But the world as it stands is no narrow illusion, no phantasm, no evil dream of the night; we wake up to it, forever and ever; and we can neither forget it nor deny it nor dispense with it.”
“Life isn't about being silent. It's about knowing when to speak up.”
“Life isn't about escaping but it's all about experiencing.”
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
“Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!”
“Life isn't about never looking back. It's about looking back with gratitude for making it this far.”
“Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass It's about learning to dance in the rain.”
“Life isn't as serious as the mind makes it out to be.”
“Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.”
“Life isn't worth living, unless it is lived for someone else.”
“Life isn’t about what you get, it’s about what you DO with what you get.”
“Life isn’t fair." I said. "It’s taken me a while to get that. It’s always going to disappoint you in some way or another. You’ll make plans, and it’ll push you in another direction. You will love people, and they’ll be taken away no matter how hard you fight to keep them. You’ll try for something and won’t get it. You don’t have to find meaning in it; you don’t have to try to change things. You just have to accept the things that are out of your hands and try to take care of yourself. That’s your job.”
“Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED.”
“Life isn’t what it is. It’s what it can be.”
“Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade ”
“Life leads us into its spaces slowly. We’re not sure what awaits us next. We set out to explore it, moving circumspectly, with a sense of anticipation then suddenly it opens up and teases us with its transparency.”
“Life lessons cannot be applied topically.”
“Life likes to do to us what we do to it. If we are scared of it, it scares us too. If we try to escape it, it gets us by our neck.If we try to chase it, it slips us by. If we love it, it simply loves us back. -Emit Eht”
“Life lived in the absence of the psychedelic experience that primordial shamanism is based on is life trivialized, life denied, life enslaved to the ego.”
“Life makes fools of all of us sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, its our own expectations that crush us.”
“Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life may not always be pleasant, but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your ‘A’ game.”
“Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.”
“Life may not seem fair, but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life may not seem fair; but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life must go on; I forget just why.”
“Life must not be a novel that is given to us, but one that is made by us. ”
“Life offers many free lessons, but most people would rather pay the heavy price of ignorance because they cannot pay attention to the subtle lessons of life.”
“Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.”
“Life offers various lessons, but it is your choice to take them or leave them. If you take those lessons, you will make your way into the world of wisdom.”
“Life often finds a way of teaching us something, whether we are willing to learn or unwilling.”
“Life on the run was filled with dreams, some at night during sleep, real dreams, and some when the mind was awake but drifting. Most were terrifying, the nightmares of the shadows growing bolder and larger. Others were pleasant wishes of a rosy future, free of the past. These were rare, Patrick had learned. Life on the run was life in the past. There was no closure”
“Life owes you nothing. It is a gift given without promises.”
“Life partner is strength and weakness of men”
“Life requires both discernment and wisdom because some people come to help solve problems, while others come to create more problems. Discernment will help you know them, and wisdom will help you know how to deal with them.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good, even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Life seems sometimes like nothing more than a series of losses, from beginning to end. That's the given. How you respond to those losses, what you make of what's left, that's the part you have to make up as you go.”
“Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music.”
“Life should be a risk. It's more than a straight line that you can see clearly from one point to the other. It dips and curves and you never know what's around the bend sometimes until you get there. That scares a lot of people. But that's the beauty of it.”
“Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming "Wow! What a Ride!”
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.”
“Life smiles at you when you smile at the obstacles of life.”
“Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there. ”
“Life sucks, and then you die. Yeah, I should be so lucky.”
“Life sucks, then you die. Then it sucks again. ”
“Life swings like a pendulum backward and forward between pain and boredom.”
“Life takes a bit of time and a lot of relationship.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing ”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Life teaches us two important things - we are careless when we are young and by the time we get old, it is too late to be careful!!”
“Life tends to stray laterally on its linear course.”
“Life was designed to be neither painful nor pain-free. You have to journey through it, irrespective of the pain or pleasures along the way.”
“Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.”
“Life was not easy, nor was it happy, but she did not expect life to be easy, and, if it was not happy, that was woman's lot. It was a man's world, and she accepted it as such. The man owned the property, and the woman managed it. The man took credit for the management, and the woman praised his cleverness. The man roared like a bull when a splinter was in his finger, and the woman muffled the moans of childbirth, lest she disturb him. Men were rough of speech and often drunk. Women ignored the lapses of speech and put the drunkards to bed without bitter words. Men were rude and outspoken, women were always kind, gracious and forgiving.”
“Life was not longer something to endure, but to live. ”
“Life was not to be sitting in hot amorphic leisure in my backyard idly writing or not-writing, as the spirit moved me. It was, instead, running madly, in a crowded schedule, in a squirrel cage of busy people. Working, living, dancing, dreaming, talking, kissing - singing, laughing, learning.”
“Life was simpler, too, if one did not think too hard. -The Burning Soul”
“Life will allow you to meet cruel people at some point. When the unexpected happens, learn to be strong.”
“Life will always have highs and lows. Learn to live triumphantly, no matter what happens.”
“Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.”
“Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.”
“Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.”
“Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.”
“Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.”
“Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.”
“Life will always throw in big demands, but you can meet them if you do not give up.”
“Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we're living right now.”
“Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won’t either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up.”
“Life will constantly grant you an opportunity to learn. Use it well.”
“Life will defend itself no matter how small it is.”
“Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.”
“Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.”
“Life will just not wait for us to live it: We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live”
“Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.”
“Life will not always be easy, but we can make it easy when we collectively choose to break the existing limits in our society.”
“Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.”
“Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.”
“Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.”
“Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.”
“Life will offer you a unique experience, so ensure you live each day without fear, doubt, or regret.”
“Life will offer you an opportunity to make choices. You can choose greatness or insignificance, brightness or darkness, happiness or sadness. Whatever you choose, let it be your choice and not somebody else’s.”
“Life will pass right by you,” she says, her eyes focused on the road. “And you end up missing the little things, the moments you don’t think matter—but they do. Moments that make you forget about everything else. Just like with your writing,” she adds out of nowhere. “You don’t write to get to the end. You write because you enjoy doing it. You write and don’t want it to end. Does that make some sense?”
“Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.”
“Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.”
“Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.”
“Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.”
“Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.”
“Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.”
“Life will teach you to be kind if you are the kind who loves to learn.”
“Life without God is like an aircraft without a captain. It is bound to crash at any time.”
“Life without God is like the flower that never blooms, the stream that never flows, the sun that never shines, a kiss that never touches, a word that's never spoken, a smile that's never given, a mountain without a peak, the rain without the drops, the wind without the breeze; a life without God is living without life.”
“Life without God means choosing to bear your burdens and pains alone.”
“Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.”
“Life without failures and heartbreaks ain't no life at all.”
“Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.”
“Life would be unbearably dull if we had answers to all our questions.”
“Life would become so boring without the presence of death.”
“Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the instrument as you go along.”
“Life's a freaking mess. In fact, I'm going to tell Sarah we need to start a new philosophical movement: messessentialism instead of existentialism: For those who revel in the essential mess that is life. Because Gram's right, there's not one truth ever, just a bunch of stories, all going on at once, in our heads, in our hearts, all getting in the way of each other. It's all a beautiful calamitous mess. It's like the day Mr. James took us into the woods and cried triumphantly, "That's it! That's it!" to the dizzying cacophony of soloing instruments trying to make music together. That is it.”
“Life's as kind as you let it be.”
“Life's full of chances to hurt yourself or someone else [ ] In the next few days, you'll have more chances to hurt yourself than most men get in a lifetime. It's learning things and doing things right that make it worthwhile, make a man easy with himself. When I was young, nobody could tell me anything. I knew it all. It took a lot of mistakes to teach me that I didn't know goose shit from tapioca.”
“Life's not black-and-white. Sometimes the ends justifies the means.”
“Life's pain. You just have to get over as much of it as you can. -Isabel Culpeper”
“Life's problems can bring you to your knees; it doesn't matter; what matters is your behaviour after kneeling! Will you stay on the ground or stand up?”
“Life's short. Write hard.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Life's true wonders unfold when we dare to shift our minds and embrace the transformative dance of paradigm change.”
“Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.”
“Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.”
“Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.”
“Life, however simple, is hard to live. Life, however hard, is simple to live. Mindset is everything.”
“Life, it's not denying or agreeing with you- it is just always stating itself.”
“Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.”
“Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.”
“Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit”
“Life. It’s not just about watching the stars. It’s about shining with them.”
“Lifetime isn't measured in time, Lifetime is measured in kind.”
“Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.”
“Life’s greatest gift is the freedom it leaves you to step out of it whenever you choose.”
“Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse”
“Lift others with you and others will lift many more, soon when you look back at where you started you will be proud that you did!”
“Light is easy to love. Show me your darkness.”
“Lightning makes no sound until it strikes.”
“Lightning. Once it has forked, hot-white, from sky to earth, there is no going back”
“Lights can't please you if your heart is filled with darkness.”
“Like a glove, life fits if you can just get yourself to fit with it. But, like a mule, it can kick if you get yourself out of step with it.”
“Like a running blaze on a plain, like a flash of lightning in the clouds. We live in the flicker.”
“Like a shepherd and sheep, its principle is simple, redirection towards the obligatory path, and speaking of Ozcan, he is the most proficient in this game. Watch the professionals do it in the reorientation of functional organizations. There is no need to recruit them all, it is enough for them to do what a shepherd does with a flock of sheep; blocking the roads in front of them, putting a dog in one place, standing and waving his stick in another place, to force them to take the path he wants, towards the barn. And if you spoke to one of them, it would swear to you that it is going the way it wants, which it chose with its full will, or chosen for them by their leader at the forefront of the herd, who knows the secrets of the ways, believing that they go the way they want. He decided that he should play the game according to its laws since they are sheep, so do not try to address them or convince them, but rather direct them to where you want. He did not know anything about deterministic algorithms at the time, his decision was based on his innate, something inside him. He succeeded, however, by making a butterfly flutter, far away. Some straying out of the Shepherd’s path, then another artificial flutter associated with the first to accelerate the process, and then a third, and a fourth, then the chaos ensued, and the hurricanes blew up all the inevitable of Alpha Headquarters. A butterfly fluttered where no one was watching, he studied and planned it carefully. Words by a revolutionary Palestinian poet, Mahmoud Darwish, summarized the whole story… Throw a stone into the stagnant water, rivers will break out Ring your bells in the kingdom of silence and sing your anthem And let the wall of fear break into dust like pottery”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life ”
“Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out.”
“Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.”
“Like lost children we live our unfinished adventures.”
“Like madness is the glory of this life.”
“Lily. Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“Lineage does not make a person's character The character of a person makes a lineage dignity. Although Yazid was also from the family of Hazrat Muawiyah but His character destroyed the dignity of his lineage forever.”
“Listen to good advice and kind warnings. They're for your benefit.”
“Listen to the cry of a woman in labor at the hour of giving birth — look at the dying man’s struggle at his last extremity, and then tell me whether something that begins and ends thus could be intended for enjoyment.”
“Listen to the people who love you. Believe that they are worth living for even when you don't believe it. Seek out the memories depression takes away and project them into the future. Be brave; be strong; take your pills. Exercise because it's good for you even if every step weighs a thousand pounds. Eat when food itself disgusts you. Reason with yourself when you have lost your reason.”
“Listen to the whispers or soon you will be listening to the screams.”
“Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”
“Listen to your inner voice more than the voices of people who never make an effort to understand your point of view.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.”
“Listen, everyone, you all have your own circumstances. Some of you come from rich families,and some poor. But your value isn't determined by such things--by things beyond your control. Each one of you must discover your own worth through your own efforts. So  don't make the mistake of thinking you alone are special.”
“Listen—I want to run all my life, screaming at the top of my lungs. Let all of life be an unfettered howl. Like the crowd greeting the gladiator. Don’t stop to think, don’t interrupt the scream, exhale, release life’s rapture. Everything is blooming. Everything is flying. Everything is screaming, choking on its screams. Laughter. Running. Let-down hair. That is all there is to life.”
“Little Moments that bloom in Christmas hue. How beautiful the night shines in the hue of dreams, as if lulling along a distant breeze, wrapped in a cold warmth of a solitary winter's eve! To me, Christmas is always about a bunch of happy moments, simple yet ornate in a colour of joy, something that connects our hearts to all that is pure and pristine, all that is beautifully simple and soulfully happy. And if we look closely, we can find those moments, every day in our regular lives, from sipping on our early morning coffee to munching on our midnight snack, from taking a moment to gaze at the sunset to simply sitting silent listening to our soul, beautiful unfiltered unadulterated moments that often go unnoticed yet remain forever warmed up in the cold embrace of our heart, frozen in a niche of a dream called Life. After all, Life is a beautiful dream. La vie est un beau rêve Stay in Love.”
“Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Live a life of gratitude and forgive even those who have a negative attitude towards you. When you have no room for grudges and follow the path of forgiveness, great things will gravitate towards you.”
“Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?”
“Live and Love Life, That's it, That's all.”
“Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life.”
“Live as if you will die tomorrow. Love as if they will die tomorrow.”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?”
“Live each day as if it were your last, for one day, you're sure to be right.”
“Live each day as if it were your last” is a good idea—once a week.”
“Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.”
“Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.”
“Live free or die.”
“Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human.”
“Live like the water droplets on the lotus's leaves, connected yet disconnected, and be open to letting go when u have to.”
“Live or die, but don't poison everything.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Live the moment. Cherish the present. Anticipate the future. Frame the yesteryear”
“Live them for the people who didn’t get to enjoy being a teenager. For the people who never lived past being a teenager.”
“Live to revel in just another twilight. Life may sink and disappear along with the sunset never to rise again”
“Live to the point of tears.”
“Live today. Tomorrow is never assured.”
“Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.”
“Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.”
“Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.”
“Living is such a great adventure. Swing between good and evil, pleasure and pain, success and failure. It's full of ups and downs.”
“Living life is hardest than bravely dying.”
“Living means being able to get out of the cycle of loneliness, boredom, and expectations, having carefree access to new pleasures and no money worries.”
“Living might mean taking chances, but they're worth taking. Loving might be a mistake. but its worth making”
“Living together instead of marrying is pretending at life; you want to test drive the car without fully purchasing it.”
“Living without thinking is like shooting without aiming; it can lead to missing opportunities and wasting precious moments.”
“Logic makes you lonely at the rally. And faith makes coming together logical”
“Loneliness is a horrifying disease that doesn't have a lot of options for its cure.”
“Look after your heart by learning to banish any form of unforgiveness from your life.”
“Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.”
“Look around. You will never find another person with your exact kind of life. Your path is unique. So, make sure that your thoughts, convictions and values enable you to add value.”
“Look at the ocean, it just goes and goes for miles, and the waves keep tumbling in. The rain falls on the surface and doesn’t even affect it. Sure, it gets rocky, but it just keeps moving along.”
“Look at the stars. See their beauty. And in that beauty, see yourself.”
“Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always find it.”
“Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.”
“Look in the mirror and see what it shows; Positivity on the face, inside negativity flows.”
“Look not to the faults of others, nor to their omissions and commissions. But rather look to your own acts, to what you have done and left undone.”
“Look within and recognize the power GOD has given you. You will be surprised how victorious you can be under any circumstances.”
“Look, everyone talks about the unknown like it's some big scary thing, but it's the familiar that's always bothered me. It's heavy, builds up around you like rocks, until it's walls and a ceiling and a cell.”
“Look, the clock is ticking. Life is too short. Too precious to reinvent the wheel or squander your potential.”
“Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.”
“Lose yourself beyond the identity of names, there is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with the surge of dancing steps.”
“Losing people helped me in finding my worth.”
“Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing is to lose your reason for living.”
“Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back. That's part of what it means to be alive. But inside our heads - at least that's where I imagine it - there's a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in awhile, let in fresh air, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you'll live forever in your own private library.”
“Lots of things can be fixed. Things can be fixed. But many times, relationships between people cannot be fixed, because they should not be fixed. You're aboard a ship setting sail, and the other person has joined the inland circus, or is boarding a different ship, and you just can't be with each other anymore. Because you shouldn't be.”
“Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.”
“Love and be loved. Settle for no less. Ask for no more.”
“Love and friendship. They are what make us who we are, and what can change us, if we let them.”
“Love changes things; hope allows us to endure until the change arrives.”
“Love changes what is probable and makes unlikely things possible.”
“Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.”
“Love does not only need a taste, but it also needs a present.”
“Love doesn't die alone - we kill it.”
“Love doesn't give you very many choices. When you love someone, you just want to be with them. If they break your heart, you will still love them. Because hearts are easy to break, and though love is tender and sometimes fragile, love isn't. Love sort of envelops you. It covers you like a giant shadow, then pulls you in like a blanket. You are so warm. The feeling surrounds you, and no matter how you feel, it is always there. You can't escape it. But you wouldn't want to. You are so, so safe. You can't remember the last time you were this happy. Were you ever? This happy? Every second you are apart feels like hours. Sometimes, right before you fall asleep, you miss them so much it hurts. You ache for them. Their warmth. Their touch. Their smell. You need them. When you can't sleep you wish and wish and wish that they would wake up and talk to you. When you dream of them, you wake up smiling. When pain stabs into you, you reach out for them. You cry to them, begging them to hold you and make it all go away, make everything go away. Love addicts you to its feeling. You never, ever want to lose that feeling. Sometimes the fear of losing love drives people to do crazy things. Like buy a plane ticket. Make a phone call. Run out of a class. Cry. Write. Laugh. Because when you love someone, you really love them. You give them your whole heart. You trust them. You never want to be away from them. Sometimes, you don't even need their words. You just need them there. Love is such an amazing thing, and too many people take it for granted. If you're in love, don't let it go. Don't you dare let it go.”
“Love doesn't sit in a bank account; relationships are life's true wealth.”
“Love doesn't want people to stay ignorant and frightened. Love doesn't value obedience over all else. Love doesn't judge and find some lives--or loves--more valuable than others. Love doesn't use people and throw them away. Love stays, and makes you stronger, even when the person you love is gone.”
“Love doesn’t have to be on Valentine’s Day. It doesn’t have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn’t have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn’t have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day. It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirt. It just has to be.”
“Love in the rain is better than hate in the sunshine.”
“Love is a choice, including to love God. It is an exercise of will. As we will to work to support our families, as we will to go for a workout or study for a test. Love is more than a feeling it takes effort and action on our own part to exist.”
“Love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. And when it subsides you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion. That is just being in love, which any fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident. Those that truly love have roots that grow towards each other underground, and, when all the pretty blossoms have fallen from their branches, they find that they are one tree and not two.”
“Love is all that awaits you.”
“Love is blind. Love of money is blind. Greed and money make people forfeit the quiddity of life, banish them from what is essential and alienate them from themselves. They lose their identity and become drifting exiles. ( "Money rocking and rolling" )”
“Love is forever. If it wasn't, it wouldn't be love. The world is beautiful. If it wasn't, it wouldn't be the world.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“Love is hard to find, hard to keep, and hard to forget.”
“Love is just another dirty lie. Love is ergoapiol pills to make me come around because you were afraid to have a baby. Love is quinine and quinine and quinine until I'm deaf with it. Love is that dirty aborting horror that you took me to. Love is my insides all messed up. It's half catheters and half whirling douches. I know about love. Love always hangs up behind the bathroom door. It smells like lysol. To hell with love. Love is making me happy and then going off to sleep with your mouth open while I lie awake all night afraid to say my prayers even because I know I have no right to anymore. Love is all the dirty little tricks you taught me that you probably got out of some book. All right. I'm through with you and I'm through with love.”
“Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.”
“Love is the most overrated luxury brand in the world.”
“Love is the only reason behind my glow”
“Love is the only thing that we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy.”
“Love is the strongest angel. Hate is the ugliest demon.”
“Love is too much for our generation - that's why it dies in our hands but blooms at our feet.”
“Love is too much for our generation.”
“Love is your true light, so see the world with your light.”
“Love isn't a habit. Love is a feeling.”
“Love isn't something to be given on whim, or shelved when it isn't convenient. Love is gift, a promise, and a belief in another person. If you treat it as such, it will fulfill you always”
“Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.”
“Love on today even if it stutters”
“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.”
“Love should make you humble and happy, not insecure and depressed.”
“Love someone because their soul inspires you, not because you’re interested in the relief from loneliness and companionship they can provide. Anybody can do that. Not just anybody can show you to yourself.”
“Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.”
“Love them or leave them, because killing them will hurts us all.. Save wildlife..!”
“Love those who hurt you the most, because they are probably the ones closest to you. They, too, are on a path, and just like you they are learning to walk before they can fly. Imagine if everybody you hurt in life turned their backs on you? You would be playing a hell of a lot of solitaire. Love them no matter what.”
“Love thy neighbor yes, but love thyself first.”
“Love with all your heart and show kindness in all your actions.”
“Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Spread kindness, and be the creators. Of a world that’s loving, and full of compassion, A world that’s peaceful, and free of aggression. We’re all human, and we all have a heart, It’s time to break the barriers, and make a new start. To see beyond our differences, and embrace our similarities, To build a world of unity, where we all can live in clarity. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s come together, and be the regulators. Of a world that’s inclusive, and free of hate, A world that’s accepting, and celebrates diversity’s fate. It’s time to listen, and hear each other’s stories, To understand the struggles, and the pains and the glories. To walk in each other’s shoes, and feel the empathy, To create a world of justice, where love is the remedy. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread love, and be the cultivators. Of a world that’s kind, and filled with grace, A world that’s caring, and never loses pace. We’re all a part of this world, this community, It’s time to break the walls, and embrace our unity. To see that we’re all equal, and our differences make us unique, To build a world of harmony, where love is what we seek. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread positivity, and be the creators. Of a world that’s bright, and filled with light, A world that’s hopeful, and never loses sight. It’s time to stand up, and be the change, To fight for what’s right, and never act strange. To speak out against hate, and spread love instead, To create a world of kindness, where love is always led. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread joy, and be the motivators. Of a world that’s happy, and filled with laughter, A world that’s peaceful, and never loses its character. It’s time to unite, and hold each other’s hands, To build a world of love, that forever stands. To lift each other up, and never tear down, To create a world of love, where love is always found. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread hope, and be the liberators. Of a world that’s free, and filled with love, A world that’s caring, and always above.”
“Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
“Love! How many legends were organized for it? It was said that it is the most mysterious human feeling that pushes us to do things we are not ready for and heedless of us. Despite the reality, and the difficulties, we do the impossible, and in the name of love, we do miracles. Just legends but the truth is that history did not mention that any miracle has happened thanks to love. Myths, of which there is no use but our consolation, and the justification of our blind rush behind unjustified, incomprehensible feelings, to do what we were not ready to do, and then we pay the price with a reassuring conscience, and with a comfortable mind, in the name of love. If we analyze these feelings, love, anger, hate, tranquility, fear, we will find that they are another face of pain, just chemical reactions inside our bodies, and hormones controlled by our mind, it decides when to kindle the fire of love in us, and when to make hate blind us. If you know how to motivate the mind to produce the hormone needed to produce the desired emotions, then you do not have to talk about anything anymore. It is all your emotions, which are yours. This inevitably makes human feelings subject to causation in the universe, unless our feelings are from another world, not causal. Therefore, the most magical words remain, those that come out of the mouth of a lover describing his love for his lover, “I love you without reason.” This is the impossibility desired, and in the subconscious, these words have charm and glamour, and the tongue of the lover says, “My love for you is not from this causal world, neither the color of your hair, nor your eyes, nor your body, nor your sweet voice, nor your way of speaking, nor anything that you possess is a reason why I love you, because my love for you is not causal, does not belong to this world.” A lie loved by the mind of the lovers, a legend among the millions which says, that nothing in this world can anticipate the feelings and moods of human beings before they occur, and more precisely, the private feelings and fluctuations, of an individual, to be precise, and not just of a large group of people, the more we try to customize it, the more difficult it becomes. And where the indicators of the collective mind, the demagogue, can give us an idea of the general direction and the future fluctuations of a society or group of people, not because of a weakness in the lines of defense of feelings, but rather because we know that the mob, the collective mind, and the herd, will force many to follow it, even if it violates what they feel, what they want at their core. The mind is designed for survival, and you know that survival’s chances are stronger with the stronger group, the more number, it will secrete all the necessary hormones, to force you to follow the herd. However, the feelings assigned to a particular person remain an impossible task, so many people are able to deceive each other by showing signs of expected trends and fluctuations that contradict the reality of what they feel. Humans and scientists have treated it as something unpredictable, coming from another world, a curse on science, as if it were a whiff of a magical spell cast on us from the immemorial. But in fact, emotions are causal, and every cause has a causative. Like everything else in this world, the laws of chaos and randomness apply to them. They can be accurately predicted, formulated into mathematical equations, and even manipulated. All it takes is to have something that contains all the cosmic events, a number we did not imagine, starting with the flutter of a butterfly, a breath of air, temperatures across the universe, a word a man says to his son, a donkey’s kick, a rabbit’s jump, and ending with the movement of stars and planets, and cosmic explosions, and beyond, and able to deal with them, and with the hierarchical possibilities of their occurrence.”
“Love, like everything else in life, should be a discovery, an adventure, and like most adventures, you don’t know you’re having one until you’re right in the middle of it.”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“Loyalty should be mutual, not one-sided.”
“Luck is where fate meets hard work”
“Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.”
“Lyra learns to her great cost that fantasy isn’t enough. She has been lying all her life, telling stories to people, making up fantasies, and suddenly she comes to a point where that’s not enough. All she can do is tell the truth. She tells the truth about her childhood, about the experiences she had in Oxford, and that is what saves her. True experience, not fantasy - reality, not lies - is what saves us in the end.”
“MOTHER IS WATER I wish I could Shower your head with flowers And anoint your feet with my tears, For I know I have caused you So much heartache, frustration and despair – Throughout my youthful years. I wish I could give you The remainder of my life To add to yours, Or simply erase The lines on your face, And mend all that has been torn. For next to God, You are the fire That has given light To the flame in each of my eyes. You are the fountain That nourished my growth, And from your chalice – Gave me life. Without the wetness of your love, The fragrance of your water, Or the trickling sounds of Your voice, I shall always feel thirsty.”
“MY PARENTS HAD GROWN ME TILL MY BIRTH, THE REST OF MY LIFE WAS GROWN BY MY ENEMIES”
“Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.”
“Maddox refuses to free his demons because without them, he’s worried he won’t know who he is.”
“Magic Lasts Longer When Shared”
“Magic Sandra’s seen a leprechaun, Eddie touched a troll, Laurie danced with witches once, Charlie found some goblins gold. Donald heard a mermaid sing, Susy spied an elf, But all the magic I have known I've had to make myself.”
“Magic exists. Who can doubt it, when there are rainbows and wildflowers, the music of the wind and the silence of the stars? Anyone who has loved has been touched by magic. It is such a simple and such an extraordinary part of the lives we live.”
“Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“Make good decisions in today's life that determine the future of You and Your loved ones”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“Make it your sole intention to be part of the solution. When you learn how to efficiently solve problems, you will attract many opportunities.”
“Make sure the sacrifice you make today is worth the tomorrow that may never come.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are ! . . . Words of Wisdom take or leave!”
“Make your soul happy by doing simple things.”
“Make yourself able enough to not depend on anyone else.”
“Man can live in any world he wants, all he needs to do is change his mindset ~Rishi Mathur”
“Man can tame animals, however daring they may be. This is the beauty of intelligence. The only difference between a human being and an animal.”
“Man cannot do any work alone,”
“Man cries, his tears dry up and run out. So he becomes a devil, reduced to a monster.”
“Man does not live only for himself.”
“Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.”
“Man is born to live, not to prepare for life.”
“Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. It is up to you to give [life] a meaning.”
“Man is ever searching for Galt's gulch. But never looking to his own hand for financial salvation.”
“Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are, and what they ought to be.”
“Man may feel like a feeble and powerless pawn, at some moment in his life. This apprehension can come out of the blue, in the middle of the day, at the center of a public place, like a cerebral attack. Check mated by 'daily routine', he may feel trapped in a smothering set of circumstances and only a deconstruction of all impeding barriers can bring about a vital mental deliverance. ( "Check and mate" )”
“Man starts over again everyday, in spite of all he knows, against all he knows.”
“Man, life's going to keep pushing you around, but you have to keep playing.”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved.”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved”
“Manga endings might always be the same. However when it comes to real life, neither you nor I are readers. We are the writers. We can change the ending.”
“Many follow the life course that is the most desirable at the current moment rather than considering the long-term implications.”
“Many live free in their bodies. Freedom after death is not guaranteed.”
“Many people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five.”
“Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems. Some people pray to be able to confront and overcome them.”
“Many situations in life will make you wise if you learn to glean wisdom from the littlest things.”
“Many things are not as they seem: The worst things in life never are.”
“Many times, we're told not to explore what we want. And sometimes it is for a good reason. But at other times, it is either for our protection or for the protection of others.”
“Marianne touches his elbow, halting him. 'You know I'll tell you something about being married five times. Or married five times and still friends with my surviving ex-husbands'. She counts them on gnarled fingers. 'That would be three'. He waits. 'It teaches you damn all about love.' Paul begins to smile, but she hasn't finished. Her grip on his arm is surprisingly strong. 'What it does teach you, Mr McCafferty, is that there's a whole lot more to life than winning.”
“Marriage is God's investment for a man and woman.”
“Marry, and you will regret it; don’t marry, you will also regret it; marry or don’t marry, you will regret it either way. Laugh at the world’s foolishness, you will regret it; weep over it, you will regret that too; laugh at the world’s foolishness or weep over it, you will regret both. Believe a woman, you will regret it; believe her not, you will also regret it… Hang yourself, you will regret it; do not hang yourself, and you will regret that too; hang yourself or don’t hang yourself, you’ll regret it either way; whether you hang yourself or do not hang yourself, you will regret both. This, gentlemen, is the essence of all philosophy.”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“Master, go on, and I will follow thee To the last gasp with truth and loyalty.”
“Material riches can never feed the hunger that we all possess for the living God.”
“Materialistic success is a lonely place.”
“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.”
“May all that have life be delivered from suffering”
“May you find what you are looking for and realize it is not the answer.”
“May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.”
“May you live every day of your life.”
“May your life be filled, as mine has been, with love and laughter; and remember, when things are rough all you need is   Chocolate.”
“Maybe God created the desert so that man could appreciate the date trees”
“Maybe Shakespeare was right. Maybe all the world was a stage. Maybe without the act everything would fall apart. The key to happiness wasn't being yourself, because what did that even mean? Everyone had many selves. No. The key to happiness is finding the lie that suits you best.”
“Maybe a person is just made up of a lot of people," I say. "Maybe we're accumulating these new selves all the time.”
“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”
“Maybe everyone is just waiting for someone else to save them.”
“Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go. Maybe happiness was just a matter of the little upticks- the traffic signal that said "Walk" the second you go there- and downticks- the itch tag at the back of your collar- that happened to every person in the course of the day. Maybe everybody had the same allotted measure of happiness within each day. maybe it didn't matter if you were a world-famous heartthrob or a painful geek. Maybe it didn't matter if your friend was possibly dying. Maybe you just got through it. Maybe that was all you could ask for.”
“Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?”
“Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the truth, maybe I didn't want things to turn abstract, but I felt I should say it, because this was the moment to say it, because it suddenly dawned on me that this was why I had come, to tell him 'You are the only person I'd like to say goodbye to when I die, because only then will this thing I call my life make any sense. And if I should hear that you died, my life as I know it, the me who is speaking with you now, will cease to exist.”
“Maybe it’s the birth that shapes life for fate to guide us into the grave, or is it fate that governs the birth for life to follow the set course, we would never know.”
“Maybe life is all about twirling under one of those midnight skies, cutting a swathe through the breeze and gently closing your eyes.”
“Maybe sometimes in life you get another chance. Maybe you can go back. Right back to  how it was in the beginning.”
“Maybe sometimes in life you just miss your chance”
“Maybe that's what all lives were, though. Maybe even the most seemingly perfectly intense or worthwhile lives ultimately felt the same. Acres of disappointment and monotony and hurts and rivalries but with flashes of wonder and beauty. Maybe that was the only meaning that mattered. To be the world, witnessing itself.”
“Maybe that's what love is all about. That some love stories only end in a 'happily'  without the ever after. That some girls end up loving one man for all their lives and some men kept loving one girl, even after he met a lot. Maybe that's what love is all about. Maybe ”
“Maybe that's worse, not letting ourselves be loved. Because we're too afraid of giving ourselves to someone we might lose.”
“Maybe that’s how it is. Some people drink, gamble, or work longer hours. Others get abortions or fuck committed people. When we’re fed up making the same mistakes, maybe we change for the better. Become less fucked up. Happier.”
“Maybe the truth was, it shouldn't be so easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder--if not impossible--to lose.”
“Maybe there is no Heaven. Or maybe this is all pure gibberish—a product of the demented imagination of a lazy drunken hillbilly with a heart full of hate who has found a way to live out where the real winds blow—to sleep late, have fun, get wild, drink whisky, and drive fast on empty streets with nothing in mind except falling in love and not getting arrested . . . Res ipsa loquitur. Let the good times roll.”
“Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.”
“Maybe we'll meet each other in the next life, and maybe next time we'll do it right.”
“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.”
“Maybe your 'Words' are false, but your 'Eyes' never!”
“Me and my loneliness, friends forever.”
“Me, I want to bloody kick this moronic bloody world in the bloody teeth over and over till it bloody understands that not hurting people is ten bloody thousand times more bloody important than being right .”
“Me: “I refuse to attend Support Group.” Mom: “One of the symptoms of depression is disinterest in activities.” Me: “Please just let me watch America’s Next Top Model. It’s an activity.” Mom: “Television is a passivity.” Me: “Ugh, Mom, please.” Mom: “Hazel, you’re a teenager. You’re not a little kid anymore. You need to make friends, get out of the house, and live your life.” Me: “If you want me to be a teenager, don’t send me to Support Group. Buy me a fake ID so I can go to clubs, drink vodka, and take pot.” Mom: “You don’t take pot, for starters.” Me: “See, that’s the kind of thing I’d know if you got me a fake ID.” Mom: “You’re going to Support Group.” Me: “UGGGGGGGGGGGGG.” Mom: “Hazel, you deserve a life.”
“Meditation is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God)”
“Meditation is not about the time you're sitting down with your eyes closed. It's about how that time impacts the rest of your day and the rest of your life. Meditation isn't just for sitting either. Every single moment of our lives can be a meditation.”
“Meditation replace medication ?!”
“Meet people's needs, not just by words but by deeds.”
“Memories are nothing but ghosts in the corners of our minds.”
“Memories are of the ethereal, and not the material world, that is how I know I am forever.”
“Memory can make a thing seem to have been much more than it was.”
“Memory is an imagination particularly low on creativity.”
“Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting a particular way  you become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.”
“Men are like roses. You have to watch out for the pricks.”
“Men often find themselves caught between the stress of work and home life, and it can be frustrating when people assume their life is perfect based on social media posts. Men may feel pressure to hide their stress and sadness because they don't want to burden their loved ones with their problems. Instead, they feel the need to put on a brave face and hide their true emotions to keep others from feeling sad too. Unfortunately, this can lead to a cycle of suppressing emotions and ignoring one's own needs for the sake of others. It's important to remember that not all men are the same, and some may struggle with depression or anxiety. It's essential to seek help when needed, even if it means having difficult conversations with loved ones. Ultimately, it's crucial to prioritize mental health and self-care, even if it means taking a step back from responsibilities or seeking professional help. It's okay to not always be okay, and it's important to have support systems in place that can provide a safe space for men to open up about their emotions and feelings.”
“Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.”
“Mental unrest is a result of unforgiveness. If you want some rest, you need to forgive first.”
“Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality ”
“Messenger reflects one's true self.”
“Mijo, bad news does not get better with time, it will always be found out. The quicker you bring the bad news to others’ attention the better, even if you are the guilty party, the better for all.”
“Millions of challenges have come to me. Each challenge was decorated with passion and hard work. The place I won all the challenges is the place I got lost in”
“Mind is a flexible mirror, adjust it, to see a better world.”
“Mindfulness benefits our physical and mental health; therefore, we should practice it. Being mindful is living for the moment and making the best of it through awareness of our thoughts, people, and environment. It can bring various physical, psychological, and social benefits to help you on your life journey. Change your focus and gain a grand vision while achieving prosperity one moment at a time.”
“Misfits Change the World Every. Single. Day.”
“Mission is purpose magnified, Purpose is potential focused, Potential is protoplasm evolving, Protoplasm is a pocket universe.”
“Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not. ”
“Modern Slavery is the choice to remain ENSLAVED.”
“Modern Slavery is the lack of emancipation from Mental Slavery.”
“Mom's first diagnosis taught me that love was an escape rope, but it was her second diagnosis that taught me love could be a life vest when you were drowning.”
“Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.”
“Momentum of triumph, concept that is attenuated in the gloom of my illegitimate twilight. I extend my drowsiness, with a daily current renewed by the euphoria. Day after day, day after day. It will be better.”
“Money and wealth are the best things that keep us focused and grounded in the world. Otherwise, our thoughts would run wildly around the universe in search of spiritual rewards.”
“Money cover your sins.. Poverty covers your morality..”
“Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.”
“Money is money, after all. But we don’t see it that way. Depending on how we get it, we treat it differently. Money is not naked; it is wrapped in an emotional shroud.”
“Money is not everything just a tool to fulfill our needs, but we have required maximum money to live in this society.”
“Money will be of no use to you if you still cannot turn it into great deeds.”
“Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.”
“Moral wounds have this peculiarity - they may be hidden, but they never close; always painful, always ready to bleed when touched, they remain fresh and open in the heart.”
“Morality is about to die out in our generation, even a fool is defended and hidden under the invisible cloak of freedom.”
“Morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Most everything you think you know about me is nothing more than memories.”
“Most important thing in life is learning how to fall.”
“Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.”
“Most of the bad things happening started as a joke. Then It was game over. Think about this every time when you are busy laughing at the foolish things , you should be reprimanding, because tomorrow you will be crying about the very same things you are laughing at now.”
“Most of the basic material a writer works with is acquired before the age of fifteen.”
“Most of the time, the words used are too cheap.”
“Most of us have the good or bad fortune of seeing our lives fall apart so slowly we barely notice.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“Most of what matters in our lives takes place in our absence.”
“Most people are who they are because of fear. They had changed their character, personality, behavior and their being because they fear something or someone.”
“Most people don't want to die, but they don't want to live either. I am speaking about men now as much as women. They look for a third way, but there is no third way.”
“Most people fail because they confuse their gurus for their competitors.”
“Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in ten years.”
“Most people these days chase new things - new houses, new cars, new objects. But, they don't realise that old houses, old cars, and old objects have something that new things don't have - their history and culture. We must look at life from each other's perspective. New things will make you feel good but maybe for a short time. There is nothing fascinating about chasing new things. Which is why some people, like my parents, love old things, because these things have emotions, and sentiments attached to them. My Mom and Dad choose to stay in our old house in my hometown, because it was the house they built with their hard work and love. It is the house where my mother writes her beautiful poetry. It is the house where my father treats his patients. It is a house which has books, culture, cracks and yes history.”
“Most things are forgotten over time. Even the war itself, the life-and-death struggle people went through is now like something from the distant past. We’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about everyday, too many new things we have to learn. But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.”
“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“Most times, you will realize that value is relative. Just as the rain is convenient to a farmer and convenient to a hunter, so is life. Some will like you; others will loathe you. Some will applaud you; others will criticize you. Some will stand with you, others will backstab you. Learn to accept these realities, and you will not be fazed by unfavourable conditions.”
“Mostly, I could tell, I made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't understand me, and he was sort of holding it against me. I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idea out of laziness.”
“Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there’s always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her.”
“Mountains fall and seas divide and impossible things may seem but where there’s despair there is and faith and where there’s sadness the consolation is near. Every breath is a chance to reborn, but to be reborn you have to die before dying”
“Mourning is like virginity. You should give it to the one who deserves it most.”
“Move on. Don't dwell on it.”
“Movements without unconditionality of love cannot reach the path of dance.”
“Moving to oriental or jazz while listening to drum beats or trance, take your own time and improvise. Wait not, now is the time to release the dancing vibes.”
“Muhammad ﷺ is for us, an EXAMPLE and GUIDE, The GREATEST Prophet, in him we take pride. Spread GOODNESS wherever you go, but make sure, That in your heart, your intentions remain PURE. Take yourself to account, before you’re accounted for, So that in this life and the next, you’ll be successful forevermore.”
“Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“My biggest fault is that the faults I was born with grow bigger each year.”
“My blood will speak on my behalf.”
“My body is my journal, and my tattoos are my story.”
“My conscience is crystal clear. But like a crystal, it has many sides to it.”
“My culture acts as my compass in life.”
“My dear friend, you always complain that life has brought closed doors to you! Now sit down, calmly think about your whole life, life has brought open doors to you; but you didn't see them because you either looked elsewhere or stood in front of closed doors, despising open doors! But remember this, open doors will come before you again, keep your eyes peeled!”
“My dear, In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love. In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile. In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm. I realized, through it all, that… In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back. Truly yours, Albert Camus” I like this because only one part is usually quoted but the full quote has such symmetry.”
“My dearest friend Abigail, These probably could be the last words I write to you and I may not live long enough to see your response but I truly have lived long enough to live forever in the hearts of my friends. I thought a lot about what I should write to you. I thought of giving you blessings and wishes for things of great value to happen to you in future; I thought of appreciating you for being the way you are; I thought to give sweet and lovely compliments for everything about you; I thought to write something in praise of your poems and prose; and I thought of extending my gratitude for being one of the very few sincerest friends I have ever had. But that is what all friends do and they only qualify to remain as a part of the bunch of our loosely connected memories and that's not what I can choose to be, I cannot choose to be lost somewhere in your memories. So I thought of something through which I hope you will remember me for a very long time. I decided to share some part of my story, of what led me here, the part we both have had in common. A past, which changed us and our perception of the world. A past, which shaped our future into an unknown yet exciting opportunity to revisit the lost thoughts and to break free from the libido of our lost dreams. A past, which questioned our whole past. My dear, when the moment of my past struck me, in its highest demonised form, I felt dead, like a dead-man walking in flesh without a soul, who had no reason to live any more. I no longer saw any meaning of life but then I saw no reason to die as well. I travelled to far away lands, running away from friends, family and everyone else and I confined myself to my thoughts, to my feelings and to myself. Hours, days, weeks and months passed and I waited for a moment of magic to happen, a turn of destiny, but nothing happened, nothing ever happens. I waited and I counted each moment of it, thinking about every moment of my life, the good and the bad ones. I then saw how powerful yet weak, bright yet dark, beautiful yet ugly, joyous yet grievous; is a one single moment. One moment makes the difference. Just a one moment. Such appears to be the extreme and undisputed power of a single moment. We live in a world of appearance, Abigail, where the reality lies beyond the appearances, and this is also only what appears to be such powerful when in actuality it is not. I realised that the power of the moment is not in the moment itself. The power, actually, is in us. Every single one of us has the power to make and shape our own moments. It is us who by feeling joyful, celebrate for a moment of success; and it is also us who by feeling saddened, cry and mourn over our losses. I, with all my heart and mind, now embrace this power which lies within us. I wish life offers you more time to make use of this power. Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies. Take care! Love, Francis. Title: Letter to Abigail Scene: "Death-bed" Chapter: The Road To Awe”
“My decisions may not be the best always, but at least they are always mine.”
“My depression is cyclical. When feeling down, I must remember each episode has a beginning, middle, and end.”
“My destination is no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing.”
“My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21. Everything since then has been a bonus." [ The Science of Second-Guessing ( New York Times Magazine Interview , December 12, 2004)]”
“My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“My eyes speak another language, you just need super powers to read it”
“My eyes were glued on life and they were full of tears.”
“My family approved all of my books, after that I didn't care what the world would whisper behind my back.”
“My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.”
“My father taught me well  I'm still learning most of the lessons.”
“My formula for life is very simple: in the morning, wake up; at night, go to sleep. In between I try and occupy myself as best I can.”
“My future is my own.”
“My grandpa always said asking a question is embarrass for a moment but not asking a question is embarrasing for a life time”
“My great longing is to learn to make those very incorrectnesses, those deviations, remodellings, changes of reality, so that they may become, yes, untruth if you like - but more true than the literal truth.”
“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”
“My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer.”
“My heart is too thoroughly dried to be broken in a hurry, and I mean to live as long as I can.”
“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.”
“My hustle doesn’t define me. The reason for my hustle does.”
“My job was simple: have faith through the storm, be determined in my actions, smart in my decisions, trusting of my instinct, and free from worrying about whether I succeeded or failed.”
“My kindness is my strength. It makes me who I am, It raises me above the likes of you.”
“My life didn't please me, so I created my life.”
“My life has been one great big joke, A dance that's walked, A song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke, When I think about myself.”
“My life is a reading list.”
“My life is not about them. It's about me. This is about me.”
“My life is running, But I'm walking ”
“My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer, from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.”
“My life will be the best illustration of all my work.”
“My love is pizza shaped. Won’t you have a slice? It’s circular, so there’s enough to go around. ”
“My love of writing and sending positive messages to the world has taught me to begin from the very beginning of life.”
“My mind then wandered. I thought of this: I thought of how every day each of us experiences a few little moments that have just a bit more resonance than other moments—we hear a word that sticks in our mind—or maybe we have a small experience that pulls us out of ourselves, if only briefly—we share a hotel elevator with a bride in her veils, say, or a stranger gives us a piece of bread to feed to the mallard ducks in the lagoon; a small child starts a conversation with us in a Dairy Queen—or we have an episode like the one I had with the M&M cars back at the Husky station. And if we were to collect these small moments in a notebook and save them over a period of months we would see certain trends emerge from our collection—certain voices would emerge that have been trying to speak through us. We would realize that we have been having another life altogether; one we didn’t even know was going on inside us. And maybe this other life is more important than the one we think of as being real—this clunky day-to-day world of furniture and noise and metal. So just maybe it is these small silent moments which are the true story-making events of our lives.”
“My mother’s dress bears the stains of her life: blueberries, blood, bleach, and breast milk; She cradles in her arms a lifetime of love and sorrow; Its brilliance nearly blinds me.”
“My motto is that you can’t always control what happens to you in life, but you can control your reaction.”
“My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.”
“My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.”
“My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada.”
“My silence inspires me to find my own voice.”
“My son, I will love you unconditionally no matter what you do. I pray you choose wisely, and that you are always safe. But what I want most, is that whatever you decide and become, that you are a good example to others. That is what would comfort me. This, I believe, is your responsibility in life. I want you to own that responsibility and I want you to live that responsibility.”
“My story will be over soon. But it’s not something to be sad about. Remembering those who went ahead. Remembering those who will follow after. And someday, we will meet all those people again, out beyond the horizon”
“My theory is that hope is a form of madness. A benevolent one, sure, but madness all the same. Like an irrational superstition--broken mirrors and so forth--hope's not based on any kind of logic, it's just unfettered optimism, grounded in nothing but faith in things beyond our control.”
“My wealth is not in the number of books I have written, but in the number of hearts I have touched and the lives that have been transformed by hearing the peaceful messages.”
“Nah," I said. "But if it does, just tell him I said to get back on the bike." "What?" "He'll understand.”
“Nature is God! It is my foolishness, arrogance or anger that pushes me to think or say that I can punish somebody. It is you Nature (God) who has the power to punish. I am only a mere human being whose existence is to work hard in a righteous manner. Please forgive me and give me strength, intellect and knowledge.”
“Nature is something to be tolerated, not tamed.”
“Nature is subtle and complex.”
“Necessity is the mother of invention.”
“Neha’s walk across the river felt excruciatingly long. Like a rubber band stretched to its limits. It is peculiar how moments of happiness and euphoria seem to pass over like greased lightning when compared to the ones filled with pain or anxiety. I often ask myself if happiness is genuinely fleeting or if we are hardwired to believe that human beings are born to suffer, and for that very reason tend to sadistically amplify and stretch our anxieties? Could our age old conditioning be in cahoots with Loki? Maybe, maybe not. I am still debating this, internally ”
“Neither Every Friend is your Classmates nor Every Classmate is your Friend.”
“Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.”
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“Never apologize for how you feel. No one can control how they feel. The sun doesn’t apologize for being the sun. The rain doesn’t say sorry for falling. Feelings just are”
“Never apologize for someone's wrong interpretation of your right words.”
“Never assume that the person you are dealing with is weaker or less important than you are. Some people are slow to take offense, which may make you misjudge the thickness of their skin, and fail to worry about insulting them. But should you offend their honor and their pride, they will overwhelm you with a violence that seems sudden and extreme given their slowness to anger. If you want to turn people down, it is best to do so politely and respectfully, even if you feel their request is impudent or their offer ridiculous.”
“Never be afraid to travel on a new path.”
“Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.”
“Never compete with someone who has nothing to lose.”
“Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.”
“Never curse a fall. The ground is where humility lives.”
“Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.”
“Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.”
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”
“Never forget that anticipation is an important part of life. Work's important, family's important, but without excitement, you have nothing. You're cheating yourself if you refuse to enjoy what's coming.”
“Never forget that every moment is a miracle. That's the goal of spirituality, to never forget that.”
“Never forget: we walk on hell, gazing at flowers.”
“Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.”
“Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.”
“Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.”
“Never give up. Things that you keep dreaming about will happen one day.”
“Never go to bed with the enemy at the back of your mind. Forgive!”
“Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment.”
“Never judge what you have not experienced. Every moment is a new experience.”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be…”
“Never knew what a friendship was, Never knew how to really love, You can't be what I need you to, & I don't know why I fuck with you”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Never let fear stop you from starting.”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“Never let someone else dictate to you your true worth; only the weak and the small try to dim the light of others.”
“Never let the tragedies of life transform you into a human tragedy.”
“Never lie to yourself that you didn't hurt others.”
“Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Never mistrust, unless given a reason.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Never stop just because you feel defeated. The journey to the other side is attainable only after great suffering.”
“Never stop smiling not even when you're sad, someone might fall in love with your smile.”
“Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming. And don’t be afraid of wearing your heart on your sleeve - in declaring the films that you love, the films that you want to make, the life that you’ve had, and the lives you can help reflect in cinema. For myself, for a long time… maybe I felt inauthentic or something, I felt like my voice wasn’t worth hearing, and I think everyone’s voice is worth hearing. So if you’ve got something to say, say it from the rooftops.”
“Never try to do anything that is outside of who you are. A forced smile is a sign of what feels wrong in your heart, so recognize it when it happens. Living a lie will reduce you to one.”
“Never underestimate the big importance of small things,' Mrs. Elm said. 'You must always remember that.”
“Never underestimate the big importance of small things”
“Never waste your life by living it on the terms and conditions of others.”
“Never welcome bitterness into your heart. Allow forgiveness to reign in your life.”
“Never wish bad for those who gave you good memories.”
“Nevertheless, life and death are mysterious states, and we know little of the resources of either.”
“New Revelation from Heaven: The sin is not in wine, but in drunkenness and loss of self-control or conscience. If you don't lose your awareness, which isn't guaranteed, then you're good to enjoy your wine in peace.”
“New Year's resolutions will only truly fulfil us when we resolve to open our hearts anew to the presence of God's everlasting love.”
“New Year, may our hearts open up to the salubrious world of harmony, and let our vision be enlightened to extract the best out of our differences.”
“Night or day, who cares about the time? Feel the adrenaline rushing down the spine. Take a little chance, for it is the time to dance.”
“Nightmares are there for a purpose, just like anything in life. Nightmares are there to remind us that life is not always sweet dreams. Life can also be full of frightening and unpleasant experiences, and we should always be aware of this reality and accept it.”
“No Mistake can be hidden forever.”
“No amount of me trying to explain myself was doing any good. I didn't even know what was going on inside of me, so how could I have explained it to them?”
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”
“No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“No doubt that education has always been the key to every nation’s greatness.”
“No expectations, no disappointments. [Michael Townsend]”
“No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing. Even the most evil of men and women, if you understand their hearts, had some generous act that redeems them, at least a little, from their sins.”
“No human should mislead another by promising them something they know to be untrue.”
“No longer do I sing, dance or draw pictures; but God has granted me the gift to do them all in my stories.”
“No make-up in the world can make you pretty, until you apply the foundation of love and wisdom”
“No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.”
“No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.”
“No man, proclaimed Donne, is an Island, and he was wrong. If we were not islands, we would be lost, drowned in each other's tragedies. We are insulated (a word that means, literally, remember, made into an island) from the tragedy of others, by our island nature, and by the repetitive shape and form of the stories. The shape does not change: there was a human being who was born, lived, and then, by some means or another, died. There. You may fill in the details from your own experience. As unoriginal as any other tale, as unique as any other life. Lives are snowflakes—forming patterns we have seen before, as like one another as peas in a pod (and have you ever looked at peas in a pod? I mean, really looked at them? There's not a chance you'd mistake one for another, after a minute's close inspection), but still unique.”
“No matter how big you think you are, you are just a little spark.”
“No matter how careful you are, there's going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed feeling under your skin that you didn't experience it all. There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should've been paying attention. Well, get used to that feeling. That's how your whole life will feel some day. This is all practice.”
“No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!”
“No matter how failure shines in my life. Bit it cannot dry my passion”
“No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.”
“No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope”
“No matter how long you train someone to be brave, you never know if they are or not until something real happens.”
“No matter how many people give me advice, I am going to do what my heart tells me to do”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“No matter how much it hurts, you ought to learn the art of forgiveness. It is better than keeping a grudge, which is quite useless and hinders your healing process.”
“No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.”
“No matter how much you love someone, you still want to have you own way.”
“No matter how much you pray, you will always feel empty if you cannot forgive those who trespass against you.”
“No matter how much you prosper, if you do not learn to forgive, you will always be hindered by what happened in the past.”
“No matter how painful it may be, learn to move on.”
“No matter how qualified or deserving we are, we will never reach a better life until we can imagine it for ourselves and allow ourselves to have it.”
“No matter how small, every life has a soul.”
“No matter how strong you are, no matter how smart you are or tough you can be, the world will find a way to break you. And when it does, the only thing you can do is hold on.”
“No matter how tough the situation may be, trust in God. He is trustworthy. He can still turn your life around.”
“No matter how unforgivable the offence may be, forgive so you can live in peace.”
“No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.”
“No matter what happened yesterday it is insignificant when compared to what lies within the core of your being today.”
“No matter what happens in life, never underestimate your own value.”
“No matter what life throws your way, choose to be a much better person today than you were yesterday.”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“No matter what! People will always judge you.”
“No matter where the Queen is and what battle she is fighting. She has to come back when her King is in danger.”
“No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.”
“No matter where you are, you're always a bit on your own, always an outsider.”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“No new horror can be more terrible than the daily torture of the commonplace.”
“No one can break your heart unless you hand it to them.”
“No one can ever forgive anyone on your behalf; you must do so on your own.”
“No one can take the shot for you.”
“No one deserves God’s forgiveness. Yet He forgives us because, to Him, forgiveness is a strong demonstration of divine love.”
“No one escapes from life alive.”
“No one ever does live happily ever after, but we leave the children to find that out for themselves.”
“No one has a perfect life; that is the bottom line.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.”
“No one here gets out alive.”
“No one in this world is more important than you and nothing in this world is more important than your compassion. Let your kindness shine upon them like the Sun and brighten humanity furthermore.”
“No one is sorry for how they’ve treated you. They will only show remorse after you gain the power to ruin their lives.”
“No one is without troubles, without personal hardships and genuine challenges.  That fact may not be obvious because most people don't advertise their woes and heartaches.  But nobody, not even the purest heart, escapes life without suffering battle scars.”
“No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.”
“No one live alone”
“No one loves anything they're miserably chained to.”
“No one makes mistakes in life. We only do what our level of awareness allows us.”
“No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.”
“No one should persecute someone because of their differences in opinion on the matter. However, without reasoning, there will be no progression.”
“No one suddenly understood the very important things about life when they were born because it takes time to understand such things! This time is 5 years for some, 35 for some, 90 years for some, but for some it takes 200 years, 300 years or 1000 years, but this time their lifetime makes it impossible to reach such existential enlightenment!”
“No opposition can stop great leaders from assuming their rightful positions, because great leaders know their expectations.”
“No other person will ever treat you or respect you Better than yourself. The way you carry yourself sets the standard for others to do the same.”
“No person should live in fear In the country they were born in.”
“No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.”
“No saint, no sinner, no angel, no demon look to the sky, look at the ground between the two, In the middle is us. now, strong wind and after, a friendly breeze, hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, amidst Birth and Death, acrobats.”
“No shoes and a ball cap are better than steel toes and a hard hat.”
“No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born.”
“No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride and if it occasionally gets a little heavier than what you had in mind, well maybe chalk it up to forced consciousness expansion: Tune in, freak out, get beaten.”
“No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.”
“No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.”
“No, darling! To die it's easy  But you have to stuggle for life!”
“No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.”
“Noble leaders do not seek marbles for their own houses; they desire a better life for those they lead. In the eyes of noble leaders, leadership is not about what one acquires. It is about making an impact.”
“Noble men innovate Common men imitate Ignoble men annihilate”
“Nobody always with you, but your shadow is always with you!”
“Nobody can give you confidence, and nobody can take it from you.”
“Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.”
“Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don’t have a plan.”
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”
“Nobody is so busy that they can't make time for the people they really care about.”
“Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment. ”
“Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.”
“Nobody sees anybody truly but all through the flaws of their own egos. That is the way we all see  each other in life. Vanity, fear, desire, competition-- all such distortions within our own egos-- condition our vision of those in relation to us. Add to those distortions to our own egos the corresponding distortions in the egos of others, and you see how cloudy the glass must become through which we look at each other. That's how it is in all living relationships except when there is that rare case of two people who love intensely enough to burn through all those layers of opacity and see each other's naked hearts.”
“Nobody wants to be here and nobody wants to leave.”
“Nobody's going to win all the time. On the highway of life you can't always be in the fast lane.”
“Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!”
“Non aver fretta, la vita non scappa via.”
“None Can Kill Me So Easily, I Have To Live Thousands And Thousands Of Families.”
“Nor is there wanting in the press Some spirit to stand simply forth, Heroic in it nakedness, Against the uttermost of earth. The tale of earth's unhonored things Sounds nobler there than 'neath the sun; And the mind whirls and the heart sings, And a shout greets the daring one.”
“Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly.”
“Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work and driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for—in order to get to the job you need to pay for the clothes and the car, and the house you leave vacant all day so you can afford to live in it.”
“Normally, in anything I do, I'm fairly miserable. I do it, and I get grumpy because there is a huge, vast gulf, this aching disparity, between the platonic ideal of the project that was living in my head, and the small, sad, wizened, shaking, squeaking thing that I actually produce.”
“Nostalgia in reverse, the longing for yet another strange land, grew especially strong in spring.”
“Not accepting your flaws is your biggest flaw.”
“Not all friends are worthy of your immediate attention. Remember that bad friends are still in the category of 'friends'.”
“Not all that was good was in the light; there was good in the dark too, if you bothered to look.”
“Not being excited is to have missed the whole point of life.”
“Not engaging in gossip and office politics is world-class behavior.”
“Not every field is worth digging. Preserve your energy and time for worthwhile missions.”
“Not every treasure is treasured in life. A diamond is meaningless in the hands of a monkey, but a banana is. So, do not lose courage when others ill-treat you regardless of your value. Some people do not know how to value valuable things. Hence, they will never care about you.”
“Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.”
“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”
“Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.”
“Not forever does the bulbul sing In balmy shades of bowers, Not forever lasts the spring Nor ever blossom the flowers. Not forever reigneth joy, Sets the sun on days of bliss, Friendships not forever last, They know not life, who know not this.”
“Not in his speech, not in his thoughts, I see his greatness, only in his actions, in his life.”
“Not knowing is not a problem, not wondering is.”
“Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from its life's quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result -- eventually, astoundingly, and all too briefly -- in you.”
“Not only did you overcome the greatest of odds to be born alive, You are also a descendent of a long line of people  A long line of people who lived, laughed, dreamt, overcame, and loved. A descendent of a great line of kings, queens, heroes, heroines, warriors, and conquerors. You are a product of a long tale of love stories that bore fruit. A result of love stories that had to birth specific people at specific times since the beginning of time  You, my friend, are the ultimate testimony and proof that love lives. Love qualified you to be here.”
“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”
“Not soon, as late as the approach of my ninetieth year, I felt a door opening in me and I entered the clarity of early morning. One after another my former lives were departing, like ships, together with their sorrow. And the countries, cities, gardens, the bays of seas assigned to my brush came closer, ready now to be described better than they were before.”
“Nothing - not prestige, power or pride - is worth sacrificing the things that you truly want, the things that you truly love. "Don't be afraid to take time and smell the roses. Don't hesitate in seeking out those things you hold dear. Seeking them out and holding on to them. And don't ever cease standing up for what you believe in, and fighting for those things that you want. Life is too short. Do what makes you happy, regardless of how others might feel.”
“Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life.”
“Nothing ever goes how you planned it.”
“Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will”
“Nothing expresses pain better than the eyes.”
“Nothing fun in life is easy.”
“Nothing goes away. Not on its own. You deal with it, or it deals with you.”
“Nothing going to be wasted, which you do..”
“Nothing happens by chance. Luck does not exist. Whether it's good or bad luck or karma, everything has a because behind it.”
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.”
“Nothing in life is worth, turning your back on, if you love it.”
“Nothing in this world compares to the comfort and security of having someone just hold your hand.”
“Nothing in this world happens by chance.”
“Nothing is built on stone; All is built on sand, but we must build as if the sand were stone.”
“Nothing is guaranteed in life. A whole life can be lost in minutes and can be wasted in the small moments missed. None of this is forever.”
“Nothing is more curious and awkward than the relationship of two people who only know each other with their eyes — who meet and observe each other daily, even hourly and who keep up the impression of disinterest either because of morals or because of a mental abnormality. Between them there is listlessness and pent-up curiosity, the hysteria of an unsatisfied, unnaturally suppressed need for communion and also a kind of tense respect. Because man loves and honors man as long as he is not able to judge him, and desire is a product of lacking knowledge.”
“Nothing is more natural than mutual misunderstanding; the contrary is always surprising. I believe that one never agrees on anything except by mistake, and that all harmony among human beings is the happy fruit of an error.”
“Nothing is permanent in this world. Even our bodies will perish.”
“Nothing is yours, except your karma's..”
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
“Nothing takes me closer to the world than a cup of tea. Every cup is a bridge.”
“Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why. So did he. Throughout the whole absurd life I'd lived, a dark wind had been rising toward me from somewhere deep in my future, across years that were still to come, and as it passed, this wind leveled whatever was offered to me at the time, in years no more real than the ones I was living. What did other people's deaths or a mother's love matter to me; what did his God or the lives people choose or the fate they think they elect matter to me when we're all elected by the same fate, me and billions of privileged people like him who also called themselves my brothers? Couldn't he see, couldn't he see that? Everybody was privileged. There were only privileged people. The others would all be condemned one day. And he would be condemned, too.”
“Now I've gone for too long Living like I'm not alive So I'm going to start over tonight Beginning with you and I”
“Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.”
“Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good, God would permit us to be pirates.”
“Now this might disturb you, but I find I'm OK by myself; and I don't need you or your benevolence to make sense.”
“Nowadays I'm floating between helplessness and loneliness. I hold so much sadness.”
“Nowadays, education no longer matters, rather it is college or university life that has become so appealing to young minds.”
“Nurturing empathy in our relationships is a lifelong endeavor, one that requires continuous practice, reflection, and growth.”
“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”
“O Me! O life!  of the questions of these recurring; Of the endless trains of the faithless—of cities fill’d with the foolish; Of myself forever reproaching myself, (for who more foolish than I, and who more faithless?) Of eyes that vainly crave the light—of the objects mean—of the struggle ever renew’d; Of the poor results of all—of the plodding and sordid crowds I see around me; Of the empty and useless years of the rest—with the rest me intertwined; The question, O me! so sad, recurring—What good amid these, O me, O life? Answer. That you are here—that life exists, and identity; That the powerful play goes on, and you will contribute a verse.”
“O heart, do not lose your kindness for kindness is your greatness.”
“O holy Sunday, let your darkness not come along my way. Let her nurture internal and external world, as I start my personal day.”
“ONE FAILURE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED SUCCESS; ONE TREACHERY TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED FAILURE; ONE INJUSTICE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED TREACHERY; ONE LOVE FAILURE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED INJUSTICE; ONE DEATH TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED LOVE FAILURE; ONE LIFE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED DEATH”
“Obligation is a prison. To get out of it, we must serve our time.”
“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
“Observe and revel in the place and time you are in.”
“Observe the behavior of the butterfly, and chase no one, for they will only elude you.”
“Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart.”
“Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.”
“Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.”
“Of all the rash and midnight promises made in the name of love, none, Boone now knew, was more certain to be broken than “I’ll never leave you”.”
“Of course, I couldn’t explain this vector calculus concept and so, slightly embarrassed in front of Rahul and the other Bengali students, I told Sanjit just that; he had cornered me, and honesty emerged as my only option. Simultaneous to my humiliating disclosure of the truth, Sanjit gradually inched toward where I was sitting. After hearing my reply, he slowly returned to his teacher stool and whiteboard, his back turned away from the class, the suspense building and his words impending, before turning around and breaking into speech, “Don’t trust your interior monologue. If you are asked something and you know it, then express or demonstrate it. Don’t just nod or say yes because then you are lying to yourself. Any ass can say yes, but not all asses can express it.” I modified my first impression: Sanjit was full of explicit aphorisms. Humbled, those words encouragingly rang between my ears for quite some time.”
“Of course, we can't visit every place or meet every person or do every job, yet most of what we'd feel in any life is still available. We don't have to play every game to know what winning feels like. We don't have to hear every piece of music in the world to understand music. We don't have to have tried every variety of grape from every vineyard to know the pleasure of wine. Love and laughter and fear and pain are universal currencies. We just have to close our eyes and savour the taste of the drink in front of us and listen to the song as it plays. We are as completely and utterly alive as we are in any other life and have access to the same emotional spectrum.”
“Of time, money, and knowledge, time is the most important. While you can re-earn the money you have lost and regain lost knowledge, time once gone cannot be got back!”
“Often it feels like I am breathing today only because a few years back I had no idea which nerve to cut ”
“Often, it’s not about becoming a new person, but becoming the person you were meant to be, and already are, but don’t know how to be.”
“Oftentimes, revenge feels like the easiest thing, but it complicates even the easiest things.”
“Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.”
“Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.”
“Oh the woes of life how they crush the spirit of living.”
“Oh threats of Hell and Hopes of Paradise! One thing at least is certain - This Life flies; One thing is certain and the rest is Lies - The Flower that once has blown forever dies.”
“Oh, God of Dust and Rainbows, Help us to see That without the dust the rainbow Would not be.”
“Oh, Life, I am yours. Whatever it is you want of me, I am ready to give.”
“Oh, don't cry, I'm so sorry I cheated so much, but that's the way things are.”
“Oh, earth, you're too wonderful for anybody to realize you. Do any human beings ever realize life while they live it -- every, every minute?”
“Oh, for the years I have not lived, but only dreamed of living.”
“Oh, how wondrous our lives are! How everything can change but in a single instant… It is truly a miracle of God. We believe we can control our lives as we want, but in truth, we never know what’s coming up. Hence, all we can do, in the end, is enjoy the moments given, pray, and hope for the better. We must always remember that everything will change, and every moment will pass, so it should be embraced whilst it is still within our grasp.”
“Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.”
“Oh, you hate your job? Why didn't you say so? There's a support group for that. It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar.”
“Ominous though the night bring fright, Disastrous though the day might strike. Hand on chest, with spine unbent, Reformer walks as ray of right.”
“On no subject are our ideas more warped and pitiable than on death.   Let children walk with nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life, and that the grave has no victory, for it never fights.”
“On the dark stretch of life your love is torch”
“On this journey of life, never rely on assumptions; they can lead you to wrong conclusions.”
“On this road there are no godspoke men. They are gone and I am left and they have taken with them the world.”
“On your way to success, you will occasionally meet those who are not impressed by what you do. Keep going; do not be bothered by their opinions. Life is not about impressing everyone. It is about having goals and actualizing them, whether others are impressed or unimpressed.”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours, Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“Once a problem is solved, its simplicity is amazing.”
“Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“Once in a while, shut off your head and listen only to your heart.”
“Once in a while, you have to be self-centred and forgive yourself.”
“Once in a while, you have to be self-centred, and forgive yourself.”
“Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father. But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. He came to the next land. There, to his astonishment, from every coast he saw islands, and on these islands, strange and troubling creatures whom he dared not name. As he was searching for a boat, a man in full evening dress approached him along the shore. Are those real islands?' asked the young prince. Of course they are real islands,' said the man in evening dress. And those strange and troubling creatures?' They are all genuine and authentic princesses.' Then God must exist!' cried the prince. I am God,' replied the man in full evening dress, with a bow. The young prince returned home as quickly as he could. So you are back,' said the father, the king. I have seen islands, I have seen princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully. The king was unmoved. Neither real islands, nor real princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully. The king was unmoved. Neither real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist.' I saw them!' Tell me how God was dressed.' God was in full evening dress.' Were the sleeves of his coat rolled back?' The prince remembered that they had been. The king smiled. That is the uniform of a magician. You have been deceived.' At this, the prince returned to the next land, and went to the same shore, where once again he came upon the man in full evening dress. My father the king has told me who you are,' said the young prince indignantly. 'You deceived me last time, but not again. Now I know that those are not real islands and real princesses, because you are a magician.' The man on the shore smiled. It is you who are deceived, my boy. In your father's kingdom there are many islands and many princesses. But you are under your father's spell, so you cannot see them.' The prince pensively returned home. When he saw his father, he looked him in the eyes. Father, is it true that you are not a real king, but only a magician?' The king smiled, and rolled back his sleeves. Yes, my son, I am only a magician.' Then the man on the shore was God.' The man on the shore was another magician.' I must know the real truth, the truth beyond magic.' There is no truth beyond magic,' said the king. The prince was full of sadness. He said, 'I will kill myself.' The king by magic caused death to appear. Death stood in the door and beckoned to the prince. The prince shuddered. He remembered the beautiful but unreal islands and the unreal but beautiful princesses. Very well,' he said. 'I can bear it.' You see, my son,' said the king, 'you too now begin to be a magician.”
“Once we are a creation, how much absurdity can there be in our heart without God the Creator.”
“Once when I was a little child of six or so, I watched a spider spinning its web in a corner of the house. Before the spider had even finished its job, a mosquito flew right into the web and was trapped there. The spider didn't pay it any attention at first, but went on with what it was doing; only when it was finished did it creep over on its pointy toes and sting that poor mosquito to death. As I sat there on that wooden floor and watched Hatsumomo come reaching for me with her delicate fingers, I knew I was trapped in a web she had spun for me.”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“Once you exceed the measure, there is no limit. This is the major problem with overthinking. Things are out of your control.”
“Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”
“Once your passions are ignited, it becomes easier to find success in whatever field you choose.”
“One 'TRUTH' is always powerful, than thousands of 'LIE's !”
“One Choice One Choice, decided your friends. One Choice, defines your beliefs. One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever. ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU”
“One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!”
“One always has a better book in one's mind than one can manage to get onto paper.”
“One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels.”
“One can be very much in love with a woman without wishing to spend the rest of one's life with her.”
“One clear moment, one of trance One missed step, one perfect dance One missed shot, one and only chance Life is all but one fleeting glance.”
“One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.”
“One curves such as Art,with all the means of hope,as the striving mind it strives,the heart is throbbing high, to yield, from his Artistry!”
“One day can change your life. One day can ruin your life. All life is is three or four big days that change everything.”
“One day it may feel as if energy and enthusiasm are quenched, feelings dried up and emotions scorched, love and affection tangled in a harsh and uninviting setting. Nothing seems to grow anymore. No seed. No flowers. No foreseeable hope. No conceivable prospects. Any blossom of expectation seems to have become an illusion and life appears to have come to a standstill. If no seed of loving care is sown in the untilled, abandoned land, no bud can come into flower. Singer Amy Winehouse felt like lying fallow in the ground of a wasteland "with tears dry, dying a hundred times, going back to black" and leaving eventually for a place of ultimate sorrow and heartbreak, for a point of no return. ( “Amour en friche” )”
“One day we'll all be flowers again.”
“One day you will be the one called Master (Naruto). You'll be the one to treat others to ramen. We can't stay kids forever." - Shikamaru Nara (Naruto)”
“One day, you will give away your last breath. You may not know when, how and where that will happen. The only One who knows is neither you nor me, but God, the Giver of life.”
“One day, you will meet someone who will love you for all of the things you once felt ashamed of. So respect your traits, your characteristics. Respect yourself as you are.”
“One default item of success is risk, those who take the risk will get the dish”
“One defeat doesn't mean that we are defeated forever.”
“One does no question miracles, or complain that they are no constructed perfectly to one's liking.”
“One doesn't come to Italy for niceness, one comes for life!”
“One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other.”
“One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.”
“One man gathers what another man spills”
“One may never know the value of what one possesses, unless and until they’re deprived of it.”
“One night, I stood by my window and gazed at the sky hoping to find a star, but it was starless. Then I heard a voice within me saying "You are a star, look at yourself.”
“One of life’s greatest obstacles to fulfilment is the habit of getting so caught up in the illusion of how others are doing while taking the reality of how well you are running your own race for granted.”
“One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.”
“One of the advantages to getting older, though: while you might not change all that much, you at least got to know yourself. The real you, minus the bullshit and wishful thinking.”
“One of the best achievements of life is having friends who become family.”
“One of the best life lessons I have learned is that our habits have the power to alter mindset for better or for worse. If your daily habits are not helping you grow as a person, they are only hindering you. ”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“One of the few good things about modern times: If you die horribly on television, you will not have died in vain. You will have entertained us.”
“One of the greatest journeys in life is overcoming insecurity and learning to truly not give a shit.”
“One of the greatest lessons in life is learning how to respond and not react.”
“One of the hardest and truest things a grown-up learns is that sometimes it's not okay.”
“One of the inescapable encumbrances of leading an interesting life is that there have to be moments when you almost lose it.”
“One of the liabilities of being a deep thinker, Wyatt mused, was that it left him vulnerable to existential crises.”
“One of the many lessons she’d been taught at Quantico was to live by her training, to do what was known to work for a thousand times a thousand other lawmen, but also to recognize when by-the-book would result in a eulogy and a postmortem commendation, and then to trust the intuition that was truer than anything learned.”
“One of the most important lessons I've come to learn is this: We are all sailing in our own individual ship of life; and no matter how great of a sailer you may be, we all experience seasons the same. The storms will come, and the cold will come, the warmth shall come, and the blossom of spring shall also come.   Winter is not bad for existing, nor is summer any less great for being hot. Each season exists to serve its purpose  And none of us are exempted from enduring the seasons. Understand the seasons and times of life. Take delight in the sun and at the sight of blooming flowers, but remember, the storms and the winter shall also surely come. Learn how to adjust your sails and know when to adjust them, prepare yourself for the cold and the stormy seasons, but remember to always enjoy the sun while it shines ”
“One of the most important things for a person to understand in life is this: What is very important to you may be so unimportant to someone else! Or something that is very important to someone else may be something very insignificant to you! Don't waste your time on reasons for this, that's how it is!”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you" whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it cause a smile today for someone else and give plenty of hugs.”
“One of the reasons why I admire Elon Musk is his ideals are so inspiring. And maybe to a certain extent match with my ideals in life. He doesn't own a house, and he doesn't indulge in other luxuries. He leads a minimalist life. Wouldn't our world become a better place if most people did not indulge in wasting money on buying luxuries?”
“One of the scariest thing in life is that those you think may not make it, may turn out to be one of the most successful people in life. Don't underrate people base on their current situation.”
“One of the things I love about books is being able to define and condense certain portions of a character's life into chapters. It's intriguing, because you can't do this with real life. You can't just end a chapter, then skip the things you don't want to live through, only to open it up to a chapter that better suits your mood. Life can't be divided into chapters  only minutes. The events of your life are all crammed together one minute right after the other without any time lapses or blank pages or chapter breaks because no matter what happens life just keeps going and moving forward and words keep flowing and truths keep spewing whether you like it or not and life never lets you pause and just catch your fucking breath. I need one of those chapter breaks. I just want to catch my breath, but I have no idea how.”
“One of the tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon - instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.”
“One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.”
“One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.”
“One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home   With this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.”
“One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home. Make memories with your kid or kids so that someday he or she or they will look into the backyard and feel the ache of sentimentality as desperately as I did this afternoon. It's all fragile and fleeting, dear reader, but with this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.”
“One thing about life is that some will lose while some will win but if you focus too much on the negative side of life you will end up a loser.”
“One time I saw a tiny Joshua tree sapling growing not too far from the old tree. I wanted to dig it up and replant it near our house. I told Mom that I would protect it from the wind and water it every day so that it could grow nice and tall and straight. Mom frowned at me. "You'd be destroying what makes it special," she said. "It's the Joshua tree's struggle that gives it its beauty.”
“One unfortunate event can change the course of your life forever.”
“One way of looking at speech is to say that it is a constant stratagem to cover nakedness.”
“One way or another, I think we are all destined to learn the same lessons in life. Universal truths are universal truths. They cannot be changed.”
“One who has loved truly, can never lose entirely. Love is whimsical and temperamental. Its nature is ephemeral, and transitory. It comes when it pleases,and goes away without warning. Accept and enjoy it while it remains, but spend no time worrying about its departure. Worry will never bring it back.”
“One who makes himself a worm cannot complain afterwards if people step on him.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“One-sided communication can't save a relationship.”
“Only God can take our failures and turn them into victories.”
“Only a pure heart can understand pure love.”
“Only a rich man will know where his true treasures lie. ”
“Only after a million moments of confusion you get a moment of clarity.”
“Only after disaster can we be resurrected.”
“Only after experiencing pain can we enjoy pleasure and derive happiness from it.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Only connect! That was the whole of her sermon. Only connect the prose and the passion, and both will be exalted, and human love will be seen at its height. Live in fragments no longer.”
“Only fiction can lend scope for the full play of life”
“Only if you are possible, everything will be possible.”
“Only pain is free. For Happiness you need to pay, and the price is your kindness”
“Only the dead have seen the end of war.”
“Only through absolute submission can the soul ascend through dance.”
“Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.”
“Only what is below you tries to pull you down.”
“Only when you accept that one day you'll die can you let go, and make the best out of life. And that's the big secret. That's the miracle.”
“Only wise leaders will understand the importance of enhancing peace.”
“Opening up to the wrong person is like putting ammo in their hands.”
“Operating in a high vibrational frequency can be beneficial to your present and future self”
“Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.”
“Opinions are the defenses we have clandestinely built against our own conscience.”
“Optimism is the cure for negative thoughts.”
“Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain.”
“Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.”
“Ordinary people just want to live a simple life, with or without divine forces. When something bad happens, they become vulnerable, and evil people try to exploit them.”
“Original characteristics may check by breakage of any metal.. Similarly apply to human beings..”
“Other side of fear lies freedom.”
“Our Prophet ﷺ showed KINDNESS while he was treated with hostility, He showed LOVE and COMPASSION to everyone, even to his enemy. Sent by the MOST MERCIFUL to the world as a MERCY, He is the BEST of creation, the most noble man, Described by his wife as a WALKING QUR’AN. Follow his SUNNAH as best as you can ”
“Our almosts are God's way of letting us know there is something more to our life— and it's about to surpass what you've asked for, even greater than what you've desired before. Have faith.”
“Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life”
“Our bodies were printed as blank pages to be filled with the ink of our hearts”
“Our deeds determine us, as long as we determine our deeds”
“Our ego should be polite with our stream of ideas to get the twinkles of humility”
“Our eyes tell us what we want to believe, but our heart tells us only the simple truth”
“Our great ancestors were also not sure about their future, hence do not worry, live your life.”
“Our hope begins to tremble. Our dreams begin to sway. Is it the beginning of the end of mankind’s reign on earth? We don’t know. We really don’t know. We may, as a species, pass on too. The earth keeps finding something new.”
“Our individuality is all, all, that we have. There are those who barter it for security, those who repress it for what they believe is the betterment of the whole society, but blessed in the twinkle of the morning star is the one who nurtures it and rides it in, in grace and love and wit, from peculiar station to peculiar station along life's bittersweet route.”
“Our journey has not been easy, but it has been worth it. By facing our own traumas and biases, we have been able to better understand and love the diverse world around us.”
“Our lamps and torches produce artificial lights, but we don't dare to call them so because they have been proved to be useful in our daily basis.”
“Our life is like seasons, sometimes there is sunshine and sometimes there is rain. But there is always going to be the night to calm it down and eventually a bright new day.”
“Our life is made by the death of others.”
“Our life is what our thoughts make it.”
“Our life will be more serene and beautiful when we start living from the inside out.”
“Our lives are blank canvases on which we paint our choices. There is no right or wrong; the colors just change, and if your painting turns out to be excessively dark, don't be discouraged. There are those who are drawn to the darkness.”
“Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.”
“Our lives are not as limited as we think they are; the world is a wonderfully weird place; consensual reality is significantly flawed; no institution can be trusted, but love does work; all things are possible; and we all could be happy and fulfilled if we only had the guts to be truly free and the wisdom to shrink our egos and quit taking ourselves so damn seriously.”
“Our lives are so important to us that we tend to think the story of them begins with our birth. First there was nothing, then I was born Yet that is not so. Human lives are not pieces of string that can be separated out from a knot of others and laid out straight. Families are webs. Impossible to touch one part of it without setting the rest vibrating. Impossible to understand one part without having a sense of the whole. - Vida Winter”
“Our lives can't be measured by our final years, of this I am sure.”
“Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.”
“Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. ”
“Our most significant opportunities will be found in times of greatest difficulty.”
“Our obsession of being accepted by others has turned us into a society that has No shame . No love. No remorse . No morals. No role models. No direction. No rules. No laws. No gender . No culture. No religion. No respect of others and for ourselves. Mostly we have No boundaries. That is why the things are the way they are now.”
“Our prayers resonate far beyond ourselves.”
“Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits and Are melted into air, into thin air: And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.”
“Our survival instincts give us a true sense of strength.”
“Our sweetest songs are those of saddest thought.”
“Our true friends are those who are with us when the good things happen. They cheer us on and are pleased by our triumphs. False friends only appear at difficult times, with their sad, supportive faces, when, in fact, our suffering is serving to console them for their miserable lives.”
“Our very nature is truth. It is because of truth that we exist, and it is to truth that we return. It is true, everything about you as you are this echo of infinity. The heartbeat of nature is in you, and you are a pattern of truth as love beats through you.”
“Out of nowhere, one of the twins grabbed my cap while the other delivered a blow to my head. She slapped the taste right out of my mouth. I couldn’t even feel my tongue. I spun around to face my bullies. The twins had become triplets. I couldn’t remember ever trying to drink three glasses of anything and this wouldn’t be the day to try.”
“Outstanding people are those who choose to stand up regardless of the setbacks in life.”
“Over hardness break you easily..”
“Over the course of my life, as I have made my Houdini-like escapes from one self-imposed constraint after another, a question haunts me with increasing insistence. How many levels does this game have?”
“Over the years I'd lodged him in the permanent past, my pluperfect lover, put him on ice, stuffed him with memories and mothballs like a hunted ornament confabulating with the ghost of all my evenings. I'd dust him off from time to time and then put him back on the mantelpiece. He no longer belonged to earth or to life. All I was likely to discover at this point wasn't just how distant were the paths we'd taken, it was the measure of loss that was going to strike me--a loss I didn't mind thinking about in abstract terms but which would hurt when stared at in the face, the way nostalgia hurts long after we've stopped thinking of things we lost and may never have cared for.”
“Overnight success stories are not the entire story”
“Own your sorrow, own your tears - Own your angst, own your fears. These are not your enemy, Use 'em to empower integrity. We decide, they break or make us.”
“Page 142: "When a spouse says to the alcoholic, "you need to go to AA," that is obviously not true. The addict feels no need to do that at all, and isn't. But when she says, "I am moving out and will be open to getting back together when you are getting treatment for your addiction," then all of a sudden the addict feels "I need to get some help or I am going to lose my marriage." The need has been transferred. It is the same with any kind of problematic behavior of a person who is not taking feedback and ownership. The need and drive to do something about it must be transferred to that person, and that is done through having consequences that finally make him feel the pain instead of others. When he feels the pain, he will feel the need to change A plan that has hope is one that limits your exposure to the foolish person's issues and forces him to feel the consequences of his performance so that he might have hope of waking up and changing.”
“Pah! I wave my cuff at hindsight as if it were a bothersome fly. Life can only be lived forwards, Ulysses. All that matters is what you do now.”
“Pain always feel by mind not by injuries..”
“Pain is a byproduct of life. That’s the truth. Life sometimes sucks. That’s true for everyone. But if you don’t face the pain and the suck, you don’t ever get the other things either. Laughter. Joy. Love. Pain passes, but those things are worth fighting for. Worth dying for.”
“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”
“Pain is an ice bath for the soul.”
“Pain is part of the process as you walk through the corridors of this world. If not inflicted by one person, it will be inflicted by another, or even worse, by yourself. You cannot avoid that fact. As long as you live, you will somehow be subjected to pain. That is why you need to learn to forgive so that you will not dwell in the pain of unforgiveness.”
“Pain or love or danger makes you real again .”
“Paper is more patient than man.”
“Paradoxically though it may seem, it is none the less true that life imitates art far more than art imitates life.”
“Parched fields, rusted farm fences, forlorn stone and mud-thatched houses. Rotting scarecrows everywhere, except the dancing squirrels nothing moves.”
“Parents were the only ones obligated to love you; from the rest of the world you had to earn it.”
“Parla come magni,' It means, 'Speak the way you eat,' or in my personal translation: 'Say it like you eat it.' It's a reminder - when you're making a big deal out of explaining something, when you're searching for the right words - to keep your language as simple and direct as Roman rood. Don't make a big production out of it. Just lay it on the table.”
“Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.”
“Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!”
“Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Patrick: Is fear rith maith nά drochseasamh. Jessica:And that means what? Patrick: A good run is better than a bad stand. Jessica: Oh. And that means what? Patrick: It means, Jessica, that life is about choices. Sometimes you fight, sometimes you flee, but you never surrender.”
“Pay the price required for a peaceful life. Make forgiveness part of your daily life.”
“Peace and Jealousy cannot live in the same heart .one of them must leave.”
“Peace is not the answer to every question, nor is it the solution to all problems، Peace is the meaning that gives everything its true, clearly visible meaning . peace don't treat your sadness to change it to happiness , peace make you see the meaning of your sadness , and Through this insight, you will smile in the middle of your sadness , and you will find out how to heal yourself . and you will stand again, with peace State , with new Attitude, which is waiting eagerly for all the waves of life to embrace them with love and peace.And you are sure, that in the depth of these waves, you will pick up the pearls of life for yourself . Because Who is afraid of diving into the depths of the sea , He will not find pearls , Who is afraid of climbing mountains , It will always be in the pits. Only peace gives a vision of everything in its true sense .”
“Peace is the direct result of forgiveness.”
“Peace is the ultimate achievement to realize in life.”
“Peace is white sun reflections on summer pear trees, and ocean mist droplets defying gravity by air currents. Peace is caffeinated goodbye-kissing and velvet smiles laced with credence. Trumpet horns sound off the coming of Blue Jays, Swallows and Chickadee’s. And there is no sadness echoing within or without. There is a taste of God in every grass blade and car horn raging in the city. The stop lights are all green, and there are children playing in the fountains. A dog laps my hand, and finally—I remembered what it’s all about.”
“Peace isn’t dead and buried. It is only in a coma. It will spring to life again soon. Very soon”
“Peace never lacks in a heart that forgives others.”
“Peer beyond the wall of doubt to embrace the possibilities.”
“People always leave you when you need them the most.”
“People always marvel that holding a seashell to your ear replicates the sound of the sea, but in the seconds before you faint, the movement of blood rushing out of your brain replicates the sound of the sea too.”
“People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.”
“People are envious of you when they had every opportunity to break down the same barriers that you have overcome.”
“People are going to say what they want to say and think what they want to think, and I can't change their minds.”
“People are less quick to applaud you as you grow older. Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there.”
“People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.”
“People are more about money and less about their passion.”
“People are not lazy, they simply have impotent goals..that is..goals that do not inspire them.”
“People are strange: They are constantly angered by trivial things, but on a major matter like totally wasting their lives, they hardly seem to notice.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“People are supposed to care. It's good that people mean something to you, that you miss people when they're gone.”
“People are the most difficult thing in the world to change”
“People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat--that's the only moral they know.”
“People are waves. They come and they go. And no two waves are alike.”
“People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.”
“People aren't born sad; we make them that way.”
“People aren't born social. Sure it comes easier to some people but most people, like you, need to work at it. Some more than others. You're just inexperienced.”
“People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.”
“People can have their opinions about everything in the world, but people's opinions end where the tip of my nose begins. Your opinions of others can only go so far as to where their own shoreline is. The world is for your taking, but other people are not. One is only allowed to have an opinion of me, if that person is done educating him/herself on everything about me. Before people educate themselves on everything about you, they're not allowed to open their venomous mouthes and have an opinion about you.”
“People can use you only if you allow them to.”
“People choose to believe beautiful lies over bitter truth.”
“People choose unhappiness by loving those who don't love them back.”
“People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.”
“People continue to cheat in relationships when they know their partner's love is blind for them.”
“People die all the time. Life is a lot more fragile than we think. So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets. Fairly, and if possible, sincerely. It's too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies.”
“People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing.”
“People do not die for us immediately, but remain bathed in a sort of aura of life which bears no relation to true immortality but through which they continue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive. It is as though they were traveling abroad.”
“People don't always want to be with people. It gets tiring.”
“People don't care whether you fall in the dirt or the shit on you. If you get dirty, it's only your fault.”
“People don’t like to think, if one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.”
“People don’t seem to realize it that it is not like we’re on the Titanic and we have to avoid the iceberg. We’ve already hit the iceberg. The water is rushing in down below. But some people just don’t want to leave the dance floor; others don’t want to give up on the buffet. But if we don’t make the hard choices, nature will make them for u”
“People have been on earth in our present form for only about 100,000 years, and in so many ways we’re still ironing out our kinks. These turtles we’ve been traveling with, they outrank us in longevity, having earned three more zeros than we. They’ve got one hundred million years of success on their resume, and they’ve learned something about how to survive in the world. And this, I think, is part of it: they have settled upon peaceful career paths, with a stable rhythm. If humans could survive another one hundred million years, I expect we would no longer find ourselves riding bulls. It’s not so much that I think animals have rights; it’s more that I believe humans have hearts and minds- though I’ve yet to see consistent, convincing proof of either. Turtles may seem to lack sense, but they don’t do senseless things. They’re not terribly energetic, yet they do not waste energy… turtles cannot consider what might happen yet nothing turtles do threatens anyone’s future. Turtles don’t think about the next generation, but they risk and provide all they can to ensure that there will be one. Meanwhile, we profess to love our own offspring above all else, yet above all else it is they from whom we daily steal. We cannot learn to be more like turtles, but from turtles we could learn to be more human. That is the wisdom carried within one hundred million years of survival. What turtles could learn from us, I can’t quite imagine.”
“People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!”
“People ignore death but death never ignores people.”
“People just read about time management and think about time management but execution is a completely different experience that I can't describe in words”
“People label you bad when they forget the good you did for them.”
“People live on the flow of the daily reality and they surge on the waves of hazy expectations. They can experience pleasant junctures and try to catch and enjoy each special moment that is offered to them. Until life takes them by surprise.”
“People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That’s how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be “correct” or “true”? Merely vague concepts… Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?”
“People make mistakes in life through believing too much, but they have a damned dull time if they believe too little.”
“People make stories about you when they can't face you.”
“People must understand that we only have one life, one time, one climate and one environment, since we can not buy a new one in the market, the only option we have is to protect this moment in favour of making it last forever.”
“People need to know they are trusted, guided and supported by their leaders in order to excel. Exceptional leaders are always keen to do that.”
“People pity animals for their brief lives, but our life is a bigger tragedy since it is just long enough to make us believe it is worth worrying about.”
“People rarely bring flowers to a suicide.”
“People said that video games were bad because they made you numb to death, made you register entrails splattering across a screen as a sign of success. In that moment, Val thought that the real problem with games was that the player was suppossed to try everything. If there was a cave, you went in it. If there was a mysterious stranger, you talked to him. If there was a map, you followed it. But in games, you had a hundred million billion lives and Val only had this one.”
“People say I make strange choices, but they’re not strange for me. My sickness is that I’m fascinated by human behavior, by what’s underneath the surface, by the worlds inside people.”
“People say that eyes are windows to the soul.”
“People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.”
“People say video games are a waste of time, but how is a life spent for worldly success any different? When it’s game over, there is nothing to show but an old high score.”
“People say, that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But they are wrong. What doesn't kill you, doesn't kill you.”
“People see stories everywhere We take random events and we put them together in a pattern so we can comfort ourselves with a story, no matter how much it obviously isn't true We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.”
“People so often loose sight of the magic in life once they understand how it works.”
“People sometimes assume everything about you but in reality know noting about you.”
“People sometimes sneer at those who run every day, claiming they’ll go to any length to live longer. But I don’t think that’s the reason most people run. Most runners run not because they want to live longer, but because they want to live life to the fullest. If you’re going to while away the years, it’s far better to live them with clear goals and fully alive than in a fog, and I believe running helps you do that. Exerting yourself to the fullest within your individual limits: that’s the essence of running, and a metaphor for life—and for me, for writing as well. I believe many runners would agree.”
“People soon get tired of things that aren't boring, but not of what is boring.”
“People take innocence as idiocy in this world”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.”
“People took such awful chances with chemicals and their bodies because they wanted the quality of their lives to improve. They lived in ugly places where there were only ugly things to do. They didn't own doodley-squat, so they couldn't improve their surroundings. so they did their best to make their insides beautiful instead.”
“People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. They torture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.”
“People use you because you are useful. Nobody uses a useless person.”
“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
“People walk around feeling empty inside because they have allowed their hearts to be filled with bitterness instead of forgiveness.”
“People were messy. They were defined not only by what they'd done, but by what they would have done, under different circumstances, molded as much by their regrets as their actions, choices they stood by and those they wished they could undo. Of course, there was no going back - time only moved forward - but people could change. For worse. And for better. It wasn't easy. The world was complicated. Life was hard. And so often, living hurt. So make it worth the pain.”
“People who believe in you will never doubt your capabilities.”
“People who don’t construe their life and don’t frame their own tale, stay on the sidelines, remain only an act without a story and turn into an "empty box". Out-of-the-box thinking and inventiveness remains then merely wishfull thinking. ( "Everybody his story" )”
“People who don’t value your love label your love as too much.”
“People who don’t want to take accountability and responsibility. They always choose to blame everyone for everything, but themselves. It is always someone’s fault not their own decision making. They always see themselves as victims. They never learn life lessons. They end up become a problem and having Indefinite problems in their lives. To void that choose to be accountable and responsible for your actions.”
“People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.”
“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”
“People who keep stiff upper lips find that it's damn hard to smile.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also .but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“People who say that yesterday was better than today are ultimately devaluing their own existence.”
“People who taste victory have failed more than anyone else.”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!”
“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”
“People will bring trash to you if you are an open container”.”
“People will kill you. Over time. They will shave out every last morsel of fun in you with little, harmless sounding phrases that people uses every day, like: 'Be realistic!'" [ What It Is (2009)]”
“People, in general, would rather die than forgive. It's that hard.”
“People," Geralt turned his head, "like to invent monsters and monstrosities. Then they seem less monstrous themselves. When they get blind-drunk, cheat, steal, beat their wives, starve an old woman, when they kill a trapped fox with an axe or riddle the last existing unicorn with arrows, they like to think that the Bane entering cottages at daybreak is more monstrous than they are. They feel better then. They find it easier to live.”
“Per aspera ad astra, Papa,' I whispered. Through hardship to the stars.”
“Perception is everything. If you see everything through the lens of the naysayers or through a victim perspective, then it’s hard to get what you really want in life.”
“Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop.”
“Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, without apathy, without pretence.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people. It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life, and it is the main obstacle between you and a shitty first draft. I think perfectionism is based on the obsessive belief that if you run carefully enough, hitting each stepping-stone just right, you won't have to die. The truth is that you will die anyway and that a lot of people who aren't even looking at their feet are going to do a whole lot better than you, and have a lot more fun while they're doing it.”
“Perfectly Imperfect We have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path. Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind  there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered  we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”
“Perhaps - I want the old days back again and they'll never come back, and I am haunted by the memory of them and of the world falling about my ears. ”
“Perhaps Clarence’s knowledge of the enormous day-to-day expense of the war machine was too much for a man who’s own father had insisted, “Never to waste salt on a radish!”
“Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs; he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.”
“Perhaps it would be simpler if you just did what you're told and didn't try to understand things.”
“Perhaps the most "spiritual" thing any of us can do is simply to look through our own eyes, see with eyes of wholeness, and act with integrity and kindness.”
“Personal development requires effort for self-improvement, and being mindful is the start of that process. Mindfulness will benefit your physical and mental health; therefore, you should practice it. Be mindful and live for the moment and make the best of it through awareness of your thoughts, people, and environment. It can bring various physical, psychological, and social benefits to help you on your life journey. Change your focus and gain a grand vision while achieving prosperity one moment at a time.”
“Personally I am very pessimistic. But when, for instance, one of my staff has a baby you can't help but bless them for a good future. Because I can't tell that child, 'Oh, you shouldn't have come into this life.' And yet I know the world is heading in a bad direction. So with those conflicting thoughts in mind, I think about what kind of films I should be making.”
“Personally, I don’t like inherently happy people. I don’t trust them. I think there’s something seriously wrong with anyone who isn’t at least a little let down by the world.”
“Perspective ignites passion.”
“Perspective of Darkness is Not always Reality of Badness.”
“Physical distance is better than the emotional distance in relationships.”
“Pierre was right when he said that one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and I now believe in it. Let the dead bury the dead, but while I'm alive, I must live and be happy.”
“Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.”
“Plan your dream but focus on your goals!”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success ”
“Plant your dreams and watch them grow each day!”
“Plastic Painting He smiled as he looked at the studio in the outer hall, each of these paintings she painted here, enjoying very much observing them immersed in the colors. Her spiritual intelligence is high, as every other plastic artist, he holds the paint brush, and does things, lines and colors, he does not know what he is doing, or what he wants, he only paints, his hand and mind are just a tool, and something else inside him moves it. At the end, their paintings are sold at the most expensive price. She once told him, the reason for the distinction of fine art is that the painter paints with his soul, not with his hands. And every time she grabbed her brush and started doing things on the canvas, he felt her telling the story of his life, he just always did things, he did not know why and what would result be, but he just wanted to do them. His motto when things come down is, go with the wind, let it take you where it wants to go. He stood before a mediocre painting, a bridge suspended in the sky, punctuated by chaotic colors, a bit of haphazard smoke, and what seemed to be flying leaves. When she painted this painting, she stood in front of it for a whole day, she almost went crazy, the painting was complete but something was missing in it. In the end, it was this deficiency that relieved her of finding it, a red dot in the lower-left corner of the painting! It fell right under what appeared to be a leaf. That is crazy, it was actually completed by it!”
“Plato says that the unexamined life is not worth living. But what if the examined life turns out to be a clunker as well?”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“Please go for your dreams. Whatever your ideals, you can become whatever you want to become.”
“Please wait for me a little more longer”
“Please, touch me, I pray.”
“Pleasure often has a way of tempting you with more but always leaves you with less.”
“Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.”
“Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.”
“Politeness is organized indifference.”
“Poor creatures. What did we do to you? With all our schemes and plans?”
“Poor human! Your dreams are too long, but your life is too short! That's why you always die with unfinished or never started dreams! Poor human!”
“Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.”
“Positive vibes radiate with every stride; moments of life become a magical storyline when you take the stance of dance”
“Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!”
“Possibilities! In the loop of possibilities, There is always one reality, As you enter this cycle of possibilities, You unknowingly make a pact with eternity, To seek the new and to seek the original, And as you leave one loop only to enter another, You wonder what is fake and what is original, Because the loops are infinite and they hold this universe together, Where real is never obvious and fake is hidden too, And as you seek the real with your relentless prudence, You are cast in the dimensions fake and real too, Then to establish the reality is what defines that crescendo of prudence, And as ripples of time move over these loops of possibilities, You somehow segregate the unreal loops from the real, And in this intertwining net of possibilities, Now you, your thoughts, your desires are true and real, Whatever you seek now, seeks you as well, And the infinity breaks its endless loop, Because now you are part of eternity as well, Where you now can tell the fake from the original loop, Then the dimensions of the universe attain a singular state, Where universe is like a geometry with just one rule, That it is you who defines its every known and unknown state, And you become part of the reality integrated in every rule!”
“Potential has a shelf life.”
“Poverty has its advantages. When you're that poor what would you have that anyone would want? Except your peace of mind. Your dignity. Your heart. The important things.”
“Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts  perhaps the fear of a loss of power.”
“Power is good when given to leaders who desire to empower others, but terrible when given to those with the intention to oppress others.”
“Power is useless without boundaries and the self-discipline to use it.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Powerful leaders do not allow power to corrupt the good in them. They allow power to fuel them to do the correct thing.”
“Powerful leaders do not demand respect from their followers, they earn it.”
“Powerful leaders do not pressurise people with their power.”
“Powerful leaders do not use their power to pull others down. They use it to lift them up.”
“Powerful leaders empower their followers so that when they are no longer in power, the mission can still be accomplished.”
“Powerful leaders use wisdom to empower their followers, because they understand the privilege of being offered an opportunity to lead.”
“Practising one habit ultimately reinforces others; The more you practice, the more they will become in helping you unleash your potential”
“Pray for a forgiving heart. Forgiving people helps you experience the fullness of life.”
“Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.”
“Pray for the spirit of forgiveness because forgiveness enables you to realize that you are bigger and better than the offence.”
“Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.”
“Pray not because you are enabled by material wealth, but through pure spiritual inspiration.”
“Prayer and hard work are a strong team for making the impossible possible. A wholehearted prayer makes the right hard work pay off, and the key to activating an answered prayer is often hard work dictated by common sense.”
“Prayer is the foundation of every life filled with faith.”
“Prayers often must accompany trials. Through our hardships, God shifts our innermost thoughts and molds us into something new. Only then are we able to accept His divine gifts.”
“Precious moments with precious people can help you realize how precious life can be.”
“Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.”
“Prejudice is hate submerged in ignorance”
“Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.”
“Pretending to be happy will make you more sad.”
“Primary function of an answer is to empower the question.”
“Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them.”
“Priorities change and so does people”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“Problems are like tangled hair. The longer you ignore, the messier they become.”
“Productiveness is your acceptance of morality, your recognition of the fact that you choose to live--that productive work is the process by which man's consciousness controls his existence, a constant process of acquiring knowledge and shaping matter to fit one's purpose, of translating an idea into physical form, of remaking the earth in the image of one's values--that all work is creative work if done by a thinking mind, and no work is creative if done by a blank who repeats in uncritical stupor a routine he has learned from others--that your work is yours to choose, and the choice is as wide as your mind, that nothing more is possible to you and nothing less is human--that to cheat your way into a job bigger than your mind can handle is to become a fear-corroded ape on borrowed motions and borrowed time, and to settle down into a job that requires less than your mind's full capacity is to cut your motor and sentence yourself to another kind of motion: decay--that your work is the process of achieving your values, and to lose your ambition for values is to lose your ambition to live--that your body is a machine, but your mind is its driver, and you must drive as far as your mind will take you, with achievement as the goal of your road--that the man who has no purpose is a machine that coasts downhill at the mercy of any boulder to crash in the first chance ditch, that the man who stifles his mind is a stalled machine slowly going to rust, that the man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap, and the man who makes another man his goal is a hitchhiker no driver should ever pick up--that your work is the purpose of your life, and you must speed past any killer who assumes the right to stop you, that any value you might find outside your work, any other loyalty or love, can be only travelers you choose to share your journey and must be travelers going on their own power in the same direction.”
“Progress just means bad things happen faster.”
“Progressive leaders seek long-lasting solutions to problems instead of quick, short-term solutions that lead to recurring problems.”
“Promise is more worthy than Time and Money.”
“Properly practiced, knitting soothes the troubled spirit, and it doesn't hurt the untroubled spirit either.”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly delicious.”
“Pulvis et umbra sumus. ( We are but dust and shadow. )”
“Pulvis et umbra sumus. It's a line from Horace. 'We are dust and shadows'. Appropriate, don't you think?" Will said. "It's not a long life, killing demons; one tends to die young, and then they burn your body - dust to dust, in the literal sense. And then we vanish into the shadows of history, nary a mark on the page of a mundane book to remind the world that once we existed at all.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.”
“Put feelings aside. Put the past behind you and put your happiness first. Forgive!”
“Put no faith in the frailty of men; God is the only one who will never disappoint. ”
“Put the enemy under your feet. Forgive!”
“Questions work as filters, so put some time into thinking about who you are filtering out.”
“Quiet is peace. Tranquility. Quiet is turning down the volume knob on life. Silence is pushing the off button. Shutting it down. All of it. - Amir”
“Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.”
“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved. Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
“Rational leaders make rational decisions. Leaders who are prone to making irrational decisions do injustice to the power vested upon them.”
“Reaching a goal is not just about focusing and working hard. It’s knowing when to take a break.”
“Read. You can always talk with another reader.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Real life is messy, inconsistent, and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved. It's taken me a long time to realize that.”
“Real life is only ever just real life. Messy. What it means depends on how you look at it. The only thing you’ve got to do is find a way to live there.”
“Reality continues to ruin my life.”
“Reality is based solely upon desires that are brought to life by imagination and then given credibility by belief.”
“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”
“Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.”
“Receive with simplicity everything that happens to you.”
“Recognise that 'unlearning' is the highest form of 'learning”
“Recognize the impermanence of life.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs. There is no such thing as a linear life. But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“Recovery is hard. Regret is harder.”
“Red is the Colour I LOVE   coz Red is the Colour of LOVE”
“Reflect in depth, plan in detail, and execute it with a calm, composed, and detached mind.”
“Regardless of how you perceive it, life is the greatest gift every human being has ever received. Be cheerful about it, and cherish it.”
“Regret is counterproductive. It's looking back on a past that you can't change. Questioning things as they occur can prevent regret in the future.”
“Regrets are about decisions that you know you should have done different.”
“Relationships are never static. They have to evolve over time as the individuals in them change.”
“Relationships is not a game of amateurs is what people say.. But they begin to foster between amateurs and become a reason to make them matured grown-ups!”
“Relationships last forever only when you work on them forever.”
“Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime; time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain.”
“Release stress, be not tense, in movements of dance find healing for yourself.”
“Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time! But He loves you. He loves you, and He needs money! He always needs money! He's all-powerful, all-perfect, all-knowing, and all-wise, somehow just can't handle money!”
“Remain close, don’t go far, hold hands and dance as the movements heal the scars.”
“Remain in your lane. But only in times of danger.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Remember how it was when we kissed? Armfuls and armfuls of light thrown right at us. A rope dropping down from the sky. How can the word love and the word life even fit in the mouth?”
“Remember never to text and drive, it's bad grammar, even if you have a deadline. You might cross the line and dead may be your destination. Think about it!!”
“Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“Remember that you are only alive now. This is the only moment you have. Embrace it.”
“Remember the names of your ancestors in memory. Walk as if every tree you pass through in the mountain is a reliquary of their being, a safekeeping for life.”
“Remember tomorrow has it own plans.so if you plan for tomorrow don't think tomorrow will favor you.”
“Remember tomorrow has it own plans.so if you plan for tomorrow dont think tomorrow will favor you.”
“Remember, it is YOUR LIFE, and only YOU are responsible to God for what you do with it and who you become.”
“Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.”
“Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.”
“Remember, you are in control of your own destiny and happiness, so don’t let anyone else dictate how you feel or cause you to lose your inner peace.”
“Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.”
“Remember: there are no mistakes only lessons love yourself trust your choises and everything is POSSIBLE”
“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“Replace the guilt with pride, the sorrow with smiles, gather the broken pieces of the heart, and dance.”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“Reshaping life! People who can say that have never understood a thing about life—they have never felt its breath, its heartbeat—however much they have seen or done. They look on it as a lump of raw material that needs to be processed by them, to be ennobled by their touch. But life is never a material, a substance to be molded. If you want to know, life is the principle of self-renewal, it is constantly renewing and remaking and changing and transfiguring itself, it is infinitely beyond your or my obtuse theories about it.”
“Respect your haters; they are always the first to show you that you are better than them.”
“Respecting requests, rules and privacy is a universal law. You break that basic etiquette 101, you're seriously flawed.”
“Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.”
“Right now, I had everything I could ask for. It wasn't a long list, but it was a very satisfying one, starting with the love of my life back in my arms.”
“Rigidity is the greatest impediment to growth.”
“Rise and rise again until lambs become lions”
“Rise higher when you fall  be confident to face it all  and focus on making the impossible possible!”
“Rise to the occassion which is life!”
“Roads Go Ever On Roads go ever ever on, Over rock and under tree, By caves where never sun has shone, By streams that never find the sea; Over snow by winter sown, And through the merry flowers of June, Over grass and over stone, And under mountains in the moon. Roads go ever ever on, Under cloud and under star. Yet feet that wandering have gone Turn at last to home afar. Eyes that fire and sword have seen, And horror in the halls of stone Look at last on meadows green, And trees and hills they long have known. The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way, Where many paths and errands meet. The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with weary feet, Until it joins some larger way, Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say. The Road goes ever on and on Out from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone. Let others follow, if they can! Let them a journey new begin. But I at last with weary feet Will turn towards the lighted inn, My evening-rest and sleep to meet.”
“Robert again faced the sky. “That is a children’s dream, Marian. We are old enough that we must think of realities.” “The reality is that I have no place, excepting I carve out one alone.”
“Rock 'n' roll is not red carpets and MySpace friends, rock'n'roll is dangerous and should piss people off”
“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”
“Romance novels are birthday cake and life is often peanut butter and jelly. I think everyone should have lots of delicious romance novels lying around for those times when the peanut butter of life gets stuck to the roof of your mouth.”
“Romans 12:8-21 Whether people know or see that you are racist or not. You know. Do the right thing and get rid of that evil heart and mind. Racism is not generic, but it is being taught. Most people who are racist are being groomed by bad parents to be racist. If being racist is a good thing, why are you publicly hiding that you are racist. You can comfort yourself by telling lies and believing lies you telling each other. Truth is you are not as good as you think you are if you are racist. You are not good person at”
“Romantics. This book does contain some romantic ideas, and romantic situations that are of the heart, nothing that is in anyway X rated, not even R. But definitely a bit of romance.”
“Roses do not bloom hurriedly; for beauty, like any masterpiece, takes time to blossom.”
“Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.”
“Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think”
“Rule of life. If you bother to ask someone’s advice, then bother to listen to it.”
“Rule your mind or it will rule you.”
“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
“Running isn't a sport for pretty boys It's about the sweat in your hair and the blisters on your feet. Its the frozen spit on your chin and the nausea in your gut. It's about throbbing calves and cramps at midnight that are strong enough to wake the dead. It's about getting out the door and running when the rest of the world is only dreaming about having the passion that you need to live each and every day with. It's about being on a lonely road and running like a champion even when there's not a single soul in sight to cheer you on. Running is all about having the desire to train and persevere until every fiber in your legs, mind, and heart is turned to steel. And when you've finally forged hard enough, you will have become the best runner you can be. And that's all that you can ask for.”
“Rushing toward his friend as if he races the pain races to him, struggles with sorrow. Raman crossed the green fields between them. Since they met, they did not part, and they vowed not to do so. -“I will not leave him alone, I will be his father, brother, and friend”, this is how he took a vow to himself when he saw his friend crying and complaining about his father’s departure to war. Thus, he renewed the covenant on the day he saw him silent and alone, with his mother placing in his hands the farewell poem. A hand patted his shoulder, wrapped towards him, and hugged him – my friend, he is gone. – he will come back, Raman, my father promised me that he will come back on Eid morning. – Ruslan, he can’t keep this promise anymore. Now, it is Eid, let’s play and have fun. – No, Eid will never come unless my father comes, Eid will never come unless my father comes.”
“Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to.”
“Sacrifice is necessary if you want to move forward or improve your life.”
“Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained.”
“Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.”
“Safety, stability--it's an illusion. It's a false god, Simon. It's like clinging to a sinking raft instead of learning to swim.”
“Same world, but different time zones. Therefore, past, present and future are one. Three in one.”
“Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.”
“Save your mind and heart from self-destruction. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.”
“Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.”
“Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.”
“Search of truth is actually a search of strength to handle the truth.”
“Second Confrontation With The Limp. Today while ascending the escalators, In the crowd of thousands of spectators, The limp appeared once again, With similar signature of pain and strain, And the drag with which he pulled his right foot, Today seemed shorter than half a foot, He appeared to be moving in a definite direction, Without any doubts or dereliction, As I was ascending the escalator, He was descending the stairs one at a time , like a helpless procrastinator, And there I caught a glimpse of human emotion, A feeling of surging and pristinely humane sensation, A man who must have been in his mid sixties and ascending the escalator beside me, With side parted grey hair and a composed look that even skies longed to see, Caught the sight of the limp holding his bag in his left hand, While he held his right leg with his right hand and pushed it to the next step, to maintain balance and anyhow stand, He descended the stairs with caution, one step at a time, And the left leg, was in complete denial to rhyme, With the floundering right foot supported by his ankle high shoes, But there was nothing to cover or hide his face bearing the painful blues, The man looked at him and turned to see him again and again, Then without making it obvious, he removed his spectacles and cleared his tears, as he revived his look simple and plain, But it seemed he missed a heart beat when he saw the man limping in the crowd, A rush of emotion crossed him and surged his existence and for anyone equally sensitive, it was silent yet very loud, His feelings of sympathy were displayed all over his face, The sadness that he managed to hide with a synthetic grace, Failed in preventing him to constantly turn his head and look at the limping man, Perhaps it reminded him of someone dear or he felt a fellow human beings pain culminating in the form of the limping man, And he quietly wept and maybe felt deeply sorry for the limp and his relentless dragging, For whatever reason the limp too turned and looked back, and both were locked in a momentary emotional tugging, Where the limp gently smiled and bowed a bit, The man tried to smile too but he couldn't, so he lifted his hand slowly and waved it at him, as if to tell him, keep walking, never stop or sit, And then both pursued, rather were lured by their destinies, One ascending, the other one descending, with their own dreams, own hopes and a bunch of certainties, The man must be where he ought to be, the limp too might be at his destination now, But today both of them conquered their destinies with that humbling and simple bow!”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely. Think once!”
“Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!”
“Secrets are suffocating.”
“Secrets bind us down yet set us free. Love is like that, too.”
“Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.”
“See every good-bye as a thank you.”
“See life for what it is - a blessing to be lived - rather than what it is often reduced to; a problem to be fixed.”
“See people as they are. Never make assumptions.”
“See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it. And the very act of living is a tide: at first it seems to make no difference at all, and then one day you look down and see how much pain has eroded.”
“See, the poor dream all their lives of getting enough to eat and looking like the rich. And what do the rich dream of?? Losing weight and looking like the poor.”
“Seeing through a person's internal dialogue helps you connect with them.”
“Seek fulfilment. Not acceptance.”
“Self belief is the 'Power' to get success!”
“Self mastery is the greatest mastery.”
“Self-Love Requires Self-Care; caring for ourselves focuses on our well-being in mind. We are giving ourselves the same forgiveness, kindness, and compassion we give to others.”
“Self-Talk is the most important conversation of your life.”
“Self-acceptance is your truth, and in matters of someone else's opinion of you will only be their belief of you, and that opinion will only survive in your life if you accept it to be true.”
“Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life ”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life ”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you can Think once!”
“Self-consciousness is the enemy of all art, be it acting, writing, painting, or living itself, which is the greatest art of all.”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself ”
“Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.”
“Self-love is a good thing but self-awareness is more important. You need to once in a while go ‘Uh, I’m kind of an asshole.”
“Self-mastery is a significant skill for those who want a life of victory.”
“Self-talk should be a conversation of priority with oneself. It can be encouraging when having a positive outlook on life with your thoughts, beliefs, and ideas. Be Optimistic with positive thinking, and it can be an effective way to better your wellbeing with excellent outcomes in life. As a result, you will have greater life satisfaction.”
“Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!”
“Selfless leaders are able to self-evaluate and self-correct. They are not obsessed with leadership positions; they are passionate about rendering excellent service.”
“Sell what others can't! Always remember  UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!”
“Selling my soul would be a lot easier if I could just find it.”
“Sense this feeling, one of rapture, one of healing, of peace to the mind, of light to the soul, as you dance.”
“Serious authors or writers have the most serious faces that you can ever imagine.”
“Set some time off for play.”
“Settle the issue in your heart.”
“Sex is the real motivation in any relationship.”
“Shadows are our reflection but even a light heart has a dark shadow.”
“Sharing my uniquely funny true stories with a twist is cathartic, and helps me figure life out. You really can’t make this stuff up.”
“Sharing tales of those we've lost is how we keep from really losing them.”
“She burned too bright for this world.”
“She certainly seemed to have a life, not just an existence. She seemed happy. It must be possible, then.”
“She cracked a smile. "So what's your poison?" He sighed dramatically, and let the truth tumble off his tongue. "Life." "Ah," she said ruefully. "That'll kill you.”
“She did not want history to repeat itself. What she did not know was that sometimes, history had a way of crawling back into people’s life when they least expect it.”
“She didn't read books so she didn't know that she was the world and the heavens boiled down to a drop.”
“She didn’t need hope anymore because she knew the things you wanted weren’t necessarily the things that you needed. She knew that the things that were meant to be just happened. You couldn’t control them like she once thought.”
“She felt  how life, from being made up of little separate incidents which one lived one by one, became curled and whole like a wave which bore one up with it and threw one down with it, there, with a dash on the beach.”
“She had always thought applying to college would be exciting. Living away from home, meeting so many new people, Learning new things, making a few poor life desicisons .”
“She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.”
“She just smiled, said that she loved books more than anything, and started telling him excitedly what each of the ones in her lap was about. And Ove realised that he wanted to hear her talking about the things she loved for the rest of his life.”
“She laughed for her wasted, difficult life that never had to be wasted or difficult in the first place.”
“She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.”
“She looked away. Her attitude seemed to suggest that she had finished with him, and would be obliged if somebody would come and sweep him up.”
“She looked back as well as she could; but it was all confusion. She had taken up the idea, she supposed and made everything bend to it.”
“She looks at the swings, and I can see she’s imagining what they’d look like if the kids weren’t there. The guilt of this holds her down momentarily. It appears to be there constantly. Never far away, despite her love for them. I realize that nothing belongs to her anymore and she belongs to everything.”
“She should have done science, not spent all her time with her head in novels. Novels gave you a completely false idea about life, they told lies and they implied there were endings when in reality there were no endings, everything just went on and on and on.”
“She smiled and said with an ecstatic air: "It shines like a little diamond", "What does?" "This moment. It is round, it hangs in empty space like a little diamond; I am eternal.”
“She smiled. She knew she was dying. But it did not matter any longer. She had known something which no human words could ever tell and she knew it now. She had been awaiting it and she felt it, as if it had been, as if she had lived it. Life had been, if only because she had known it could be, and she felt it now as a hymn without sound, deep under the little whole that dripped red drops into the snow, deeper than that from which the red drops came. A moment or an eternity- did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist. She smiled, her last smile, to so much that had been possible.”
“She smiled. “Life is full of stories. Or maybe life is only stories. Good night, my dear Nao.”
“She supposed they were imperfections, those marks, but they didn't feel that way to her; they were a history, cut into his body: the map of a life of endless war.”
“She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?”
“She told me that you get to have only one true love, and once you've found it, whether you kept it or lost it, you'd never recover Accepting that was the hardest part.”
“She took my morning with her. My day begins in the afternoon, and it’s always hazy.”
“She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at this age, to tell her he had pitied her for years.”
“She was a gypsy, as soon as you unravelled the many layers to her wild spirit she was on her next quest to discover her magic. She was relentless like that, the woman didn't need no body but an open road, a pen and a couple of sunsets.”
“She was like a drowning person, flailing, reaching for anything that might save her. Her life was an urgent, desperate struggle to justify her life.”
“She was, quite simply, a nice lady who'd raised a family and now lived quietly with her cats and grew vegetables. This was nothing and everything.”
“She who reconciles the ill-matched threads Of her life, and weaves them gratefully Into a single cloth – It’s she who drives the loudmouths from the hall And clears it for a different celebration.”
“She'd gone to the right schools, chosen the right career, married the right partner, formed the right family - and made enormous sacrifices in the process, and yet here she was, thoroughly miserable, horrified by the prospect that her entire existence had been built on lies.”
“She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave. Or so she'd thought.”
“Shedding: She asked "How can you keep shedding your past? Your failures, your losses, and people you once loved?" And I replied: "Because there are some things you just cannot keep. They have provided you with the lesson, and you have taken the growth, So what is left to hold onto? Keep shedding sweetheart. Keep finding new and wonderful strengths that you never imagined you owned, Climbing mountains you never thought you'd climb, And mending your wounded heart for yet another time Life is all about shedding. So don't keep hurting the softness of your soul. Life's most profound gifts are held in the hands of those who can learn so graciously to let go".”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board. For some they come in with the tide. For others they sail forever on the same horizon, never out of sight, never landing until the Watcher turns his eyes away in resignation, his dreams mocked to death by Time. That is the life of men. Now, women forget all those things they don't want to remember, and remember everything they don't want to forget. The dream is the truth. Then they act and do things accordingly.”
“Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.”
“Shock is a merciful condition. It allows you to get through disaster with a necessary distance between you and your feelings.”
“Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.”
“Showing some people, the door when their time in your life is up is not a crime; it is a proactive stance to save your life.”
“Silence gives you a lot of strength, but it also pushes your close people away.”
“Silence is argument carried out by other means.”
“Silence may be a sign of patience, but it doesn't solve anything. Silence works for those who don't care about relationships in life.”
“Similarly my love, your smiles, your beauty nourish my existence, You, your love, your endless beauty are what I need for sustenance, My eternity lies in you, and only you, Eternity will be virtueless if it is not spent thinking about you and loving you. By : Javid Ahmad Tak”
“Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.”
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”
“Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.”
“Simply put, parenting feels like giving birth to yourself, raising yourself; and praying to God daily that you turn out better than the previous version of yourself.”
“Since change is directly proportional to time, all you have to do is predict the time. Or, when the change is going to take place. Be prepared for the best and worst case.”
“Since childhood, we have conditioned ourselves to stay away from the rain. The rain is not the problem. What the rain represents is the problem. All we hear are the voices of our 'loved ones' who brainwashed us with their broken view of life whenever it rains.”
“Since everything you want to do lays in front of you doesn't it make sense to plan for that/your future?”
“Since our education system only teaches “their facts” who will teach them the truth and how to think?”
“Since she’d started teaching and become a mother, she’d felt old, but that night, she realized she wasn’t old at all. You couldn’t be old and still be wrong about as many things as she’d been wrong about, and it was a kind of immaturity to call yourself old before you were.”
“Sinful living is like driving in a car with clouded headlights: you can see the road in front of you, but the darker it gets, the less light you'll have to guide you.”
“Sing your life; any fool can think of words that rhyme.”
“Singing in the rain. I'm singing in the rain. And it's such a fucking glorious feeling. An unexpected downpour and I am just giving myself into it. Because what the fuck else can you do? Run for cover? Shriek and curse? No--when the rain falls you just let it fall and you grin like a madman and you dance with it because if you can make yourself happy in the rain, then you're doing pretty alright in life.”
“Single is no longer a lack of options – but a choice. A choice to refuse to let your life be defined by your relationship status but to live every day Happily and let your Ever After work itself out.”
“Single is not a status, it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.”
“Single” is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.”
“Sisyphus was an entitled brat! The hero of his own story. We, however, are much worse. We are nothing but supporting characters in an endless novel, not essential, not consequential. just there for the sake of it.”
“Situations make you ugly or beautiful..”
“Six hundred and forty fish later, the only thing I know is everything you love will die. The first time you meet someone special, you can count on them one day being dead and in the ground.”
“Skinny guys fight till they're burger.”
“Sleep is good.”
“Sleep my little baby-oh Sleep until you waken When you wake you'll see the world If I'm not mistaken  Kiss a lover Dance a measure, Find your name And buried treasure  Face your life Its pain, Its pleasure, Leave no path untaken.”
“Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.”
“Slow or fast, no matter how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.”
“Small pleasures and little vices combine to make life happy.”
“Smart leaders always ask: "Who is important to us? What is important to us? Why is it important to us? How many things are important to us? And for how long will it be important to us?" They ask all these questions before embarking on the problem-solving process because they are determined to come up with the right and sustainable solutions.”
“Smart leaders always ask: "Who is important to us? What is important to us? Why is it important to us? How many things are important to us? And for how long will it be important to us?" They ask all these questions before embarking on the problem-solving process, because they are determined to come up with the right and sustainable solutions.”
“Smart leaders strive for peace because it is a non-painful process of problem-solving when compared to a war.”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Smiles bloom when you feel the summer breeze, the rush and pause of heartbeats, and the cool grass caressing dancing feet.”
“So I learned two things that night, and the next day, from him: the perfection of a moment, and the fleeting nature of it.”
“So go out and live real good and I promise you'll get beat up real bad. But, in a little while after you're dead, you'll be rotted away anyway. It's not gonna matter if you have a few scars. It will matter if you didn't live.”
“So he tasted the deep pain that is reserved only for the strong, just as he had tasted for a little while the deep happiness.”
“So it is that God tugs at a pilgrim's sleeve telling him to remember that he is only human. He must be his own man, remain in exile, and belong to himself. He must pay attention to his own feelings and to the meaning of what he does, if he is to be for himself, and yet for others as well.”
“So it is that there is nothing to be taught, but yet there is something to be learned.”
“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”
“So many wish for magic so many beg for fame, but if you could manifest anything you want life would be a boring game.”
“So much working, reading, thinking, living to do! A lifetime is not long enough.”
“So now you must choose  Are you a child who has not yet become world-weary? Or are you a philosopher who will vow never to become so? To children, the world and everything in it is new, something that gives rise to astonishment. It is not like that for adults. Most adults accept the world as a matter of course. This is precisely where philosophers are a notable exception. A philosopher never gets quite used to the world. To him or her, the world continues to seem a bit unreasonable - bewildering, even enigmatic. Philosophers and small children thus have an important faculty in common. The only thing we require to be good philosophers is the faculty of wonder…”
“So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry”
“So we forgive each other?" The crooked smile climbs up one more time. "Again?" And I look right into his eyes, right into him as far as I can see, because I want him to hear me, I want him to hear me with everything I mean and feel and say. "Always," I say to him. "Every time.”
“So, preferring death to capture, I accomplished the most astonishing deeds, and which, more then once, showed me that the too great care we take of our bodies is the only obstacle to the sucess of those projects which require rapid decision, and vigorous and determined execution. In reality, when you have once devoted your life to your enterprises, you are no longer the equal of other men, or, rather, other men are no longer your equals, and whosoever has taken this resolution, feels his strength and resources doubled.”
“So, this is how it's become? This is how I've become? A walking contradiction? I'm surrounded by people and feel alone. I claim to crave a bit of normalcy but now that I have some, it's like I don't know what to do with it, I don't know how to be a normal person anymore.”
“So, what if, instead of thinking about solving you whole life, you just think about adding additional good things. One at a time. Just let your pile of good things grow.”
“So, what is my story? I don't know. It's long and twisted and not quite finished yet.”
“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed. Light flooded in. And with it, hope.”
“Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.”
“Solitude is where I place my chaos to rest and awaken my inner peace.”
“Solitude led to retrospective thinking, and if the past is what you are trying to get away from, then constant distractions in the present are needed.”
“Solitude, the pricy state seeking tranquil air, for errors, for apologies, behold! a calm down side, beneath the sloppy, hilly village’s canopying shade, there is the warmth of lonely peace to respite”
“Some are condemned to remain mere “clock and smart phone watchers”, inasmuch as they are not able to read and interpret the lines of their life or don't even treasure the enchantment of daily captivating moments. If we are not prepared to give some personal time to social time, we walk like blind men through gloomy alleys of our existence. ( " Please. Just a bit of a chat " )”
“Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.”
“Some breakthroughs are limited by the barriers created by a lack of forgiveness.”
“Some choose to influence change, and some choose to be influenced by change. You choose which one are you.”
“Some days I stand out for reasons so cherished. Other days I'm out of this world. And those days, as I recall, are every day!”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains ”
“Some decisions taken by leaders may not be popular, because leadership is not a popularity contest.”
“Some delays are meant to preserve your life. So do not be weary when things do not go according to your plan.”
“Some details in life may look insignificant but appear to be vital leitmotifs in a person's life. They may have the value of "Rosebuds" of Citizen Kane or "Madeleine cookies" of Marcel Proust or "Strawberry fields" of the Beatles. People regularly walk down the memory lane of their early youth. The paper boats of their childhood are recurrently floating on the waves of their mind and bring back the mood and the spirit of the early days. They enable us to retreat from the trivial, daily worries and can generate delightful bliss and true joy in a sometimes frantic and chaotic life. ("Paper boats forever" )”
“Some do not need open-heart surgery. They just need to open their hearts and forgive.”
“Some fish love to swim upstream. Some people love to overcome challenges.”
“Some friends may want to show their dominance over you. Thread lightly.”
“Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.”
“Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.”
“Some miracles can only happen when you choose to forgive.”
“Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss ." He turned to me. "But every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare.”
“Some of your best weapons against unhappiness may be on the shelf of your own heart.”
“Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?”
“Some people are born with tornadoes in their lives, but constellations in their eyes. Other people are born with stars at their feet, but their souls are lost at sea.”
“Some people are determined to misunderstand you. Let them. Because once God reveals the Truth, it’s going to be SO Sweet for You.. and most likely very sour for them..”
“Some people are good at pretending that they are innocent.”
“Some people are interested in others life because they feel dissatisfied with their own.”
“Some people are like that - always searching fro something better, never satisfied.,Makes you wonder if they ever get a good night's sleep. They must toss and turn, dreaming about a softer mattress or a plumper pillow.”
“Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!”
“Some people are not loved back in a relationship. They just get manipulated.”
“Some people are right, the others are left.”
“Some people are unforgivable.”
“Some people can't differentiate between care and control in a relationship.”
“Some people claim that a friend is worth more than a brother and others say the opposite, a brother is worth more than a mere friend. But in our case, we are both brothers and friends.”
“Some people come into your life to make it worthwhile, while others come to waste time. Choose the ones worth your while.”
“Some people create a rainbow; others curse the sky. That’s how life goes.”
“Some people do respect but don't support you and some people support you but don't respect you." -Aron Micko H.B”
“Some people have lives; some people have music.”
“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”
“Some people lie to save themselves, and some lie to save others.”
“Some people look as if they have lost their eagerness and passion. Their aspiration seems to be exhausted and fresh inspiration has abandoned their weary mind. Life has boundlessly given them material welfare, which has fully spoiled them in the end. No energy for longing has been left, as they have reached a twilight zone. The twilight of desire. ( "Twilight of desire" )”
“Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.”
“Some people may be sick from holding grudges. All they need to do is forgive and be fine.”
“Some people say you pick up the Dirty Boogie where you left it off. Others say you pick it up where you would have been had you never gotten off it.”
“Some people suffer in silence, pain in the hearts but smiles on their faces.”
“Some people will make your life seem like heaven; others will make it seem like hell. Choose to ignore the latter. Life is better when you are surrounded by angels.”
“Some people's lives seem to flow in a narrative; mine had many stops and starts. That's what trauma does. It interrupts the plot. You can't process it because it doesn't fit with what came before or what comes afterward. A friend of mine, a soldier, put it this way. In most of our lives, most of the time, you have a sense of what is to come. There is a steady narrative, a feeling of "lights, camera, action" when big events are imminent. But trauma isn't like that. It just happens, and then life goes on. No one prepares you for it.”
“Some people, they can't just move on, you know, mourn and cry and be done with it. Or at least seem to be. But for me  I don't know. I didn't want to fix it, to forget. It wasn't something that was broken. It's just something that happened. And like that hole, I'm just finding ways, every day, of working around it. Respecting and remembering and getting on at the same time. ”
“Some prefer isolation. Some prefer crowd.”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“Some say Karma is a bitch. It all comes back to you, eventually. If this world can be boiled down to two truths. It would be the second law of thermodynamics (entropy) and the law of action and reaction (Karma). Well, if Karma really makes up the fabric of this Universe, if it is really a bitch, then prove it in this life itself! Why wait for reincarnation? Do you think I would be me once I die and transition to another body? No! What makes me, me, are my memories.”
“Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.”
“Some sicknesses can be eliminated if bitterness is eradicated and forgiveness is appreciated.”
“Some things are best hidden by remaining directly in front of everyone’s eyes.”
“Some things better left unspoken”
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”
“Some things in life are too complicated to explain in any language.”
“Some things need to be left unsaid.”
“Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.”
“Some things you hear with your ears. Others, you hear with your heart.”
“Some times in life you need pain .To understand the world rules .”
“Some times things just fall off your plate.”
“Some will feel as if they owe you no apology, forgive them nonetheless. Remember, it is not about how they feel; it is about how you feel when you forgive.”
“Some will live your dream and some will live your past but it depends on you, what you make out of life.”
“Some will not be pleased to see you win. Some will do whatever it takes to cause you pain from week to week. Do not let them get away with it. Forgive and find peace from within. Let God take the wheel and you will win.”
“Somebody imperfect to the world can be absolutely perfect for you.”
“Somehow, from where I started, I’ve taken two steps forward and about a hundred steps back.”
“Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.”
“Something that is yours forever is never precious”
“Somethings cant be recovered but can be changed..”
“Sometimes 'the only way' becomes 'your way' when there is 'no other way.”
“Sometimes - by being sure of defeating you - a force attacks you unexpectedly! When you show it that it can’t defeat you, you continue on your way with greater strength by adding the power of the power you defeated to your soul!”
“Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.”
“Sometimes I become the wanderer ”
“Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.”
“Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.”
“Sometimes I just think depression's one way of coping with the world. Like, some people get drunk, some people do drugs, some people get depressed. Because there's so much stuff out there that you have to do something to deal with it.”
“Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, 'Where have I gone wrong'. Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.”
“Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”
“Sometimes People think you are Not Normal ,Make them think you are actually Not Normal (Genius).”
“Sometimes a journey is not about the traveler. It is not about a destination. It is about the bringing together of worlds. It is about lighting a path.”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“Sometimes all one need in life is hope and faith.”
“Sometimes bad things have to happen before good things can.”
“Sometimes change is what you need to do the things you never dared to do—to focus on big dreams and make them real.”
“Sometimes courage is a quiet fight, a dim softness within you, that flickers even on your darkest days and reminds you that you are strong, that you are growing, that there is hope.”
“Sometimes distance was easier than acting, or explaining.”
“Sometimes even when you try to forgive someone, you fail to do it because you know they will hurt you again.”
“Sometimes fate or life or whatever you want to call it, leaves a door a little open and you walk through it. But sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key, or pick the lock, or knock the damn thing down. And sometimes, it doesn't even show you the door, and you have to build it yourself. But if you keep waiting for the doors to be opened for you  I think you'll have a hard time finding single happiness, let alone that double portion.”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“Sometimes holding on is what holds us back.”
“Sometimes holding on is what holds you back.”
“Sometimes in life, a sudden situation, a moment in time, alters your whole life, forever changes the road ahead.”
“Sometimes in life, it is necessary to be a colourful flower that can be noticed even from far away; sometimes you have to be a green frog in green algae that cannot be noticed even up close! You need to know when to shine and when to hide!”
“Sometimes in life, you need opposers. Like the air pressure that fills up a flat tyre and enables it to perform at its best, such people can help accelerate your growth process if you do not allow them to hinder your success.”
“Sometimes it is hard to forgive, but when you look at the life of Christ, you realize the power of forgiveness.”
“Sometimes it made her want to put her fist through glass; other times, it made her cry a river.”
“Sometimes it rains and other times clear skies, life is full of compensations. We must compromise to its terms and conditions; without complaining.”
“Sometimes it seemed to him that his life was delicate as a dandelion. One little puff from any direction, and it was blown to bits.”
“Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand”
“Sometimes it takes a meltdown to cool down.”
“Sometimes it's better to stop trying to make sense of things. Life isn't clear cut, there are always gray areas.”
“Sometimes it's hard to tell what derails a train and with life it is the same. ~ As the moon began to rust”
“Sometimes it's isolation before elevation.”
“Sometimes it's like all the problems of life gather in one night and swoop down on you! On that day, you must be stronger than you have ever been in your life; stand firm like a rock! Only a very strong rock can fend off a very strong wave!”
“Sometimes it's our own people that limit our growth.”
“Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.”
“Sometimes it's the thought of someone leaving you which is more painful than the pain you feel when someone leaves you.”
“Sometimes it’s the complication, which just lies in our minds”
“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”
“Sometimes life doesn't happen in chronological order.”
“Sometimes life doesn't make any sense to you; this sounds very weird to you! But the truth of the matter is this: Sometimes if life makes sense to you then you have to see it as something weird!”
“Sometimes life doesn’t make sense. Sometimes there is no good reason for the events that take place. But most times, you’ll realize it will all make sense for a much better reason, if you’re patient enough to wait.”
“Sometimes life happens so fast, it feels like a blip on a tv screen. You know something was there, but you don't know what it was.”
“Sometimes life happens.”
“Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.”
“Sometimes life is very mean: a person can spend days, weeks, months and years without feeling new. Then, when a door opens - a positive avalanche pours in. One moment, you have nothing, the next, you have more than you can cope with.”
“Sometimes life isn't about flying. It is about putting one foot in front of the other.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass  get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Sometimes life puts a red light in front of you and tells you to stop! If you stop, you become a coward in the eyes of life; if you pass, life rewards you, because life favours courage!”
“Sometimes life requires more of you than you have to give & demands you plunge into the reinvention of yourself if you truly wanna live.”
“Sometimes life seems like a poorly designed cage within which man has been sentenced to be free.”
“Sometimes life takes hold of one, carries the body along, accomplishes one's history, and yet is not real, but leaves oneself as it were slurred over.”
“Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.”
“Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.”
“Sometimes life will require that you walk a million miles. Do it, no matter how hard it becomes. One day, you will look back and be proud that you were able to do that.”
“Sometimes life’s most important moments begin with the casting of a seed, a small, uncertain act whose full significance becomes apparent only much later.”
“Sometimes my own darkness scares me.”
“Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.”
“Sometimes pain is our greatest teacher. It's through those experiences that we learn our most important lessons.”
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
“Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.”
“Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.”
“Sometimes problems don’t require a solution to solve them; instead they require maturity to outgrow them.”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“Sometimes the best reward for the love you give to someone is their hatred for you.”
“Sometimes the bright sun rises behind the high mountains, sometimes the luminous full moon rises, sometimes black storm clouds appear! Such are the days of life, sometimes hope and sometimes despair emerge from the horizon!”
“Sometimes the clouds weren't weightless. Sometimes their bellies got dark and full. It was life. It happened. It didn't mean it wasn't scary, or that I wasn't still afraid, but now I knew that as long as I was standing under it with Braden beside me when those clouds broke, I'd be alright. We'd get rained on together. Knowing Braden he'd have a big ass umbrela to shelter us from the worst of it. That there was an uncertain future I could handle.”
“Sometimes the dangerous places are not marked. Be sure to use your senses in such situations.”
“Sometimes the fear of disappointing others is greater than the fear of disappointing ourselves.”
“Sometimes the hardest part isn't letting go but rather learning to start over.”
“Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.”
“Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.”
“Sometimes the more you do good, the more tragedies you will experience in life, but you can sleep well at night knowing you have done your best to help others.”
“Sometimes the only way to ever find yourself is to get completely lost.”
“Sometimes the only way to move forward is to step back and move out”
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.”
“Sometimes the right thing feels all wrong until it is over and done with.”
“Sometimes the saddest stories are hidden behind the brightest smiles.”
“Sometimes the spirits want to possess the corporeal bodies. They also want to enjoy life in physical form.”
“Sometimes the stronger we look from outside. The weaker we are from inside.”
“Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.”
“Sometimes the weak will last for years, while the strong will suddenly collapse and die.”
“Sometimes the worst-tasting crap is the best for you.”
“Sometimes there are no happy days after sad days. There are more sad days”
“Sometimes things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.”
“Sometimes those whom offended you will look at you and wonder how you do it, not knowing you are free because you chose to forgive.”
“Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.”
“Sometimes we all forget that the world itself is paradise, and there has been much of late to enourage that amnesia. (Microserfs, p 366)”
“Sometimes we are so caught up in the issues of life that we forget the point of departure. We are nothing but voyagers with limited time. We should live each day with a great sense of duty, knowing that one day we will account for this adventure.”
“Sometimes we burden ourselves with the responsibility of making others happy.”
“Sometimes we don't need advice. Sometimes we just need to hear we're not the only one." -”
“Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!”
“Sometimes we have to let go of the life we thought we'd live and embrace the one fate bring to us.”
“Sometimes we have to let go of the life we thought we'd live and embrace the one fate brought to us.”
“Sometimes we love with nothing more than hope. Sometimes we cry with everything except tears. In the end that’s all there is: love and its duty, sorrow and its truth. In the end that’s all we have - to hold on tight until the dawn”
“Sometimes we outgrow people or they outgrow us, and that's okay. Don't let the loss of a few people make you forget the happiness that still exists in your life. Love yourself, love your surroundings, and keep moving forward with grace and strength.”
“Sometimes we talk to people because we're curious about who they are. Imagine how limited our individual worlds would be without being curious.”
“Sometimes we use the value that someone else gives us to determine the worth of ourselves and wonder why we fall short. When we cease listening to our own soul, we give our power away.”
“Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.”
“Sometimes when you face hardship you think you've been buried when you've actually been planted. Keep growing.”
“Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope”
“Sometimes when you look at people, you don't see them clearly, you see them blurred, erased! Life is so short that these faint images of people soon become the truth. If we look at the speed of time and say that they have already disappeared, we would be telling the truth!”
“Sometimes you become a completely new person in an instant and it's for your betterment”
“Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them, too---even when you're in the dark. Even when you're falling.”
“Sometimes you do not need forgiveness from others; you just need to forgive yourself first.”
“Sometimes you don't want things to get better. You want them to get worse before you can finally get ride off them.”
“Sometimes you get pushed out not because you're not worth it, you are worth more.”
“Sometimes you get so used to getting hurt in life that you forget how to enjoy when you finally get happiness.”
“Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done.”
“Sometimes you have to kind of die inside in order to rise from your own ashes and believe in yourself and love yourself to become a new person.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“Sometimes you have to try a thing: even if it seems impossible, you have to try.”
“Sometimes you imagine that everything could have been different for you, that if only you had gone right one day when you chose to go left, you would be living a life you could never have anticipated. But at other times you think there was no other way forward--that you were always bound to end up exactly where you have.”
“Sometimes you just have those days where everything goes wrong. But sometimes, and totally unexpectedly, something can go right.”
“Sometimes you meet people and know immediately that they were meant to be your friend.”
“Sometimes you must banish the thought before it’s safe to live in the mind.”
“Sometimes you must put down the map, give up the way you thought it was going and, like Lewis and Clarke, make a new map after you’ve blazed a new trail.”
“Sometimes you need a little crisis to get your adrenaline flowing and help you realize your potential.”
“Sometimes you open your window, a calm sea in front of you; sometimes you open your window, a cruel storm in front of you! The storm speaks, you know? What does he say, shall I say? He says you didn't appreciate that quiet day enough! Next time, be more appreciative!”
“Sometimes you wonder why life is been so hard on you. You're not in the wrong place, it's just that life takes turn. When it's your turn, everything will be like a miracle.”
“Sometimes you're trying so hard to get your life together and still it's not enough, everything is falling apart. What to do, you're asking. Just keep going through hell for yourself, not for everyone else. Richer with that wisdom, I will build my happiness from nothing. I will rise from the dust. And I will do it on my own. I will live for myself and I won’t look at the others.”
“Sometimes your age, too young or too old, can be the barrier to your lack of understanding of some deeper concepts.”
“Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.”
“Sometimes your reaction reveals unrevealed things.”
“Sometimes yuh gotta love even when it don't make sense.”
“Sometimes", said Miss Phillips, "the thing you dread doing the very thing you should do, just so you can stop thinking about it.”
“Sometimes, diverse circumstances can shift the perception of a person's reality.”
“Sometimes, forgiveness is the key you need to unlock many miracles in life.”
“Sometimes, it will not be easy to forgive with your strength or on your own. Ask for divine help.”
“Sometimes, it’s easier to cry than to hide the tear, And better to fight than to live in fear. Sometimes, it’s fine to be clueless of what lies ahead, And ok to spend a sleepless night in bed. Sometimes, it’s alright to be foolish, to have said that ‘No’, And ok to have held on than letting it go. Sometimes, it’s not up to one to make the choice, Sometimes, it’s just life that rolls the dice…”
“Sometimes, living means forgetting a little bit of life”
“Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!”
“Sometimes, people do evil against you because that is what they know best. So, there is no need to bear grudges against them. Just forgive them and let God deal with them.”
“Sometimes, people do not realize the power of forgiveness. That is why they walk around carrying bitterness, which hurts them in the end.”
“Sometimes, people may insult you because of what they have been through. Forgive them!”
“Sometimes, people may not be aware that they have caused you pain. So, if you do not forgive them, you will walk around carrying a grudge against those who think they are innocent.”
“Sometimes, people walk around with many problems, some of which can be easily resolved if they choose to forgive.”
“Sometimes, the journey of life can be difficult, but remember, this is your race to run; no one can do it on your behalf.”
“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world  ”
“Sometimes, we do not forgive people because we feel entitled to hold on to a grudge. Yet we forget that we owe ourselves a happy life.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and looking around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and watch around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“Sometimes, you must keep quiet and watch God answer for you. Do not hold a grudge. Be strong enough to forgive others.”
“Sometimes, you must surprise yourself and forgive those who do not even deserve it.”
“Somewhere between love and hate lies confusion, misunderstanding and desperate hope.”
“Son, are you happy? I don't mean to pry, but do you dream of Heaven? Have you ever wanted to die?”
“Son. Everyone dies alone. That's what it is. It's a door. It's one person wide. When you go through it, you do it alone. But it doesn't mean you've got to be alone before you go through the door. And believe me, you aren't alone on the other side.”
“Songs and smells will bring you back to a moment in time more than anything else. It's amazing how much can be conjured with a few notes of a song or a solitary whiff of a room. A song you didn't even pay attention to at the time, a place that you didn't even know had a particular smell. I wonder what will someday bring back Dex and our few months together. Maybe the sound of Dido's voice. Maybe the scent of the Aveda shampoo I've been using all summer.”
“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
“Sorry for what? Your appearance? Your character? Wait, I bet it’s your smell. Twenty-four hours of terror, violence, chases, and being for all intents and purposes dead plays havoc with the armpits. Don’t let Lockwood step downwind of you tonight, that’s all I’m saying.”
“Sort it out Or work it out Or put up and shut up”
“Souls cross ages like clouds cross skies, an' tho' a cloud's shape nor hue nor size don't stay the same, it's still a cloud an' so is a soul. Who can say where the cloud's blowed from or who the soul'll be 'morrow? Only Sonmi the east an' the west an' the compass an' the atlas, yay, only the atlas o' clouds.”
“Speak with caution. Even if someone forgives harsh words you've spoken, they may be too hurt to ever forget them. Don't leave a legacy of pain and regret of things you never should have said.”
“Speed like a leper’s tongue on a virgin tit.”
“Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.”
“Spend your money where you are appreciated.”
“Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.”
“Spirituality is about being fully present, fully alive, fully alert, fully at peace and in that state of true awe and wonder.”
“Spirituality is about being your true self.”
“Spirituality is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God)”
“Spirituality makes everything a reality. Religion is the only belief system that turns things into a delusion.”
“Spontaneity is good for the soul.”
“Spring and summer are the ones that want winter to come the most because spring and summer owe their beauty to winter! Don't be sad when winter comes to your life, those winters will make your spring and summer more beautiful!”
“Spring passes and one remembers one's innocence. Summer passes and one remembers one's exuberance. Autumn passes and one remembers one's reverence. Winter passes and one remembers one's perseverance.”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be ”
“Stalked by wolves, eaten by witches, and trapped in a tower for over a decade. No one's life is a fairytale, or at least I would hope not!”
“Stand for nothing, and you’re free. No You, is Love. Choiceless unconditional, a limitless life, as it is.”
“Stand on your feet and stand up for yourself. Forgive!”
“Stars do not pull each other down to be more visible; they shine brighter.”
“Start Now! but believe in Yourself, Take Baby Steps One Day, you’ll leave behind the Rest!”
“Start before it's too late.”
“Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.”
“Start correcting others only after you have fully corrected yourself.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Start from scratch grow with cash!”
“Stay calm! Those ignoring you today will need you tomorrow.”
“Stay hungry, stay young, stay foolish, stay curious, and above all, stay humble because just when you think you got all the answers, is the moment when some bitter twist of fate in the universe will remind you that you very much don't.”
“Stay in illusion or accept reality. The choice is yours, don't blame others.”
“Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Stay true to yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.”
“Step out of the picture frames, into the sunlit pastors of life. How long will you worship the painting, isn't it time to take the scenic hike!”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Still I want to feast in the ritual of living. To feel the day breathe me in until I become weightless. To cling to my faith like dew cleaves to daylight. I want to be charmed by life's hope-to let the heaviness of this world drift as lost ships in undisturbed seas-I want to saunter purposefully, until I find that soft thing that defines me." "The Silence in us”
“Still, he figured, sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do, and then sometimes you've just got to run like hell after it's done.”
“Stop asking God to bless what you're doing. Find out what God's doing. It's already blessed.”
“Stop caring much about someone who wouldn't think twice before hurting you.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Stop feeling bad if someone criticizes you all the time. Because some people have the habit of correcting others and not themselves.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“Stop waiting for future and start building your future.”
“Stories you read when you're the right age never quite leave you. You may forget who wrote them or what the story was called. Sometimes you'll forget precisely what happened, but if a story touches you it will stay with you, haunting the places in your mind that you rarely ever visit.”
“Strange, I thought, how you can be living your dreams and your nightmares at the very same time.”
“Strange, how the best moments of our lives we scarcely notice except in looking back.”
“Strange, what being forced to slow down could do to a person.”
“Stray is the pride-confidence of legless bone-folded fool", transcending all its health and might in chasing after the Wind".”
“Stray is the pride-confidence of legless bone-folded fool", transcending all its health and might in chasing after the Winds and clouds".”
“Stress comes from ignorance and understanding cures it.”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.”
“Stuff your eyes with wonder," he said, "live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. Ask no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping its life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“Style is the answer to everything. A fresh way to approach a dull or dangerous thing To do a dull thing with style is preferable to doing a dangerous thing without it To do a dangerous thing with style is what I call art Bullfighting can be an art Boxing can be an art Loving can be an art Opening a can of sardines can be an art Not many have style Not many can keep style I have seen dogs with more style than men, although not many dogs have style. Cats have it with abundance. When Hemingway put his brains to the wall with a shotgun, that was style. Or sometimes people give you style Joan of Arc had style John the Baptist Jesus Socrates Caesar García Lorca. I have met men in jail with style. I have met more men in jail with style than men out of jail. Style is the difference, a way of doing, a way of being done. Six herons standing quietly in a pool of water, or you, naked, walking out of the bathroom without seeing me.”
“Success can cause people to unlearn the habits that made them successful in the first place”
“Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.”
“Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.”
“Success is a flower that doesn't grow in everyone's garden”
“Success is no accident . It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all  love of what you are doing . Tribute to the legend Pele”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Success is not important. It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.”
“Success is the circle, hard work is the perimeter of it. the diameter of success is the addition of radius and radius of success is the failures of it”
“Success is yours to define, not for others to prescribe.”
“Success keeps you in the game of life, but failure is the path to wisdom.”
“Successful leaders are truthful about what they do, because they know they can never succeed if they take shortcuts by lying to their followers.”
“Successful leaders do not invest in personal materials. They invest in the lives of their followers, because they understand that when everyone succeeds, it makes their leadership a success.”
“Successful leaders may seem weak, yet they can implement powerful strategies that help many win.”
“Successful leadership is a process where leaders succeed in making their vision a reality.”
“Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“Such is life - a game of dodging. When we dodge one challenge, hurled at us, another eventually catches us unaware.”
“Suddenly, books are arriving every day! "So many books, so little time.”
“Suffering has become an essential part of me, and I’d sabotage any attempt to heal. I’d be fearful of losing my unhappy self. I’d miss it if I were released.”
“Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.”
“Sunrise Nature is more beautiful than dreams So wake up early”
“Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.”
“Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something. Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens. And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life. Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it. Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.”
“Surrendering fully to God is tantamount to a back seat driver; you can yell out your suggestions all you want, but it's best if you sit back and just enjoy the ride.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.”
“Surround yourself with positive people who will support you and encourage you on your journey. Make sure to spend time with your family and friends in order to remind yourself of the things that matter most in life”
“Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.”
“Sweet talk's like salt. You can add some later, if need be, but if you pour out too much, you can't sift it out again.”
“TANSTAAFL: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.”
“THE GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in new things; A GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in moments. To enjoy THE GOOD LIFE we have to get ahead; to enjoy A GOOD LIFE we have to make the trip worthwhile. THE GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our pocketbooks; A GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our souls.”
“THE MOMENT YOU GIVE UP YOUR OWN TRUTH, YOU BECOME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.”
“Take a breath, take a stance, don’t rush forward or hold back, close your eyes, and let the mind relax. As anxious feet retreat to the cuddle of melodies, begin the journey of dance and the sacred path.”
“Take advantage of it now, while you are young, and suffer all you can, because these things don't last your whole life.”
“Take any emotion—love for a woman, or grief for a loved one, or what I’m going through, fear and pain from a deadly illness. If you hold back on the emotions—if you don’t allow yourself to go all the way through them—you can never get to being detached, you’re too busy being afraid. You’re afraid of the pain, you’re afraid of the grief. You’re afraid of the vulnerability that loving entails. “But by throwing yourself into these emotions, by allowing yourself to dive in, all the way, over your head even, you experience them fully and completely. You know what pain is. You know what love is. You know what grief is. And only then can you say, ‘All right. I have experienced that emotion. I recognize that emotion. Now I need to detach from that emotion for a moment’.”
“Take any path and hope for the best. At least it will lead you out of the shadows.”
“Take every day lightly. Not all your curiosity needs to be fulfilled at once.”
“Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“Take time daily to reflect on how much you have. It may not be all that you want but remember someone somewhere is dreaming to have what you have.”
“Take what comes and live life without complaint. What will be, will be. Life is a woman's gift; death is God's.”
“Take wrong turns. Talk to strangers. Open unmarked doors. And if you see a group of people in a field, go find out what they are doing. Do things without always knowing how they'll turn out. You're curious and smart and bored, and all you see is the choice between working hard and slacking off. There are so many adventures that you miss because you're waiting to think of a plan. To find them, look for tiny interesting choices. And remember that you are always making up the future as you go.”
“Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.”
“Taking on too much of other people's drama is just a poor excuse for not taking ownership and control over your own life.”
“Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.”
“Talent is at least half luck We are lucky in our parents, teachers, experience, circumstances, friends, times, physical and mental endowment, or we are not.”
“Teach me to sing and recite, To whistle and jingle and strum. Teach me to color and paint, To sculpt and weave and create. Teach me to sway and dance, To tap and leap and twirl. Teach me to laugh and giggle, To tickle and play and pretend. Teach me that life is beautiful.”
“Teach your heart to forgive every day. It will help your mind to find peace always.”
“Tears are words the heart can't express”
“Tears do not replace sweat, at least it never did in me  When I just cry, I'm in the same situation.”
“Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depths of some devine despair Rise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.”
“Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil”
“Tell a wise person, or else keep silent, because the mass man will mock it right away. I praise what is truly alive, what longs to be burned to death. In the calm water of the love-nights, where you were begotten, where you have begotten, a strange feeling comes over you, when you see the silent candle burning. Now you are no longer caught in the obsession with darkness, and a desire for higher love-making sweeps you upward. Distance does not make you falter. Now, arriving in magic, flying, and finally, insane for the light, you are the butterfly and you are gone. And so long as you haven't experienced this: to die and so to grow, you are only a troubled guest on the dark earth.”
“Tell me,” she interrupted, “are you quite sure that these friends of yours can be trusted?” “Quite sure. I know them personally, and have worked with them.” ”That is, they are members of the sect to which you belong? Forgive my scepticism, but I am always a little doubtful as to the accuracy of information received from secret societies. It seems to me that the habit⁠—” "Who told you I belonged to a 'sect'?" he interrupted sharply. “No one; I guessed it." "Ah!" He leaned back in his chair and looked at her, frowning. “Do you always guess people's private affairs?” he said after a moment. “Very often. I am rather observant, and have a habit of putting things together. I tell you that so that you may be careful when you don't want me to know a thing.”
“Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.”
“Temple is a hospital for a wounded soul, and prayers are the healing medicine.”
“Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.”
“Ten long trips around the sun since I last saw that smile, but only joy and thankfulness that on a tiny world in the vastness, for a couple of moments in the immensity of time, we were one.”
“Ten seconds, that's all it takes for life to throw you a curveball.”
“Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you CHOSE your life, you didn’t SETTLE for it.”
“Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.”
“That I shall love always, I argue thee that love is life, and life hath immortality”
“That golden pin ball of a hare must be fresh dead! Thirty eight rabbits, seven squirrels, and one kitty cat D.O.A--MEEEEOOOWWW! Bippity bop-bop-bop bippity boo! I’m not no swineherd, my flocks a dead zoo! Won’t crunch on no crumpets, I slurp bacon stew! Ain’t dyin’ in one life, “my brothaaaa”, I’m livin’ two! Yo! Everything melts like grilled cheese in the grease of Old Blue! Old Blue! Old Blue! Everything melts like grilled cheese in the grease of Old Blue!” The Old Blue the character raps of…is money.”
“That is life  to begin again when everything is lost!”
“That is life, isn’t it? Fate. Luck. Chance. A long series of what-if’s that lead from one moment to the next, time never pausing for you to catch your breath, to make sense of the cards that have been handed to you. And all you can do is play your cards and hope for the best, because in the end, it all comes back to those three basics. Fate. Luck. Chance.”
“That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.”
“That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.”
“That small step of yours, can create a big impact in your life!”
“That was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me. But it is the same with any life. Imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been. Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.”
“That was how she had felt most of her life. Caught in the middle. Struggling, flailing, just trying to survive while not knowing which way to go. Which path to commit to without regret.”
“That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.”
“That was when I first observed a phenomenon I now call the "New York Slide": you offer your words to try to communicate and connect with someone, but your words just hit a brick wall the person has erected to ward off human contact- the words slide down it and roll away.”
“That what I need to survive is not Gale's fire, kindled with rage and hatred. I have plenty of fire myself. What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give me that.”
“That which allows the flow of winds, to its rhythm descends the rain, starts yet lasts beyond melodies play. It is a dance of heartbeats, it is a dance of countless journeys. It is a dance of life's spiritual escape.”
“That which is potentially the best becomes worst when corrupted”
“That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.”
“That's all the freedom we can hope for - the freedom to choose our prison.”
“That's all you can do in this world, no matter how strong the current beats against you, or how heavy your burden, or how tragic your love story. You keep going.”
“That's how it is on this bitch of an earth.”
“That's life for you, doesn't always happen the way you want or expect. Actually half the time you get thrown something even better than what you think.”
“That's life for you," said MacDunn. "Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home. Always someone loving some thing more than that thing loves them. And after a while you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.”
“That's most interesting. But I was no more a mind-reader then than today. I was weeping for an altogether different reason. When I watched you dancing that day, I saw something else. I saw a new world coming rapidly. More scientific, efficient, yes. More cures for the old sicknesses. Very good. But a harsh, cruel world. And I saw a little girl, her eyes tightly closed, holding to her breast the old kind world, one that she knew in her heart could not remain, and she was holding it and pleading, never to let her go. That is what I saw. It wasn't really you, what you were doing, I know that. But I saw you and it broke my heart. And I've never forgotten.”
“That's not a bad word hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.”
“That's one of the things we learn as we grow older -- how to forgive. It comes easier at forty than it did at twenty.”
“That's the point, isn't it? We have to live on, no matter how hard it gets. We'll win in the end.”
“That's the problem with life. You never get enough time to stare at your ceiling and try to figure out what's going on.”
“That's the problem with memories: you can visit them, but you can't live in them.”
“That's the thing I'm learning about being thrown out on yer own. Nobody does nothing for you. If you don't change it, it don't get changed.”
“That's the thing about lessons, you always learn them when you don't expect them or want them.”
“That's the thing about life. A lot of the time, it isn't easy at all. We just have to try to make the best of it.”
“That's what I love about Aibileen, she can take the most complicated things in life and wrap them up so small and simple, they'll fit right in your pocket.”
“That's what literature is. It's the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death! Listen to them!”
“That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.”
“That’s how I know they are dreams. Because the simple and plain and everyday things are the ones that we can never have. (Cassia Reyes)”
“That’s how stories happen — with a turning point, an unexpected twist. There’s only one kind of happiness, but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes. It’s like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
“That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.”
“That’s not a difference. That’s an opportunity to share new things with each other.”
“That’s the duty of the old, to be anxious on behalf of the young. And the duty of the young is to scorn the anxiety of the old.”
“That’s the sad irony of life. Once we learn our lessons… it’s over.”
“That’s the thing about a human life-there’s no control group, no way to ever know how any of us would have turned out if any variables had been changed.”
“That’s the thing with science. We’re drilled to believe that false positives are bad, but false negatives are just as terrifying.”
“That’s the way life is sometimes: you can fix things up, but you can’t make them all better.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood ”
“The Bhagavad Gita--that ancient Indian Yogic text--says that it is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.”
“The British actor who starred in the Jesus film should also receive an Oscar. Simply because his photo is widely idolized by many people around the world.”
“The Buddhists say there are 149 ways to God. I'm not looking for God, only for myself, and that is far more complicated. God has had a great deal written about Him; nothing has been written about me. God is bigger, like my mother, easier to find, even in the dark. I could be anywhere, and since I can't describe myself I can't ask for help.”
“The Christmas after Mom & Dad split up, they both went crazy buying us presents. Matt, Jonny, and I were showered with gifts at home and at Dads apartment. I thought that was great. I was all in favor of my love being paid for with presents. This year all I got was a diary and a secondhand watch. Okay, I know this is corny, but this really is what Christmas is all about.”
“The Clothing World Fashions the Ugly Filthy Body We Carry. But Beauty Comes from The Heart”
“The Cosmos is all that is or was or ever will be. Our feeblest contemplations of the Cosmos stir us -- there is a tingling in the spine, a catch in the voice, a faint sensation, as if a distant memory, of falling from a height. We know we are approaching the greatest of mysteries.”
“The Creator gave nature all known and unknown powers. Mother Nature, always benevolent and sometimes ruthless, nourishes us on a daily basis.”
“The Devils have walked with me across many regions.”
“The Divine is revealing itself to us every day. All we have to do is pay attention.”
“The Earth is a testing ground for every one of us including the most prominent and of the most eminent ones. A place where we find duality in everything including how we see it and how it actually is in reality. Similarly, the duality concept is in people you see and meet who are either good, bad, or people who have two faces, one that they show and one that they are within. One is the duality of the personalities we veil through ourselves and another is the duality of the soul within. Whether are you a soul having fire within or are you a soul having light within and whichever you feed the most becomes your abode within and hereafter. You are both, your heaven and hell, fire and light, and finally, love or hate within. And our creator wants us to purify ourselves of the fire within and become light by being on the side of truth within and outside, righteousness within and outside, and pious within and outside, and finally sincere within and outside. Creator loves the one who has one tongue, one thing which is in the heart and which is on the tongue. The thing you are within is outside and the thing outside is within so you become successful. Like Rocky has said: “The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It is a very mean and nasty place and it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't how hard you hit; it's about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward." The matter is not that you have truth with you but the question is are you truthful?!. The truth will only set you free when you are truthful within yourself.”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“The Impact of God without evidence is likened to Life without the Breath of God; for there is no impact without evidence.”
“The Laughing Heart your life is your life don’t let it be clubbed into dank submission. be on the watch. there are ways out. there is a light somewhere. it may not be much light but it beats the darkness. be on the watch. the gods will offer you chances. know them. take them. you can’t beat death but you can beat death in life, sometimes. and the more often you learn to do it, the more light there will be. your life is your life. know it while you have it. you are marvelous the gods wait to delight in you.”
“The Law of Inertia states that a body in motion will remain in motion, and a body at rest will remain at rest. In life, nothing will happen when no one will make a move”
“The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.”
“The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is why he made so many of them.”
“The One who does not avoid most extremes is of all cost”
“The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.”
“The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.”
“The Son of a vacuum Among the tall trees he sat lost, broken, alone again, among a number of illegal immigrants, he raised his head to him without fear, as nothing in this world is worth attention. -He said: I am not a hero; I am nothing but a child looking for Eid. The Turkmen of Iraq, are the descendants of Turkish immigrants to Mesopotamia through successive eras of history. Before and after the establishment of the Ottoman Empire, countries crossed from here, and empires that were born and disappeared, and still, preserve their Turkish identity. Although, after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the division of the Arab world, they now live in one of its countries. Kirkuk, one of the heavens of God on earth, is one of the northern governorates of Iraq in which they live. The Kurdish race is shared with them, a race out of many in Iraq. Two children of two different ethnicities, playing in a village square in Kirkuk province when the news came from Baghdad, of a new military coup. Without delay, Saddam Hussein took over the reins of power, and faster than that, Iraq was plunged into successive wars that began in 1980 with its neighbor Iran, a war that lasted eight years. Iraq barely rested for two years, and in the third, a new war in Kuwait, which did not end in the best condition as the leader had hoped, as he was expelled from it after the establishment of an international coalition to liberate it, led by the United States of America. Iraq entered a new phase of suffering, a siege that lasted more than ten years, and ended up with the removal of Saddam Hussein from his power followed by the US occupation of it in 2003. As the father goes, he returns from this road, there is no way back but from it. As the date approaches, the son stands on the back of that hill waiting for him to return. From far away he waved a longing, with a bag of dreams in his hands, a bag of candy in his pocket, and a poem of longing by a Turkmen poet who absorb Arabic, whose words danced on his lips, in his heart. -When will you come back, dad? -On the Eid, wait for me on the hill, you will see me coming from the road, waving, carrying your gifts. The father bid his son farewell to the Arab Shiite city of Basra, on the border with Iran, after the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war, as the homeland is calling its men, or perhaps the leader is calling his subjects. In Iraq, as in many countries of the Arab world, the homeland is the leader, and the leader is the homeland. Months passed, the child eagerly anticipating the coming of the feast, but the father hurried to return without an appointment, loaded on the shoulders, the passion reached its extent in the martyr’s chest, with a sheet of paper in his pocket on which he wrote: Every morning takes me nostalgic for you, to the jasmine flower, oh, melody in the heart, oh balm I sip every while, To you, I extend a hand and a fire that ignites in the soul a buried love, night shakes me with tears in my eyes, my longing for you has shaped me into dreams, stretching footsteps to the left and to the right, gleam, calling out for me, you scream, waking me up to the glimpse of the light of life in your face, a thousand sparkles, in your eyes, a meaning of survival, a smile, and a glace, Eid comes to you as a companion, without, life yet has no trace, for roses, necklaces of love, so that you amaze. -Where is Ruslan? On the morning of the feast day, at the door of his house, the kids asked his mother, -with tears in her eyes: He went to meet his father. A moment of silence fell over the children, -Raman, with a little gut: Aunt, do you mean he went to the cemetery? -Mother: He went to meet him at those hills.”
“The Test of Death -Would you believe someone you trust and swear to tell you the truth? -No -Why? -He may say what he thinks is the truth, which is not so, and I believe that the truth is not given, but taken, snatched, you have to fight to get it, the truth is not free. – We sent you to carry out a dangerous, sensitive task, a matter of life or death, and we sent someone you know is a deceiver and a liar to share it with you, we do not trust him either, but we need him? Do you accept it with him? -Maybe yes and maybe no -How? -Trust here has no place, even if I trust him, I may not implement it with him, and I may implement it with someone I do not trust, everyone in a certain circumstance has the ability of betrayal and treachery, as they have the capacity for honesty and sincerity, I will not trust anyone with a dangerous operation like this, but I will trust the plan; if the plan had taken all possibilities into consideration, including the possibilities of treachery, and if we put alternative plans in case of emergency, I would trust the plan itself, and implement it with those whose presence is required. -What is brainwashing? -It is a radical transformation of ideas in a short period of time, without a convincing reason or explanation. – How does the process work? -The primitive method is by coercive means, such as physical or psychological torture, to implant thoughts directly into the victim’s head. -What is the most advanced method? -By manipulating the surrounding environment of the victim, and passing ideas into his brain indirectly, to convince him that it is the product of chance, or for supernatural reasons such as your pre-written destiny, or that God has chosen you for this moment, and the more convincing the environment, and the more serendipitous, the quality of the process better. -How do you know you are being brainwashed? -I watch my thoughts, if I suddenly decide to switch them without a clear and convincing reason, and within a short period of time, then I have to study the changes in the environment around me, new people, targeted ads on social media, random videos, and everything around me seem to happen by chance It is directly or indirectly related to new ideas. Then research and focus, analyze and elicit, to try and discover the process. -What is long-term brainwashing? -A traditional brainwashing process, but it takes a relatively long time, such as repeating the idea to be cultivated weekly instead of repeating it daily, and this happens if the victim is intelligent and careful observation, so the process is done carefully and slowly so as not to discover it. -Which is more powerful, short-term or long-term brainwashing? -The short; the mind quickly ignores, when passing the idea in separate periods of time, it ignores the old ones, and buries them away in its memory, thus their impact decreases, so we are forced to plant the idea a thousand times instead of a hundred, to increase the momentum and compensate for the lack of influence of the old ideas, and with the presence of spaced periods of time when the process takes a long time, and the chance of discovering the target becomes greater. -What is a mind injection, and how is it done? -It is the process of implanting the ideas that are required to be implanted in it, in direct or indirect ways, and each has its own method and method of injection, some of them rush and some of them take longer than the necessary time, and in both cases, the injection does not take its desired effect, but it is possible that the effect is completely reversed. -How do you know that the injection process is going well? -The new and reprehensible reactions of the victim, especially the spontaneous ones. Which is issued near the end of the injection process.”
“The Treasure of life is not in "Rest" but in "Quest".”
“The Vehicle of Life's Journey is Spiritual.”
“The Way is not in the sky; the Way is in the heart.”
“The Wind Will Carry Us In my night, so brief, alas The wind is about to meet the leaves. My night so brief is filled with devastating anguish Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows? This happiness feels foreign to me. I am accustomed to despair. Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows? There, in the night, something is happening The moon is red and anxious. And, clinging to this roof That could collapse at any moment, The clouds, like a crowd of mourning women, Await the birth of the rain. One second, and then nothing. Behind this window, The night trembles And the earth stops spinning. Behind this window, a stranger Worries about me and you. You in your greenery, Lay your hands – those burning memories – On my loving hands. And entrust your lips, replete with life's warmth, To the touch of my loving lips The wind will carry us! The wind will carry us!”
“The Word " EMPATHY " isn't use only just about your pain.”
“The Young Man came to the Old Man seeking counsel. I broke something, Old Man. How badly is it broken? It's in a million little pieces. I'm afraid I can't help you. Why? There's nothing you can do. Why? It can't be fixed. Why? It's broken beyond repair. It's in a million little pieces.”
“The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.”
“The absence of meaning in life is the absence of life.”
“The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.”
“The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.”
“The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.”
“The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“The art of living  is neither careless drifting on the one hand nor fearful clinging to the past on the other. It consists in being sensitive to each moment, in regarding it as utterly new and unique, in having the mind open and wholly receptive.”
“The art of living lies in balancing the acts of life”
“The art of living lies in capping opportunities and not whining over problems.”
“The bad you see in others is nothing but a reflection of your poor vision.”
“The basis on which I live and breath is clearly not my making or written by me. I live because the firmament and the bodies that control the existence of man found me worthy. I'm here occupying space, tilling/ harvesting. Gradually, I fade into the stars ⭐. And in the end , I'm only but a sojourner who wouldn't stay till the end of time" @agboportia”
“The beautiful is always bizarre.”
“The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.”
“The beauty of the quote is not to overthink it, but to compress your present thoughts into one line.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“The behavior of a human being in sexual matters is often a prototype for the whole of his other modes of reaction in life.”
“The belief in death leads meditating about life; meanwhile, the belief in life leads you thinking about death.”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“The best chapter of your life begins after the end of a painful relationship.”
“The best gift you can present to Allah is your heart wrapped in repentance.”
“The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.”
“The best investment in relationships is the investment of time and emotions. And often that's what people don't care about.”
“The best laid schemes o' mice an' men gang aft agley.”
“The best of us must sometimes eat our words.”
“The best people in our life will make us realize our worth and won't make us feel unworthy.”
“The best proof that nothing will change in the world if humankind does not change is the development that takes place only technologically.”
“The best revenge is to find peace, happiness, and purpose in our life again.”
“The best self help book I've ever read was, The little Engine that Could.”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“The best solution to any problem in life is found within oneself rather than elsewhere.”
“The best student in high school may become the worst student of life.”
“The best thing we learn from some people in our life is that we should never become like them.”
“The best thing, though, in that museum was that everything always stayed right where it was. Nobody'd move. You could go there a hundred thousand times, and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish, the birds would still be on their way south, the deers would still be drinking out of that water hole, with their pretty antlers and they're pretty, skinny legs, and that squaw with the naked bosom would still be weaving that same blanket. Nobody's be different. The only thing that would be different would be you. Not that you'd be so much older or anything. It wouldn't be that, exactly. You'd just be different, that's all. You'd have an overcoat this time. Or the kid that was your partner in line the last time had got scarlet fever and you'd have a new partner. Or you'd have a substitute taking the class, instead of Miss Aigletinger. Or you'd heard your mother and father having a terrific fight in the bathroom. Or you'd just passed by one of those puddles in the street with gasoline rainbows in them. I mean you'd be different in some way—I can't explain what I mean. And even if I could, I'm not sure I'd feel like it.”
“The best time of my life is when I have no concept of it.”
“The best time to start anything is today.”
“The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.”
“The best version of life is better experienced in a movie. There the outcomes are more certain.”
“The best version of life is better expressed in a movie. There the outcomes are more certain.”
“The best way to know yourself is to learn to be yourself.”
“The best way to learn is by watching other people make mistakes and try things”
“The best way to live a better life is to do your best while you still have breath.”
“The best way to live life is to live it your way every day, not some days.”
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.”
“The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.”
“The best way to transform society is not through violent demonstrations, but through calculated conversations that question leadership and require accountability from leaders.”
“The best way to waste your life, is by taking notes. The easiest way to avoid living is to just watch. Look for the details. Report. Don't participate.”
“The best writers tend to look the roughest in photos. At least that's the excuse I use for why I look so bad in mine.”
“The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain is to pretend like nothing happen.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain it to pretend like nothing happen.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.”
“The blood that I shed due to your abuse had life. And everything that has life speaks. The voice of my blood is bigger than mine. So, enjoy the sleepless nights, listening to my blood, as it recites all the stories of violence that you’ve caused against me.”
“The bottom is someone's top in life.”
“The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?”
“The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.”
“The breath of our soul dancing into the dust of the Earth and shaping it with our soul’s artistry We are moving poetry”
“The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.”
“The central challenge facing game designers is to delay the moment until you realize it’s a complete waste of time.”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“The child is born free of fear. But it is the feelings or actions of the parents, or those around, that instil the spirit of fear in the child.”
“The children seek to resolve the issue amongst themselves, and mete out punishment to restore balance and keep the game going.”
“The children were overwhelmingly morbid. Not a single adult asked me where butterflies go when they die, but this question was more popular than pixie sticks with the under-four-foot set. I cursed parents for not preparing their children. When I was five, my mother and sister sat me up on the kitchen counter and explained the facts of life: the Easter Bunny didn't exist, Elijah was God's invisible friend, with any luck Nana would die soon, and if I ever saw a unicorn, I should kill it or catch it for cash. I turned out okay.”
“The choices you make now, the people you surround yourself with, they all have the potential to affect your life, even who you are, forever.”
“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”
“The clear awareness of having been born into a losing struggle need not lead one into despair. I do not especially like the idea that one day I shall be tapped on the shoulder and informed, not that the party is over but that it is most assuredly going on—only henceforth in my absence. (It's the second of those thoughts: the edition of the newspaper that will come out on the day after I have gone, that is the more distressing.) Much more horrible, though, would be the announcement that the party was continuing forever, and that I was forbidden to leave. Whether it was a hellishly bad party or a party that was perfectly heavenly in every respect, the moment that it became eternal and compulsory would be the precise moment that it began to pall.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.”
“The consequences of every act are included in the act itself.”
“The content structures of our existence, whether of mind or body, are helpful in our daily activities. Nevertheless, these can also be very manipulative and restrictive concerning conscious awakening. Thoughts and emotions can be excellent students of life. However, they cannot and should never be the teacher or master of this mystery.”
“The core of leadership is serving in humility, for humility is the aroma that inspires people to follow and be motivated to make a difference in excellence.”
“The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.”
“The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.”
“The cost of oblivious daydreaming was always this moment of return, the realignment with what had been before and now seemed a little worse. ”
“The courage to forgive often comes from the willingness to live a life of freedom.”
“The crack in your heart allows light in. ~ GOOD FORTUNE page 238”
“The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.”
“The creative flow is ever-present. If you don’t feel it, breathe walk meditate— smile at the universe, and it will smile back.”
“The criteria for who to take life advice from is whether or not you could trade life with them.”
“The day I died was just like any other idle Thursday.”
“The day is brittle as instant noodles I despise.”
“The day we decide to drop the flimsy makeshift scenarios in our cluttered mind and eschew the ‘alleluias’ of self-importance, life can become genuine, lucid and graceful, like a flow of wellness in the glow of a new morning. ("Words flew away like birds")”
“The day you realize that you can create your happiness out of nothing is the day your life will change forever.”
“The day you stop looking for happiness outside, the very day you will be happy.”
“The days are just an illusion, there should be no excuse for performing your duties according to the man-made calendar.”
“The days on earth are numbered; so life is too short to wake up in the morning with penitence. So, cherish the people who treat you right and ignore the ones who do not.”
“The days that change your life usually begin like any other day.”
“The deepest wounds aren't the ones we get from other people hurting us. They are the wounds we give ourselves when we hurt other people.”
“The demon that you can swallow gives you its power, and the greater life’s pain, the greater life’s reply.”
“The desire to love someone always exceeds the desire to be loved by someone & that's exactly why we end up loving the person who doesn't deserve that LOVE.”
“The desire to see a change in someone is just the beginning of a new argument”
“The details that are life's special pattern, like how in handwoven rugs what really makes them unique are the tiny flaws in the stitching, little gaps and jumps and stutters that can never be reproduced. so many things become beautiful when you really look.”
“The development of our senses grows because of curiosity. We smell something, then, we progress to tasting or touching it. Or vice versa.”
“The difference between a non-suicide and an ex-suicide leaving the house for work, at eight o'clock on an ordinary morning: The non-suicide is a little traveling suck of care, sucking care with him from the past and being sucked toward care in the future. His breath is high in his chest. The ex-suicide opens his front door, sits down on the steps, and laughs. Since he has the option of being dead, he has nothing to lose by being alive. It is good to be alive. He goes to work because he doesn't have to.”
“The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.”
“The difference between life and death is life.”
“The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.”
“The difference between what you say and what you do is the real you.”
“The dreaming, the making, the resting— all part of the creative process.”
“The early bird gets the worm, and the early fox gets the bird.”
“The earth’s surface is not smooth everywhere. Life is just like that; it is full of twists and turns.”
“The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday”
“The ego relies on the familiar. It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life.”
“The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.”
“The enemy will always use people to push his mandate. Therefore, make it your mandate to forgive them. Some people can hurt you under the influence of the evil one, not because they are necessarily evil. The enemy will attack you sometimes using people you least expect. Hence, you should always be forgiving, because some people are just ignorant messengers of the enemy.”
“The energy of the mind is the essence of life.”
“The entire quest is for acceptance. You run from pillar to post for being accepted as you are. This quest ends only when you realize that the most important in life is to accept yourself totally, wholly and completely. Unfortunately, that is a long drawn process and it takes time to reach that level. However, once you reach that stage, you are at entire peace with yourself.”
“The essence of leadership lies in the empowerment of those who are powerless.”
“The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.”
“The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.”
“The evenings are meant for deep reflection.”
“The existence of stars can be seen in the dark; Sometimes you may experience darkness in your life, consider it a blessing to prove your existence.”
“The eyes of revolutionary leaders are fixated nowhere else, but on the revolution itself.”
“The fact is, there is no foundation, no secure ground, upon which people may stand today if it isn’t the family. If you don’t have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family, you don’t have much at all. Love is so supremely important. As our great poet Auden said, ‘Love each other or perish’.”
“The fact of zero He added nonstop: Did you know that zero was not used throughout human history! Until 781 A.D, when it was first embodied and used in arithmetic equations by the Arab scholar Al-Khwarizmi, the founder of algebra. Algorithms took their name from him, and they are algorithmic arithmetic equations that you have to follow as they are and you will inevitably get the result, the inevitable result. And before that, across tens and perhaps hundreds of thousands of years, humans refused to deal with zero. While the first reference to it was in the Sumerian civilization, where inscriptions were found three thousand years ago in Iraq, in which the Sumerians indicated the existence of something before the one, they refused to deal with it, define it and give it any value or effect, they refused to consider it a number. All these civilizations, some of which we are still unable to decipher many of their codes, such as the Pharaonic civilization that refused to deal with zero! We see them as smart enough to build the pyramids with their miraculous geometry and to calculate the orbits of stars and planets with extreme accuracy, but they are very stupid for not defining zero in a way that they can deal with, and use it in arithmetic operations, how strange this really is! But in fact, they did not ignore it, but gave it its true value, and refused to build their civilizations on an unknown and unknown illusion, and on a wrong arithmetical frame of reference. Throughout their history, humans have looked at zero as the unknown, they refused to define it and include it in their calculations and equations, not because it has no effect, but because its true effect is unknown, and remaining unknown is better than giving it a false effect. Like the wrong frame of reference, if you rely on it, you will inevitably get a wrong result, and you will fall into the inevitability of error, and if you ignore it, your chance of getting it right remains. Throughout their history, humans have preferred to ignore zero, not knowing its true impact, while we simply decided to deal with it, and even rely on it. Today we build all our ideas, our civilization, our software, mathematics, physics, everything, on the basis that 1 + 0 equals one, because we need to find the effect of zero so that our equations succeed, and our lives succeed with, but what if 1 + 0 equals infinity?! Why did we ignore the zero in summation, and did not ignore it in multiplication?! 1×0 equals zero, why not one? What is the reason? He answered himself: There is no inevitable reason, we are not forced. Humans have lived throughout their ages without zero, and it did not mean anything to them. Even when we were unable to devise any result that fits our theorems for the quotient of one by zero, then we admitted and said unknown, and ignored it, but we ignored the logic that a thousand pieces of evidence may not prove me right, and one proof that proves me wrong. Not doing our math tables in the case of division, blowing them up completely, and with that, we decided to go ahead and built everything on that foundation. We have separated the arithmetic tables in detail at our will, to fit our calculations, and somehow separate the whole universe around us to fit these tables, despite their obvious flaws. And if we decide that the result of one multiplied by zero is one instead of zero, and we reconstruct the whole world on this basis, what will happen? He answered himself: Nothing, we will also succeed, the world, our software, our thoughts, our dealings, and everything around us will be reset according to the new arithmetic tables. After a few hundred years, humans will no longer be able to understand that one multiplied by zero equals zero, but that it must be one because everything is built on this basis.”
“The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live --moreover, the only one.”
“The failures of past leaders must never be used to deny the current leadership a chance to lead. Current leaders must never be judged due to the mistakes of their predecessors, but by their impact.”
“The fear of appearances is the first symptom of impotence.”
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.”
“The fights that you have with yourself are the worst.”
“The fires of refinement will shine the light of Christ into the dark places of our hearts, burn off the chaff, and restore us to a state of greater purity.”
“The first half of life is learning to be an adult-the second half is learning to be a child.”
“The first source of advice you should listen to is your instinct. ”
“The first step to the knowledge of the wonder and mystery of life is the recognition of the monstrous nature of the earthly human realm as well as its glory, the realization that this is just how it is and that it cannot and will not be changed. Those who think they know how the universe could have been had they created it, without pain, without sorrow, without time, without death, are unfit for illumination.”
“The flesh surrenders itself. Eternity takes back its own. Our bodies stirred these waters briefly, danced with a certain intoxication before the love of life and self, dealt with a few strange ideas, then submitted to the instruments of Time. What can we say of this? I occurred. I am not yet, I occurred.”
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.”
“The formula of life is simple. It is the formula of giving - giving courage, attention, peace, love and comfort to yourself and the society.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them." ~Charles Bukowski”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.”
“The friends you make in college are friends you'll have for life, even if you don't talk for years at a time.”
“The funniest thing about life is when we walk on the uncertain road called life, we act as if the path is certain! Why? Because we are terrified of uncertain paths!”
“The future is meant for those who are willing to let go of the worst parts of the past. When you cannot take two steps without turning around to inspect your footsteps, you are getting nowhere fast.”
“The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.”
“The ghost is real  if the ghost is a secret from the past, then yes, the ghost as a metaphor could be real. Otherwise, there is no place for the dead and in this rotten world of the living.”
“The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.”
“The gift of life must not only be received, it must also be highly prized because it is precious.”
“The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.”
“The goodness of God is like a blinding light, one cannot grasp the fullness of it, instead you close your eyes and bask in all it's glory.”
“The grand picture of life lies in the little moments.”
“The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.”
“The grave and the toilet never sleeps hangry , eventhough they don't toil for their food.”
“The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?”
“The great object of life is sensation- to feel that we exist, even though in pain.”
“The great thing, if one can, is to stop regarding all the unpleasant things as interruptions of one's 'own,' or 'real' life. The truth is of course that what one calls the interruptions are precisely one's real life -- the life God is sending one day by day.”
“The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make. The mold of your life is in your hands to break.”
“The greatest lesson to be learned about life is to learn to be yourself.”
“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”
“The greatest thing to be grateful for every day is knowing that God never forgets to extend your life every day.”
“The greatest wealth is health”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“The growth of Sentiment is the increase of suffering; man is never entirely miserable until he finds out how wronged he is and fancies that he sees far ahead a possible freedom.”
“The happiness of an ignoramus is only temporary and he does not know its source.”
“The hardest part of faith is not in the believing, but in the surrendering.”
“The hardest thing about the road not taken is that you never know where it might have led.”
“The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.”
“The heart has a heart of its own.”
“The heart makes its choices without weighing the consequences. It doesn't look ahead to the lonely nights that follow.”
“The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.”
“The hearts of others are as real as yours, be gentle.”
“The human race tends to remember the abuses to which it has been subjected rather than the endearments. What's left of kisses? Wounds, however, leave scars.”
“The infirmity of a crooked junkies lies seen to the abominable cowards" but the less learned lessons always goes on".”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all ”
“The irony of being a good person is that you understand a bad person very well.”
“The irony of life is that those who wear masks often tell us more truths than those with open faces.”
“The journey of life is akin to being at a traffic light, where you have to deal with three signals. There will be times when you encounter the red light—just stop for a while; sometimes you will encounter the yellow light—wait for some time; and of course, when it is your turn for the green light—move to the other side. If you want your travel to be safer, never get these the other way around.”
“The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.”
“The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.”
“The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.”
“The joy in life is his who has the heart to demand it.”
“The key to a simple life is to prioritize what matters most.”
“The key to a wonderful life is to never stop wandering into wonder.”
“The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.”
“The knowledge that the atoms that comprise life on earth - the atoms that make up the human body, are traceable to the crucibles that cooked light elements into heavy elements in their core under extreme temperatures and pressures. These stars- the high mass ones among them- went unstable in their later years- they collapsed and then exploded- scattering their enriched guts across the galaxy- guts made of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and all the fundamental ingredients of life itself. These ingredients become part of gas clouds that condense, collapse, form the next generation of solar systems- stars with orbiting planets. And those planets now have the ingredients for life itself. So that when I look up at the night sky, and I know that yes we are part of this universe, we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts is that the universe is in us. When I reflect on that fact, I look up- many people feel small, cause their small and the universe is big. But I feel big because my atoms came from those stars.”
“The lack of forgiveness can make matters worse. Learn to forgive while you can.”
“The land knows you, even when you are lost.”
“The larger the bricks your enemies throw at you the larger the palace you are going to build.”
“The last time I ever saw Jeff alive, he gave me a gift - an hourglass. And it took over two decades later for the symbolism to finally dawn on me: an hourglass, gifted from a young man with one foot planted in the next world. His time was running out. Even the hourglass he gifted me appeared to have been stolen - I imagine from the desktop of one of the school classrooms he was hired to clean. Not borrowed time but stolen.”
“The law is, at most times, the best measure of our limitations.”
“The laws of God thrive no matter where you are and there are no walls, doors, or rooves that will ever be thick enough to hide your actions from God.”
“The leaf dances so beautifully in the air that we think it will never fall to the ground; that's just how life is, the leaf falls to the ground despite all that magic dance and illusion it creates!”
“The lemons life gave me are stored in a basket. Judgmental people provoke me to bake them into a whipped pie of sugary spite. I gladly serve it up to them in an effort to silence their meringue pie hole from complaining.”
“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“The life of every individual, viewed as a whole and in general, and when only its most significant features are emphasized, is really a tragedy; but gone through in detail it has the character of a comedy.”
“The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it.”
“The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemy's staying alive.”
“The life so short, the craft so long to learn.”
“The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without colour, pain or past.”
“The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.”
“The light at the end of the tunnel is just the light of an oncoming train.”
“The lines in your hand, that foretell your future, is drawn by you.”
“The lions are deadly when they are in silent mode.”
“The lives of the living are still in their immature state, still growing.”
“The longer we live, the more weight we carry in our hearts.”
“The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.”
“The louder the dogs bark the less a lion feels threatened.”
“The love that comes with terms and conditions is not love.”
“The magic of each day lives in the unknown. It's waking up as one person, and accepting that when night falls, we may be someone else entirely. So, when you ask what my story is, forgive me----I'm not quite sure yet.”
“The magic of life is hidden in replacing fear with hope.”
“The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.”
“The main goal of forgiveness is not to make anyone look weak. It is to help someone be free.”
“The main purpose of life is to be satisfied in the right way. That is, getting satisfaction from things that are beneficial to you rather than harmful.”
“The majority of us work to live and the others live only to work, they have no time to reflect or meditate on life.”
“The male rabbits began chattering their teeth against another’s, filling the room with a spastic, scratching sound, similar to a full shift of skate blades on a puck chase, cutting fresh ice. “An animal on a farm has no worth if it isn’t useful. I earned my right to survive--I’m named!”
“The man who believes that the secrets of the world are forever hidden lives in mystery and fear. Superstition will drag him down. The rain will erode the deeds of his life. But that man who sets himself the task of singling out the thread of order from the tapestry will by the decision alone have taken charge of the world and it is only by such taking charge that he will effect a way to dictate the terms of his own fate.”
“The man who claimed money was the root of all evil had no idea what he was talking about. Different generations, or eras, will come up with different solutions.”
“The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things..”
“The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.”
“The masses do not need big words from their leaders. They only need to see their leaders take action when it matters most.”
“The meaning of life for someone is a meaning of someone's life.”
“The meaning of life is that it stops.”
“The measure of a person is not how much they have lived. It is not how easily they jump at a noise or how quick they are to show emotion. It's how they make use of what life has shown them.”
“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“The mistake of every young person is to think they're the only ones who see darkness and hardship in the world."   "The mistake of every adult, though, is to think darkness and hardship aren't important to young people because we'll grow out of it. Who cares if we will? Life is happening to us now, just like it's happening to you.”
“The mistakes I've made are dead to me. But I can't take back the things I never did.”
“The modest wrinkles and the slackness of her skin were a matter of course. Proof she'd seized the reins in life. Nothing to be ashamed of.”
“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”
“The moment you begin to understand your nightmares, you are truly on your way to victory.”
“The moment you put someone on a pedestal they will look down upon you. The trick is respecting each other equally.”
“The moment you recognize what is beautiful in this world, you stop being a slave”
“The monsters were never under my bed. Because the monsters were inside my head. I fear no monsters, for no monsters I see. Because all this time the monster has been me.”
“The moon in the night sky reminds us that the sun hasn't left us. It's waiting in the sunshine.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
“The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.”
“The more I had of life, the less I did with it.”
“The more I hear your voice, the more I realize that silence isn’t always golden. Your voice makes me put on my best dancing shoes and celebrate life.”
“The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realize, the less I know.”
“The more I lost in my thoughts, the more I found myself.”
“The more I see, the less I know for sure.”
“The more bullshit we have in our lives, the more unreal we’re being with ourselves.”
“The more dependent you are, the more afraid you will be. The key to fearlessness is independence. The key to fearlessness in freedom!”
“The more focused you were on the activity, the less focused you were on everything else. You kind of stopped being you and become the thing you were doing.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“The more we observe nature, the more there is the possibility of seeing things we've never seen before.”
“The more you are receptive to learning from your mistakes, the better you can apply the lessons in your life.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“The more you care for those who don't care for you, the more you'll hurt yourself.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“The more you find out about life. The more you’ll be comfortable with yourself and appreciate its light.”
“The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.”
“The more you learn, the more you want to learn.”
“The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.”
“The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
“The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.”
“The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed.”
“The most celebrated leaders are not those who make celebrations in honour of themselves, but those who create opportunities for others to celebrate.”
“The most embarrassing thing in life is, "You have a lot of dreams and you don't try because people say something.”
“The most embarrassing thing in life is, You have a lot of dreams and you don't try because people say something.”
“The most important day in your life is the day when you come to realize who you really are.”
“The most important place in life is the corners! Why is that? Because you can't see behind corners and you don't know what will come out of there! Flowers might rain on you or a hammer might hit your head!”
“The most important questions in life can never be answered by anyone except oneself.”
“The most important strategy in life is this: While you are on a road, raise your mind like an eagle and watch yourself from above! The solution to many of the problems you encounter and will encounter in life lies in the art of getting away from yourself and observing yourself from the outside and from afar!”
“The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.”
“The most important thing in your life is learning how to be your true self.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”
“The most interesting journey, conversations, and life, always end prematurely.”
“The most irrelevant thing in your life is the opinion of your haters.”
“The most progressive approach to life is to discuss ideas rather than people.”
“The most valuable lessons in life do not come when you are walking or running. They come when you fall down. You better take them and rise up!”
“The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.”
“The mountains harness light.”
“The nature of man is pessimistic. So, if you are acting pessimistically you should know you're not acting as God would have you act. Become optimistic.”
“The next time you find yourself throwing mental darts at someone who betrayed you, just remember karma has a better aim.”
“The next time you start regretting something you did, something you said, that life-changing choice you made—please remember that you did the best you could. You made the decision you felt was best for you at the time. And even though the outcome you desired turned into something completely different; maybe you were always meant to be exactly where you are right now. Maybe that relationship was supposed to end, even though you didn’t want it to. Maybe some things fall apart so that something else more beautiful can come together. Maybe even though it doesn’t feel like it right now, this—this small yet giant, mighty yet magic little moment—was always where you were supposed to end up. So don’t wistfully wish for what could have been. You did the best you could, the best way you knew how. You were meant to be here.”
“The night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off.”
“The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.”
“The nuances of karma are hard to understand”
“The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“The older you get, the more you realize how short life can be. That is why you need to seize opportunities while they still exist.”
“The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.”
“The one who carries the fire of true love in his heart, melts the hearts of others.. Like the winter sun melts the snow.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“The one who opts to forgive will never be bitter but will emerge a victor.”
“The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.”
“The only artists I have ever known who are personally delightful are bad artists. Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets are absolutely fascinating. The worse their rhymes are, the more picturesque they look. The mere fact of having published a book of second-rate sonnets makes a man quite irresistible. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. The others write the poetry that they dare not realize.”
“The only certainty life contains is death.”
“The only difference between money and blank paper is that I can use blank paper for campfire” - Anuj Jasani”
“The only people who deserve to be in your life are the ones who treat you with love, kindness and respect”
“The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.”
“The only person who should know your next move is you.”
“The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.”
“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
“The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve. ”
“The only thing more powerful than a man with a gun is a man with a book. A book can change a mind, a gun can only silence it.”
“The only thing standing between you and a simpler life is the willingness to change.”
“The only thing we have inside us is hope, hope that pulls us from our miseries, hopes that keep us going and enable us to carry on; a hope that one day someone will hear our voices and help spread our message to the world.”
“The only thing you have to do in this life is die," said Mrs. Pinsky "everything else is a choice.”
“The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.”
“The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.”
“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”
“The only way to set yourself free is to meet each new challenge relatively.”
“The only way to survive eternity is to be able to appreciate each moment.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality and my life, as I write this, is vital even when sad. I may wake up sometime next year without my mind again; it is not likely to stick around all the time. Meanwhile, however, I have discovered what I would have to call a soul, a part of myself I could never have imagined until one day, seven years ago, when hell came to pay me a surprise visit. It's a precious discovery. Almost every day I feel momentary flashes of hopelessness and wonder every time whether I am slipping. For a petrifying instant here and there, a lightning-quick flash, I want a car to run me over I hate these feelings but, but I know that they have driven me to look deeper at life, to find and cling to reasons for living, I cannot find it in me to regret entirely the course my life has taken. Every day, I choose, sometimes gamely, and sometimes against the moment's reason, to be alive. Is that not a rare joy?”
“The others in the dorm thought I wanted to be a writer, because I was always alone with a book, but I had no such ambition. There was nothing I wanted to be. ”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“The pages of life's book turn swiftly, so let us fill them with stories worth sharing.”
“The pain of a broken relationship is better than the pain of suffering every day in a relationship.”
“The pain of abandonment can be forever healed by the One who will never abandon you. ”
“The pain you have been going through is legitimate, but enduring pain from unforgiveness is illegitimate. Forgive and find peace in such an amazing way.”
“The past can not be cured.”
“The past can teach us, nurture us, but it cannot sustain us. The essence of life is change, and we must move ever forward or the soul will wither and die.”
“The past has no power over the present moment.”
“The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”
“The past is called the past for a reason. If you are constantly looking behind you, your eyes aren't on the road ahead. You don't drive the car that way, so why should you live your life that way?”
“The path is paved with consistent, conscious mental and spiritual alertness and the gradual growth of goodness in our heart and clarity in our mind. We are awake. If we keep trying to understand, we will understand. If we keep telling ourselves that we are loved by Life and if we keep looking for evidence of that love, we will find it.”
“The path of the future is laid on the tracks of the past”
“The path to success is to take massive, determined action.”
“The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action.”
“The people of this world need a strong war against Hypocrisy, Double Standard and Supremacy Then There will be no deadly war. No Bloodshed !!!”
“The people who are riding with you doesn't mean they are with you, when you go down in your life only then you will find who is real to you. The souls which get sold to Status , Money , Position will side themselves when you are down . This should be enough to know and motivate you to become self-sufficient in your life!”
“The people you are closest to tend to be able to hurt you the most - that is why heartbreak is so hard to deal with, why death is so painful, and why fights can destroy things that matter.”
“The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.”
“The person may have a scar, but it also means they have a story”
“The person who hurt you--who raped you or killed your family--is also here. If you are still angry at that person, if you haven't been able to forgive, you are chained to him. Everyone could feel the emotional truth of that: When someone offends you and you haven't let go, every time you see him, you grow breathless or your heart skips a beat. If the trauma was really severe, you dream of revenge. Above you, is the Mountain of Peace and Prosperity where we all want to go. But when you try to climb that hill, the person you haven't forgiven weighs you down. It's a personal choice whether or not to let go. No one can tell you how long to mourn a death or rage over a rape. But you can't move forward until you break that chain.”
“The person you became with her is worth being.”
“The place of true healing is a fierce place. It's a giant place. it's a place of monstrous beauty and endless dark and glimmering light.”
“The planet is here for our delight, but it is also here for us to change, to make it the best it can be. It's not just about sleeping and fucking and getting the right dress. Let's HOPE not.”
“The possibilities of life are indeed novel and seemingly my life has crystallized itself in my body of work before death could dissipate it.”
“The power of God is with you at all times; through the activities of mind, senses, breathing, and emotions; and is constantly doing all the work using you as a mere instrument.”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be…”
“The present does exist, but inside our minds only.”
“The present is a point just passed.”
“The problem we are giving sick people wrong attention. We should be giving them help instead of giving them attention. That is why we have a sick society. Everyone is doing weird things or acting weird to get attention.”
“The problem with falling in love is falling back out of it again, usually because you've fallen in love with a lie. That happens as often as not.”
“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
“The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job, but if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house.”
“The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.”
“The problem, of course, was that [he] saw the world in black and white. And he got to decide what was black and what was white. You can't love a person who lives that way without fearing him too. Maybe even hating him a little.”
“The process of inner healing begins when you forgive.”
“The purpose of education is to help us dive below the surface to reveal rarely glimpsed roots of wisdom.”
“The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!”
“The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.”
“The purpose of life is to live; as long as one can.”
“The purpose of our life is twofold: to abide by the laws of the Universe, and to awaken spiritually.”
“The purpose of religion is to teach you and guide you to God. Once you have faith, your heart will become your torch to guide you through the thick darkness of life.”
“The quality of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.”
“The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.”
“The question is banal but one of the real troubles with living is that living is so banal.”
“The question we need to ask ourselves is: what is success to us? More money? That's fine. A healthy family? A happy marriage? Helping others? To be famous? Spiritually sound? To express ourselves? To create art? To leave the world a better place than we found it? What is success to me? Continue to ask yourself that question. How are you prosperous? What is your relevance? Your answer may change over time and that's fine but do yourself this favor – whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that would jeopardize your soul. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be, and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Don't depend on drinking the Kool-Aid – it's popular, tastes sweet today, but it will give you cavities tomorrow. Life is not a popularity contest. Be brave, take the hill. But first answer the question.”
“The quiet regrowth of a forest, fertilized only by its own burnt flesh, is what I think of when I think of survival. When we are able to look death in the face and prosper because of it, and not just despite it, we prove that to live is to contradict.”
“The rain fluctuates between drizzle and torrential. It messes with your mind. It makes you think things will always be like this, never getting better, always letting you down right when you though the worst was over.”
“The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence”
“The real earning of your life is not proportional to the amount you accumulate, but to the life-lessons that you learn through practical means.”
“The real life begins as soon as you leave your house.”
“The real power lies in being able to focus”
“The real things haven't changed. It is still best to be honest and truthful; to make the most of what we have; to be happy with simple pleasures; and have courage when things go wrong.”
“The reality of a situation may be completely different from what you are assuming.”
“The reality of some people in our life is different from what they show us.”
“The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.”
“The reason some people don't value you is because nobody values them.”
“The reason that I'm still alive is because I'm narcissistic enough to think my soulmate would break apart if they do not find me in their lifetime.”
“The reason why the universe is eternal is that it does not live for itself; it gives life to others as it transforms.”
“The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.”
“The reflection on the surface of the water is often mistaken for the mysteries that lie beneath. Likewise, the reflection of the moon is mistaken for its own light. In the quest for wisdom, each person must emerge from the illusions of the world and begin the journey towards the sacred mountain.”
“The regret of putting first those who don't put you first makes your life painful.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“The right lesson in the art of living begins with a chapter of death.”
“The right thing and the easy thing are never the same.”
“The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.”
“The right thing to do is so easy to see when you're seventeen years old and don't have to make any big decisions. When you know that no matter what you do, someone will take care of you and fix everything. But when you're grown up, the world is not that black and white, and the right thing doesn't a tidy little arrow pointing to it.”
“The right words can change your whole world!”
“The river is everywhere.”
“The road is as long and as thrilling as you make it. Go slow, and the ride is short and boring. But go fast, and the trip is expansive and enthralling. Some may say this is life in the fast lane—I think this is life in the best lane. -- Suzanna in Flower Girl A Novel”
“The road to success is paved with doubters and haters.”
“The rook is my favorite piece.’ she said. ‘It’s the one you think you don’t have to watch out for. It is straightforward. You keep your eyes on the queen, and the knight and the bishop, because they are the sneaky ones. But is the rook that often gets you. The straightforward is never quite what it seems.”
“The sad thing is people I am fighting for to have a good life. They are fighting me to have a bad life. They are the ones who are responsible for my bad life.”
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
“The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.”
“The salvation of man is through love and in love”
“The scars and wounds will heal, and even fate will listen to intent when you move a few dancing steps.”
“The scars of the past can sometimes come in the way of the happiness you can get from your life right now.”
“The search for life's meaning is but a chain that binds us. To break free, we must embrace the present, live in harmony with nature, and find joy in the simple moments of life.”
“The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.”
“The secret to your purpose is to find what you feel is important, and not pursue what others would think is important. When you think highly of yourself, me thinking highly of you will never be enough!”
“The seeker embarks on a journey to find what he wants and discovers, along the way, what he needs.”
“The sensation of movement guides and heals, for there is no other medicine like a dance that magnifies what you feel.”
“The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues.   [But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.”
“The sharpest minds often ruin their lives by overthinking the next step, while the dull win the race with eyes closed.”
“The shortness of life, so often lamented, may be the best thing about it.”
“The significance of life is that you're significant.”
“The silence of inner peace is better than the crowded chaos out there. Find the light in the silence, that light becomes the true destiny of your life.”
“The simple thing behind many failures in life is to give up on the goal, thinking that all paths have been exhausted when there are other paths that have been unnoticed!”
“The single most powerful element of youth is that you don't have the life experiences to know what can't be done.”
“The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.”
“The soul is a form of energy that makes you sentient.”
“The soul is like an uninhabited world that comes to life only when God lays His head against us.”
“The soul that acquires the virtue of forgiveness won't find any more trouble. No matter what happens, he will know how to run his life  ”
“The sound of silence was beginning to get louder, and familiar. And I was deeply in love with it. Not only does it not involve religious practices, it makes you shed all religious affiliations for ten days. What you are left with is your bare breath. That becomes the only thing you focus on – your personal rosary. There are no pictures of gurus, or even of the Buddha himself. There are no personalised gods or its dubious derivates – dogmas, or godmen – to prostrate before. No hugs, kisses, threads, amulets, satins or holy ash. No holy ‘trap’ of devices designed for an instant osmosis of blessings. No grand trickery that makes life here a hell in promise of a heaven there. It shows us the same arduous path that some of the enlightened men have walked. Men who can only show the path and are not the destination; where they communed with their truth, or, for lack of a better word, their God, in silence. The choice is left to us, to walk, stroll, stray, or squat on that path. [Many men; Ab to Za, all those alphabets and all the other men in between… Same grand truth, revealed in parts… Same path, seemingly different… Same destination…. No single path.] But Vipassana does not offer us the easier path of pleading, coaxing, extorting or seducing such men for easy blessings. It nudges you to start walking. To be your own blessing. To create your own miracles.”
“The span of three or four minutes is pretty insignificant in the scheme of things. People lose hundreds of minutes everyday, squandering them on trivial things. But sometimes in those fragments of time, something can happen you'll remember the rest of your life.”
“The spirit of a man is constructed out of his choices.”
“The spiritual life does not remove us from the world but leads us deeper into it”
“The splendid thing about falling apart silently  is that you can start over as many times as you like.”
“The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.”
“The stars show us the path but the flowers travel with us.”
“The stitch ripper is your friend. Be one with the stitch ripper ”
“The story of Noah's Ark illustrates that only the few selected animals, as well as human beings, will ever see the gates of paradise.”
“The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye until we meet again”
“The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization.”
“The strength of leadership is seen in its ability to help the underprivileged.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“The strongest, toughest men all have compassion. They're not heartless and cold. You have to be man enough to have compassion - to care about people and about your children" (217) - John Singleton "Oh Man, I've Become My Father”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“The stubborn outwit the humility of patience while the gentle outbrings the perfections of wisdom”
“The stubborn outwit the humility of patients while the gentle outbrings the perfections of wisdom”
“The student asked: Master, the train I was waiting for never came, what should I do? The master replied: Maybe the train isn't coming because it knows you're waiting! Surprise life! Give up the train, don't wait for the train!”
“The success and failure of an agreement is a result of how expectations, conditions, benefits, and consequences are understood and managed.”
“The success of leaders depends upon their commitment and the engagement of their followers.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“The teacher pulled out a pile of papers. They were Bennie’s tests and homework assignments. Mrs. Lewis said, “Ma’am, here is the proof that Bennie isn’t up to a fourth grade level. He has an F on several of these assignments. In fact, a zero grade is too high for some of Bennie’s work this last year.”
“The term naysayers is how I refer to the people and social forces who tap into negative thinking and undermine your belief in your own ability to create holistic wealth.”
“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
“The thing about a spiral is, if you follow it inward, it never actually ends. It just keeps tightening, infinitely.”
“The thing about getting older is that you don't need everything to be possible any more, you just need things to be certain.”
“The thing about knowing you’re broken is that knowing is not enough to fix it.”
“The thing that irks me most is this shattered prison, after all. I’m tired of being enclosed here. I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.”
“The things that stress me out haven't changed. But I don't wanna lose anything. So I thought that at least I would change. I'm lucky that I'm afraid of losing something.”
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
“The thorny question remains, who wrote it? The thorny question remains, who wrote it? All I remember was my decision to write something, my hand, my fingers, and even my mind, were just tools of writing and expression, like the computer I used. As for the writer, it was something or someone I did not know, sitting inside my body fighting me to get out of its prison, forcing me to bargain it for a few words that express it. I was like a lost visual artist whose empty painting was in front of him and his brush was in his hand but his thoughts were scattered, he did not know how to connect them or how to begin, but his senses began to weave the fabric of the thoughts of that deep thing inside, as they translate them, to create the most meaningful paintings. Every line I wrote I knew nothing of what was to come. I was even surprised by some of the chapters and reacted to them, just as you would react. They were as new to me as they are to you, and sometimes I was standing astonished to realize what I had written, or to understand the connection I had just discovered between the characters. This novel, inevitably, was already accomplished in me, as it was written in one go. It already existed. As for transcribing it on paper, it took me some time. It is a novel that expresses a part of an exception that I think I have had in my life. I cannot confirm or deny its events, even though they may have happened, in every detail, what is certain is the perspective of your understanding of the truth, they may be completely true, and from another perspective, they may be just delusions or dreamy fantasies, this depends on what truth means to you, or what it will be… I appreciate your valuable time. Believe me, I am the best to know. That is why I was careful that this was not just a classic, casual novel for fun while you are drinking your morning cup of coffee. Perhaps by it, I want to stir up that madness within you, who you have always been told, would be the cause of your ostracism, and your expulsion, out of the herd.”
“The thought that one day you will definitely have the life you want is a very refreshing thought that caresses your soul! But the thought that is more appropriate for the universe we live in is this: You may never get the life you want, but the struggle you put into getting the life you want is even more valuable than getting that life!”
“The ties that bind us to life are tougher than you imagine, or than any one can who has not felt how roughly they may be pulled without breaking.”
“The times you lived through, the people you shared those times with — nothing brings it all to life like an old mix tape. It does a better job of storing up memories than actual brain tissue can do. Every mix tape tells a story. Put them together, and they can add up to the story of a life.”
“The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.”
“The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.”
“The trick to taking the paper off the crayons is to just do it. There is no trick.”
“The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.”
“The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.”
“The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.”
“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”
“The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.”
“The true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity.”
“The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.”
“The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.”
“The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.”
“The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.”
“The truth (Jesus) you never looked for is the one that can save you on your last day.”
“The truth about the world, he said, is that anything is possible. Had you not seen it all from birth and thereby bled it of its strangeness it would appear to you for what it is, a hat trick in a medicine show, a fevered dream, a trance bepopulate with chimeras having neither analogue nor precedent, an itinerant carnival, a migratory tentshow whose ultimate destination after many a pitch in many a mudded field is unspeakable and calamitous beyond reckoning. The universe is no narrow thing and the order within it is not constrained by any latitude in its conception to repeat what exists in one part in any other part. Even in this world more things exist without our knowledge than with it and the order in creation which you see is that which you have put there, like a string in a maze, so that you shall not lose your way. For existence has its own order and that no man's mind can compass, that mind itself being but a fact among others.”
“The truth is that one must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.”
“The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we’d like to be. And that sucks. But when you’re confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.”
“The truth is, my young lady, that fate has written the script for your destiny on your forehead from the very beginning. We can't see it. But it's there. And the young, who love so passionately, have no idea how ugly this world is .This world is without compassion.”
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”
“The truth of Life is Death!”
“The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.”
“The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!”
“The ugliest form of love is when you defend the one you love, even after knowing they have repeatedly wronged you.”
“The ultimate measure of a person is not her mistakes or accomplishments, but what she does with them.”
“The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!”
“The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk.”
“The universe may not always play fair, but at least it's got a hell of a sense of humor.”
“The vagaries of love with all its unpredictable and capricious meanders may be a hurdle in keeping life on an even keel. Rational thinking and irrational feeling don’t always get along very well. ( "Love as dizzy as a cathedral”)”
“The value of a heart increases with every break.”
“The value of forgiveness must never be underestimated. It unlocks the doors that were closed by unforgiveness.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“The vast majority of your life will be boring and not noteworthy, and that’s okay.”
“The veil of illusion cannot be overcome by mortals.”
“The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“The wallet itself costs money before you start saving inside. It is the use and value of the things that matter most in life.”
“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
“The way is simple, You are the difficulty.”
“The way to a great life is to let go of grudges and forgive.”
“The way you give your name to others is a measure of how much you like and respect yourself.”
“The way you hate me is the motivation for me to strive for my betterment & advancement so that I love you the most in the way that flow as compensatory enthusiasm within my blood.”
“The way you separate Reality from Imagination is the number of bandages you have to use.”
“The whole house seemed to exhale a melancholy breath of emptiness”
“The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.”
“The whole world is affected by the earth’s rising temperature. We’re raising it further.”
“The wind of life is ever-present. We can fight against it and waste our energy, or we can use it to our advantage and redirect our sails towards a brighter future. Embrace the wind as an opportunity to push yourself beyond the limits and come out stronger on the other side!”
“The wisdom of the ancients decays with time.”
“The wisdom to tackle the challenges of life differentiates extraordinary people from ordinary ones.”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“The wishbone will never replace the backbone”
“The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.”
“The word no is like an asset in a metaphorical bank account where our life’s energy is the holding. Use it to save, and use it to earn a greater sense of yourself, what’s important to you, and where you want to spend your time and energy.”
“The word ‘sin’ is derived from the Indo-European root ‘es-,’ meaning ‘to be.’ When I discovered this etymology, I intuitively understood that for a [person] trapped in patriarchy, which is the religion of the entire planet, ‘to be’ in the fullest sense is ‘to sin'.”
“The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.”
“The worker faithful to the well has neither the intention, or time, to violate the name and the service of others.”
“The world accommodates you for fitting in, but only rewards you for standing out.”
“The world changes, we do not, therein lies the irony that kills us.”
“The world does not need too many leaders. It just needs a few who can stir many people in the right direction.”
“The world has enough women who know how to be smart. It needs women who are willing to be simple. The world has enough women who know how to be brilliant. It needs some who will be brave. The world has enough women who are popular. It needs more who are pure. We need women, and men, too, who would rather be morally right than socially correct.”
“The world is 3 days: As for yesterday, it has vanished along with all that was in it. As for tomorrow, you may never see it. As for today, it is yours, so work on it.”
“The world is a funny place. You can sacrifice your life and soul for the world, and it will never return your kindness. The world is such a cruel mistress.”
“The world is a prison in which solitary confinement is preferable.”
“The world is a room of heavy furniture. Eventually you are allowed to leave.”
“The world is a show and the show is a performance of the wealthy, the beautiful and the fortunate. The invulnerable, the matchless and the exclusive live a life like dazzling fish in a scintillating seascape behind glass. Everybody may admire them, but nobody can touch them. ( “Keeping up with the Joneses” )”
“The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.”
“The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.”
“The world is beautiful. What the world needs more of are people with a beautiful heart.”
“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”
“The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.”
“The world is filled with infinite opportunities. Opportunities are everywhere, waiting to be discovered and grabbed. There is something for everybody. Don’t give up.”
“The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.”
“The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.”
“The world is terrible," said Mark tonelessly. "And some are drawn down into it and drown there, and some rise above and carry others with them.”
“The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. ”
“The world needs competent and committed leaders to tackle challenges comprehensively until those challenges are conquered.”
“The world needs poetry now more than ever. It's the only thing that can keep music from copying itself and sounding the same.”
“The world only exists in your mind.”
“The world seems to want us to be sad and angry because bad things frequently happen. But I say we should feel the opposite. We should be happy and cheerful because good things happen. We should be delighted to see the sun rise and stars glow and rainbows color stormy skies. We should savor every simple breath and eat each meal with gratitude. We should slumber in sweet dreams and relish moments of laughter and love. We should take more notice of the joys and kindnesses that do exist, still dictating the actions of millions of good people all over the world. Life is filled with pleasant moments, not just grief. We should be happy because this is true.”
“The world suffers a lot not because of the violence of bad people, but because of the silence of the good people. If you see something unfair raise your voice.”
“The world will give you that once in awhile, a brief timeout; the boxing bell rings and you go to your corner, where somebody dabs mercy on your beat-up life.”
“The world's a hard place, Danny. It don't care. It don't hate you and me, but it don't love us, either. Terrible things happen in the world, and they're things no one can explain. Good people die in bad, painful ways and leave the folks that love them all alone. Sometimes it seems like it's only the bad people who stay healthy and prosper. The world don't love you, but your momma does and so do I.”
“The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." - Socrates”
“The world's poverty reveals the poverty of the hearts of rich and powerful.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”
“The worst memories stick with us, while the nice ones always seem to slip through our fingers.”
“The years, the months, the days, and the hours have flown by my open window. Here and there an incident, a towering moment, a naked memory, an etched countenance, a whisper in the dark, a golden glow these and much more are the woven fabric of the time I have lived.”
“The young always have the same problem - how to rebel and conform at the same time. They have now solved this by defying their parents and copying one another.”
“Their fight is not against me and you only, but against all humanity, they are afraid of something we do not know! They know, Robert, they know where we come from, where we are going, but they do not want us to know that. Perhaps the first humans knew, and over the years, Satan gained control over us and began to distort our goals in this life, until we became what we are, mere slaves to imaginary systems created by their minds. Nationalities, religions, cultures, races, and everything noble in this world, are distorted by our minds to become a cause of division and a source of conflict and clash, internal wars in which people of the same nationality kill each other due to differences in skin color, or the length of the nose! Watch the march of technical and scientific development! When scientists were able to probe the mysteries of space, this turned into a source of conflict between the great powers! And instead of uniting to go further, their minds froze as we arrived, around the Earth, investing all these technologies in spying, encryption, and communications satellites, to protect ourselves from ourselves! We were drained as well as our time and resources in side struggles. Atomic, nuclear, and hydrogen energy, instead of focusing most of our focus on becoming a source of scientific exploration and jumping towards finding answers, their minds have devised to become an arms race to threaten each other and annihilate each other! The bulk of the discovery has been frozen in Bombs and Weapons! Why does a country have thousands of nuclear and hydrogen bombs? What is the purpose of pushing all these capabilities on this huge number of bombs? A hundred hydrogen bombs are enough to destroy the earth and those on it, but it has become a source of attrition. They are like parasites, Robert, whose job it is to seize control of every discovery, invention, and idea, which will advance us forward, lay their hands on them, freeze and drain them in strife, divisions, and competition with their supposed opponents. Humans do not fight for food or life, they fight for distraction, attrition, and all the other reasons you may hear, beliefs, ideologies, and racism, they are all just excuses our minds have been able to find to mislead us, they are nothing but a cover to hide the reality of our permanent occupation in infighting. We are of three types: A few are enlightened, they control their minds, but they are marginalized, warriors, they have no means. Most are absent, savages, busy with their daily sustenance, tools used by Satan to suppress the few who are enlightened. And the few that Satan has control over them, those who control everything around us, they enslave us. A vast secret purge that takes place in secret, whoever understands, realizes, decides to get out of the box, his fate is in the army of Satan, or death, they will take him to their secret societies, to become one of their soldiers, or get rid of him. They are not ghosts, Robert, they are among us, they have headquarters in various parts of the world, and internal laws, and ranks and ranks of their associates, and internal order. I am not talking about a secret group whose name you have previously heard, blown up by the media, like Freemasonry. No, it is not like this. These groups are nothing but distractions for our work on them, so we keep looking in the wrong place. He was afraid of her words, and he was afraid of what was happening around him recently, and he feared for her, she seemed to believe in every letter of it as if she was repeating a speech she was told, which she memorized by heart. What scared me the most, was that everything she said sounded like Mousa said, quite logical…”
“Then I discovered that being related is no guarantee of love!”
“Then all events will become for you, a past that has passed and ended, and their occurrence is inevitable unless you intervene to change them, and manipulate them, but first, you need to know what their new shape will look like, and most importantly, where and how powerful will be the needed change to bring about the required change, in order to reset the scene, rearrange the occurrence of events, and the consequences of changing the hierarchy of their intersection. If you kill a butterfly, it will not flap its wings in the next hour, and what may result from this negligible change, may be the end of all humanity, or the occurrence of a horrific massacre, in which millions of people are killed without sin, except that they are religious, or farmers, or those with longer noses, just like holistically. He is on a date with the answer as the Alpha headquarters have proof of this.”
“Then, one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life you give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore.”
“There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life.”
“There are a million rules for being a girl. There are a million things you have to do to get through each day. High school has things that can trip you up, ruin you, people say one thing and mean another, and you have to know all the rules, you have to know what you can and can't do.”
“There are always ups and downs in life and the one who overcomes these ups and downs and perseveres till the end becomes successful.”
“There are beautiful doors to which your curiosity could lead you. Use your instincts when choosing which one to open.”
“There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.”
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“There are five people you meet in heaven. Each of us was in your life for a reason. You may not have known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for. For understanding your life on earth. This is the greatest gift God can give you: to understand what happened in your life. To have it explained. It is the peace you have been searching for.”
“There are good and bad leaders and there are good and bad people. It is much worse when a bad leader is also a bad person.”
“There are many benefits to good leadership for future generations. Where good leaders exist, future generations will inherit good working processes and not have big problems.”
“There are many paths to peace but every path begins from you.”
“There are many things worth living for, a few things worth dying for, and nothing worth killing for.”
“There are moments on stage when everything comes together. Then the kid in the front row coughs.”
“There are no classes in life for beginners: right away you are always asked to deal with what is most difficult.”
“There are no conditions to which a person cannot grow accustomed, especially if he sees that everyone around him lives in the same way.”
“There are no crazy ideas, only those that not ventured.”
“There are no do-overs in life.”
“There are no happy endings  There are no endings, happy or otherwise. We all have our own stories which are just part of the one Story that binds both this world and Faerie. Sometimes we step into each others stories - perhaps just for a few minutes, perhaps for years - and then we step out of them again. But all the while, the Story just goes on.”
“There are no random acts We are all connected You can no more separate one life from another than you can separate a breeze from the wind ”
“There are no second chances in life, except to feel remorse.”
“There are no secrets to life. Life is a secret.”
“There are only two kinds of races in humanity, those concerned with the self and those who are satisfied with their liberation from it.”
“There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you don't care what you lose!”
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
“There are people around the world who would risk their lives, who are currently risking their lives, for a tiny fraction of the opportunity you have obtained simply by virtue of having been born here and not there. You have been given a precious gift. Do not squander it.”
“There are people who are generic. They make generic responses and they expect generic answers. They live inside a box and they think people who don't fit into their box are weird. But I'll tell you what, generic people are the weird people. They are like genetically-manipulated plants growing inside a laboratory, like indistinguishable faces, like droids. Like ignorance.”
“There are people who hate you based on untrue thoughts they have about you in their minds.”
“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go  ..is found freedom. In the letting go  .. is found the flight!”
“There are questions that you don't ask because you're afraid of the answers to them.”
“There are red lights in traffic, you stop when they turn red. Life has no red lights, life never tells you to stop here or there; you have to choose the place and time you need to stop”
“There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.”
“There are ships sailing to many ports, but not a single one goes where life is not painful.”
“There are so many bad people in the world. They'll treat you badly, they'll haggle and undermine your worth. They'll calculate what they can get without thinking about what to give. That's the world. Very seldom, you'll find someone who will not undermine and haggle your worth, who will take risks for you, who will think about what they can give to you and how they can make you happy. So you see, the rule goes like this— when you find such a person, you don't let go of them. You stay with them and they stay with you.”
“There are so many people now who aren’t people anymore.”
“There are so many people put there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me.”
“There are so many things I can't believe. That people deserve what they get, both bad and good. That one day I'll live in a world where people are judged by what they do instead of who they are. That happy endings don't have contingencies and conditions.”
“There are some choices you can only make once. You can't go back to where you made a choice and then take the other one.”
“There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside.”
“There are some people in life who say things you inwardly agree with in ways you outwardly don't.”
“There are some things in life we simply cannot explain.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“There are things you can't walk away from. Not if you want to live with yourself afterward.”
“There are three deaths. The first is when the body ceases to function. The second is when the body is consigned to the grave. The third is that moment, sometime in the future, when your name is spoken for the last time.”
“There are three persons I must know; the man I was, the man I am, and the man I am to be.”
“There are times I wish I were invisible. Which is silly, since I do everything I can to stand out.”
“There are times in our lives when we have to realize our past is precisely what it is, and we cannot change it. But we can change the story we tell ourselves about it, and by doing that, we can change the future.”
“There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself.”
“There are times when a feeling of expectancy comes to me, as if something is there, beneath the surface of my understanding, waiting for me to grasp it. It is the same tantalizing sensation when you almost remember a name, but don't quite reach it. I can feel it when I think of human beings, of the hints of evolution suggested by the removal of wisdom teeth, the narrowing of the jaw no longer needed to chew such roughage as it was accustomed to; the gradual disappearance of hair from the human body; the adjustment of the human eye to the fine print, the swift, colored motion of the twentieth century. The feeling comes, vague and nebulous, when I consider the prolonged adolesence of our species; the rites of birth, marriage and death; all the primitive, barbaric ceremonies streamlined to modern times. Almost, I think, the unreasoning, bestial purity was best. Oh, something is there, waiting for me. Perhaps someday the revelation will burst in upon me and I will see the other side of this monumental grotesque joke. And then I'll laugh. And then I'll know what life is.”
“There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.”
“There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.”
“There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them”
“There are two things one should always question: one's reality and oneself.”
“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”
“There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.”
“There are two types of appointments in life! Appointments you know and appointments you don't know! It is this second type of appointment that makes life interesting and but also scary. Sometimes life will arrange a meeting for you; sometimes good, sometimes bad and sometimes even tragic meeting, but you don't know about it!”
“There are two ways to lighten the burden of life, one to reduce it physically and the other to reduce it psychologically! Since the first is often difficult, most people choose the second way!”
“There are two ways to live a life either forget everything or, remember nothing.”
“There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world. There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don't think so. My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass! Who's been pinching my beer? And at the other end of the bar the world is full of the other type of person, who has a broken glass, or a glass that has been carelessly knocked over (usually by one of the people calling for a larger glass) or who had no glass at all, because he was at the back of the crowd and had failed to catch the barman's eye. ”
“There came a time when you realized that moving on was pointless. That you took yourself with you wherever you went.”
“There can be no world peace without inner peace.”
“There can’t be peace without freedom and if you claim otherwise, then I can ensure you that your peace will be short lived.”
“There comes a time in life when beauty has little or no value. That is why you should focus on what is more meaningful—invest in your brains. Do not allow beauty to deceive you; it fades, just like a magnificent building going up in flames.”
“There comes a time in your life when you don't care what others think of you! because deep down you are sure of what you are.”
“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it.”
“There comes a time in your life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it. You surround yourself with people who make you laugh. Forget the bad and focus on the good. Love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who do not. Life is too short to be anything but happy. Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.”
“There comes a time when something changes you  No matter the impact  Where the world no longer beats in time with you. You no longer feel amongst the fray.. And the feeling of loneliness is a brandished armor you wear the rest of your life.”
“There exists many heavy hardships that life presents to us but we must have the courage to conquer.”
“There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.”
“There is a calling on your life, make it count.”
“There is a certain right by which we many deprive a man of life, but none by which we may deprive him of death; this is mere cruelty.”
“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
“There is a difference between leadership and just occupying a prominent seat in the office. True leaders are not only known for their assigned titles. They are mainly known for doing great things.”
“There is a form of injustice people often put themselves through, which is unforgiveness. Unless a person decides to forgive, they will constantly expose themselves to injustice.”
“There is a land where skies no clouded regions know; where they know not the sorrows of time and no shadows fall to blight the view nor pain nor sickness nor distress there, death, the last enemy, is slain there those who meet shall part no more”
“There is a lot of unhappiness in the life of a person who lacks forgiveness.”
“There is a phase in which we believe in others, What they have got to say, an opinion of them on us, for us or of other things in the world. And there is you who would believe everything been said and opinionated. And then one day you realize that all these things which you were made to believe are not actually the reality, or a part of it is distorted or the wholesome is. Then you begin to think and come out of that belief and believing. You set your paths right and clear, you believe what you experience and what is to be believed with certainty. You come out of your shell and explore the sun above your head. You start believing yourself, your intuitions, and yourself!”
“There is a reason why God wants us to forgive. Forgiveness is a good thing.”
“There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.' No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.”
“There is a season for wildness and a season for settledness, and this is neither. This season is about becoming. Don't lose yourself at happy hour, but don't lose yourself on the corporate ladder, either.”
“There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven: a time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to tear down and a time to build, a time to weep and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to dance, a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them, a time to embrace and a time to refrain, a time to search and a time to give up, a time to keep and a time to throw away, a time to tear and a time to mend, a time to be silent and a time to speak, a time to love and a time to hate, a time for war and a time for peace. (Ecclesiastes 3:1-8, NIV)”
“There is a time in life when you expect the world to be always full of new things. And then comes a day when you realise that is not how it will be at all. You see that life will become a thing made of holes. Absences. Losses. Things that were there and are no longer. And you realise, too, that you have to grow around and between the gaps, [ ]”
“There is a time in the life of every boy when he for the first time takes the backward view of life. Perhaps that is the moment when he crosses the line into manhood. The boy is walking through the street of his town. He is thinking of the future and of the figure he will cut in the world. Ambitions and regrets awake within him. Suddenly something happens; he stops under a tree and waits as for a voice calling his name. Ghosts of old things creep into his consciousness; the voices outside of himself whisper a message concerning the limitations of life. From being quite sure of himself and his future he becomes not at all sure. If he be an imaginative boy a door is torn open and for the first time he looks out upon the world, seeing, as though they marched in procession before him, the countless figures of men who before his time have come out of nothingness into the world, lived their lives and again disappeared into nothingness. The sadness of sophistication has come to the boy. With a little gasp he sees himself as merely a leaf blown by the wind through the streets of his village. He knows that in spite of all the stout talk of his fellows he must live and die in uncertainty, a thing blown by the winds, a thing destined like corn to wilt in the sun.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“There is always a Reason, when its the Season so lets smile together”
“There is always a touch of magic in every miracle and a touch of miracle in every magical trick.”
“There is an ecstasy that marks the summit of life, and beyond which life cannot rise. And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive. This ecstasy, this forgetfulness of living, comes to the artist, caught up and out of himself in a sheet of flame; it comes to the soldier, war-mad in a stricken field and refusing quarter; and it came to Buck, leading the pack, sounding the old wolf-cry, straining after the food that was alive and that fled swiftly before him through the moonlight.”
“There is an emptiness that comes from a lack of forgiveness. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“There is an immense, unreserved trust in life when one is young. You pursue, go off track, rediscover, whine, ans then allow your share of happiness to find you. And you do not realize how rare that occurrence is. You feel entitled to that bliss. And for a while, you bask in it. And it goes on, until the day it is taken away from you. And when that happens, your innocence is gone.”
“There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest — whether or not the world has three dimensions, whether the mind has nine or twelve categories — comes afterwards. These are games; one must first answer.”
“There is definitely someone above everyone.”
“There is endless potential to contribute towards making this life's experiences more joyful and wonderful for everyone including oneself.”
“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running - there is life in communication, but death in talking - there is life in awareness, but death in judgement - so, be the life my friend, without the judgement, without the talking, without the running - simply be the life, full with sparkling communications, revelatory awareness and heart-warming walks.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running.”
“There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.”
“There is neither happiness nor unhappiness in this world; there is only the comparison of one state with another. Only a man who has felt ultimate despair is capable of feeling ultimate bliss. It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live ..the sum of all human wisdom will be contained in these two words: Wait and Hope.”
“There is no WRONG reaction that can correct a WRONG situation.”
“There is no death without life, but there can be life without death. Seems like death depends on life. Simply put, life goes on.”
“There is no door or a window, the heart opens with cracks and breaks.”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart ”
“There is no end To what a living world Will demand of you.”
“There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.”
“There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.”
“There is no greater inspiration to a life than finding and following its valuable path.”
“There is no list of rules. There is one rule. The rule is: there are no rules. Happiness comes from living as you need to, as you want to. As your inner voice tells you to. Happiness comes from being who you actually are instead of who you think you are supposed to be. Being traditional is not traditional anymore. It’s funny that we still think of it that way. Normalize your lives, people. You don’t want a baby? Don’t have one. I don’t want to get married? I won’t. You want to live alone? Enjoy it. You want to love someone? Love someone. Don’t apologize. Don’t explain. Don’t ever feel less than. When you feel the need to apologize or explain who you are, it means the voice in your head is telling you the wrong story. Wipe the slate clean. And rewrite it. No fairy tales. Be your own narrator. And go for a happy ending. One foot in front of the other. You will make it.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“There is no other way to have a happy life than to forgive those who hurt you in the past.”
“There is no person more intimate than the person who makes you feel good.”
“There is no point in wasting away over what could’ve, should’ve been, because one cannot go back to find out the answer. We can only move forward, and make the best of the path we tread.”
“There is no room to feel pain after you have become wise. No more surprises compared to the ignorant. Self-mastery is the first chapter of achieving wisdom.”
“There is no set time for a skill to be attained. Each skill is required uniquely at a certain time and from each person.”
“There is no standard normal. Normal is subjective. There are seven billion versions of normal on this planet.”
“There is no such thing as 'normal.' Normal is just a setting on the dryer." - Ariana's Grandma”
“There is no such thing as a dumb human being in this world. Everyone is intelligent at something. I've met people who were hopeless in their physics, maths and accounting class but were amongst the some the most musical genius I've come across, met drop outs who were convinced that they were dumb because they had trouble learning through the monotous traditional style of teaching, but had incisive social observations which were better than most sociologists. And some never went to art school but drew like Michael angelo and have better acting skills than most Hollywood actors. In psychology text books, there are atleast 9 forms of intellignce, and everyone has their own. Know yours!”
“There is no such thing as work-life balance. Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life.”
“There is no thing as a single-issue struggle because we do not live single-issue lives.”
“There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time.”
“There is no time without change and there is no life without time. Not believing in time is also not believing in change.”
“There is no wealth but life.”
“There is no wrong answer in the world, it's just a matter of timing.”
“There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it”
“There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.”
“There is nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (209) - "Effort is Everything" by Bud Selig”
“There is nothing in this world that encourages one to be stronger than seeing people who have been subjected to life's terrible injustices and punches but still not destroyed!”
“There is nothing like a crisis to define who you are.”
“There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.”
“There is nothing more graceful and powerful than the ability to respond to life (in all situations) with love and acceptance.”
“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
“There is nothing more to reveal. Our lives lie bare and exposed.”
“There is nothing perfect only life.”
“There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.”
“There is nothing special or terrifying about devil worshipers. They are just individuals drunk with the love of life.”
“There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.”
“There is only one direction in life: forward and not backward.”
“There is only one giver and that is God. Even the laws of gravity justify this concept. Therefore, God always gives us without expecting anything in return.”
“There is only one sin. And that is theft When you tell a lie, you steal someone's right to the truth. When you kill a man, you steal a life. You steal his wife's right to a husband, rob his children of a father. When you cheat, you steal the right to fairness.”
“There is only one sin. and that is theft  when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.”
“There is only one station in the world where everyone goes in the same direction, the station of life and the direction is eternal disappearance!”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“There is perversion of reality and there is rejection of reality.”
“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”
“There is someone special for everyone. Often there are two or three or even four. They come from different enerations. They travel across oceans of time and the depths of heavenly dimensions to be with you again. They come from the other side, from heaven. They look different, but your heart knows them. Your heart has held them in arms like yours in the moon-filled deserts of Egypt and the ancient plains of Mongolia. You have ridden together in the armies of forgotten warrior-generals, and you have lived together in the sand-covered caves of the Ancient Ones. You are bonded together throughout eternity, and you will never be alone.”
“There is something incredibly beautiful about a woman, who knows herself, she can't break, she just falls but in every fall she rises, past who she was before.”
“There is something incredibly nostalgic and significant about the annual cascade of autumn leaves.”
“There is still a corner in my heart untouched by your LOVE.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.”
“There is the elixir of life in the gentle summer breeze. The more it caresses me, the more alive I feel.”
“There really is only one ending to any story. Human life ends in death. Until then, it keeps going and gets complicated and there's loss. Everything involves loss; every relationship ends in one way or another.”
“There should be no leader who is unwilling to account for his followers. Great leaders are not afraid to be held accountable, because they know that their followers count on them.”
“There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.”
“There was a time when I used to feel hurt by you. But now I just feel detached with you, your words and even your love. Now you can’t hurt me.”
“There was beauty in the idea of freedom, but it was an illusion. Every human heart was chained by love.”
“There was no private ownership of land. "You could own a knife, or you could own a horse, but you couldn't own ground any more than you could own the sun or the wind. The Earth was their mother and part of the Cosmos given to all creatures by the Great Spirit.”
“There was only one guy in the whole Bible Jesus ever personally promised a place with him in Paradise. Not Peter, not Paul, not any of those guys. He was a convicted thief, being executed. So don't knock the guys on death row. Maybe they know something you don't.”
“There was quite a lot of competitiveness about it, with everybody wanting to beat not only cancer itself, but also the other people in the room. Like, I realize that this is irrational, but when they tell you that you have, say, a 20 percent chance of living five years, the math kicks in and you figure that’s one in five . . . so you look around and think, as any healthy person would: I gotta outlast four of these bastards.”
“There wasn't a lot of bullshit in my heaven.”
“There were five others before they got to him. He smiled a little when his turn came. His voice was low, smoky, and dead sexy. “My name is Augustus Waters,” he said. “I’m seventeen. I had a little touch of osteosarcoma a year and a half ago, but I’m just here today at Isaac’s request.” “And how are you feeling?” asked Patrick. “Oh, I’m grand.” Augustus Waters smiled with a corner of his mouth. “I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.”
“There were people who went to sleep last night, poor and rich and white and black, but they will never wake again. And those dead folks would give anything at all for just five minutes of this weather or ten minutes of plowing. So you watch yourself about complaining. What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it.”
“There will always be a touch of fiction in non-fiction books and reality in works of fiction.”
“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”
“There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.”
“There will be time, there will be time To prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet.”
“There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.”
“There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. There was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. And if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it. God knows that’s what everyone else does.”
“There would be no cloud-nine days without rock-bottom moments left below.”
“There's a 100% chance you'll retire so you'd better prepare/save for it.”
“There's a fine line between deserving and just desserts.”
“There's a game called life where it's just YOU v/s YOU”
“There's a race of men that don't fit in, A race that can't sit still; So they break the hearts of kith and kin, And they roam the world at will. They range the field and rove the flood, And they climb the mountain's crest; Their's is the curse of the gypsy blood, And they don't know how to rest.”
“There's a sorrow and pain in everyone's life, but every now and then there's a ray of light that melts the loneliness in your heart and brings comfort like hot soup and a soft bed.”
“There's a whole category of people who miss out by not allowing themselves to be weird enough.”
“There's always another storm. It's the way the world works. Snowstorms, rainstorms, windstorms, sandstorms, and firestorms. Some are fierce and others are small. You have to deal with each one separately, but you need to keep an eye on whats brewing for tomorrow.”
“There's an old joke - um  two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort, and one of 'em says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know; and such small portions." Well, that's essentially how I feel about life - full of loneliness, and misery, and suffering, and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.”
“There's difference between being dead and dying. We're all dying. Some of us die for ninety years, and some of us die for nineteen. But each morning everyone on this planet wakes up one day closer to their death. Everyone. So living and dying are actually different words for the same thing, if you think about it.”
“There's gon' be some stuff you gon' see that's gon' make it hard to smile in the future. But through whatever you see, through all the rain and the pain, you gotta keep your sense of humor. You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit. Remember that.”
“There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.”
“There's more to life than love.”
“There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara”
“There's no benchmark for how life's "supposed" to happen. There is no ideal world for you to wait around for. The world is always just what it is now, it's up to you how you respond to it.”
“There's no need to stay strong all the time.”
“There's no need to wait for the bad things and bullshit to be over. Change now. Love now. Live now. Don't wait for people to give you permission to live, because they won't.”
“There's no point having wishes if you don't at least try to do them”
“There's no point in having hope from someone who gives you only excuses and not their time.”
“There's no solution to life, there's going to be problems no matter what.”
“There's no such thing as ready, there's only willing.”
“There's nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (210) - Bud Selig "Effort is Everything”
“There's nothing more embarrassing than to have earned the disfavor of a perceptive animal.”
“There's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself.”
“There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be ”
“There's only one me. The closest thing that looks like me is my shadow, and it's still not me.”
“There's only one way to tackle life, enjoy a day at the beach, and jump into a Great Lake: Headfirst!”
“There's two kinds of women--those you write poems about and those you don't.”
“There’s a fine crack in the ceiling paint. I follow it across the room. It reminds me of all the little things in life that go unnoticed.”
“There’s a great joy in living a life others rarely understand.”
“There’s a mountain before us all and there’s a narrow passage alongside it too. Both are there for a reason. Nobody will offer us a guided tour.”
“There’s a really stupid saying: When life hands you a lemon, make lemonade. Well, I have a better saying: When life hands you a lemon, shove that lemon up its stupid butt.”
“There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.”
“There’s no such thing as ruining your life. Life’s a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.”
“There’s nothing more tedious than pretending happiness when your world is upside down. Don’t pretend. It’s ok not to smile when anxiety is controlling your life. But don’t let the misery envelop you. Take a deep breath and try to fix your world though it may take some time. Remember, there is a way out of despair. You are that way.”
“Thermodynamic miracles  events with odds against so astronomical they're effectively impossible, like oxygen spontaneously becoming gold. I long to observe such a thing. And yet, in each human coupling, a thousand million sperm vie for a single egg. Multiply those odds by countless generations, against the odds of your ancestors being alive; meeting; siring this precise son; that exact daughter  Until your mother loves a man she has every reason to hate, and of that union, of the thousand million children competing for fertilization, it was you, only you, that emerged. To distill so specific a form from that chaos of improbability, like turning air to gold  that is the crowning unlikelihood. The thermodynamic miracle. But if me, my birth, if that's a thermodynamic miracle  I mean, you could say that about anybody in the world!. Yes. Anybody in the world. ..But the world is so full of people, so crowded with these miracles that they become commonplace and we forget  I forget. We gaze continually at the world and it grows dull in our perceptions. Yet seen from the another's vantage point. As if new, it may still take our breath away. Come dry your eyes. For you are life, rarer than a quark and unpredictable beyond the dreams of Heisenberg; the clay in which the forces that shape all things leave their fingerprints most clearly. Dry your eyes  and let's go home.”
“These eyes  hypnotize!”
“These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.”
“These woods are lovely, dark and deep, But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep, And miles to go before I sleep.”
“They all walk their own paths, live their own lives. A journey without farewells, a beginning without end. It is a little lonely, but that's how it is”
“They are all trapped into setting innocents aside due to reality gaps of "logic" of the crowd and letting guilty rise… Reality poses obstacles to fair and just people with injustice and unfairness and abuse. The incompetent reign and those who have true worth are set aside.”
“They blossom whenever and wherever they want, the little flowers of hope; our antidote to the horrors of the world.”
“They both listened silently to the water, which to them was not just water, but the voice of life, the voice of Being, the voice of perpetual Becoming.”
“They do not care about the truth. They care to fulfill their idea… They cover themselves and those they want to cover and enguilt their opponents. This is not fair. The system should change towards fairness not interests… No one can protect us from the lies.”
“They fuck you up, your mum and dad. They may not mean to, but they do. They fill you with the faults they had And add some extra, just for you. But they were fucked up in their turn By fools in old-style hats and coats, Who half the time were soppy stern And half at one another's throats.”
“They had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things—if love can ever be called that.”
“They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you die.”
“They hate you because you act like you're better than they are ." "[they are] Four that you humiliated in the yard. Four who are probably afraid of you. I’ve watched you fight. It’s not training with you. Put a good edge on your sword, and they’d be dead meat; you know it, I know it, they know it. You leave them nothing. You shame them. Does that make you proud?”
“They know that tragedy is not glamorous. They know it doesn't play out in life as it does on a stage or between the pages of a book. It is neither a punishment meted out nor a lesson conferred. Its horrors are not attributable to one single person. Tragedy is ugly and tangled, stupid and confusing.”
“They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs.”
“They may call you names and do the most horrible things to you, but you do not have to focus on that. Forgive them and look at the brighter side of life.”
“They may hurt you and wrongfully accuse you, but what you must do is excuse yourself from doing what is wrong. Forgive!”
“They might pay you to vote for them, but having a wrong government in place. You pay it with your life.”
“They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!”
“They say eyes reflect reality I believe it!”
“They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor.”
“They say life makes you tired, but if you ask life, it will say to you: You had wrong thoughts, you made wrong decisions, you did wrong things, life did not tire you, it was your stupidity that made you tired!”
“They say that Rome wasn't built in one day. And nothing is built in one day. Even if an action happens in one day, the planning took place in the mind days, months, or even years before.”
“They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood.”
“They tell you: Follow your dreams. Listen to your spirit. Change the world. Make your mark. Find your inner voice and make it sing. Embrace failure. Dream. Dream and dream big. As a matter of fact, dream and don’t stop dreaming until your dream comes true. I think that’s crap. I think a lot of people dream. And while they are busy dreaming, the really happy people, the really successful people, the really interesting, powerful, engaged people? Are busy doing.”
“They think I am concealing my ugliness from them, when in truth it is their ugliness I am hiding.”
“They won't stop hurting you until you tell them to stop hurting you.”
“They're animals, all right. But why are you so goddam sure that makes us human beings?”
“They're the people sitting on carpeted floors in their padded, imported socks, opening presents handed to them by fate, by luck, by whatever perverse force that allowed humans to be born not equal. And I wanted sooo badly, to have a taste of those gifts through the women who opened them.”
“They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.”
“Things are always given to us when we need them  You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make it yours. (Acheron)”
“Things are what they are, and whatever will be, will be.”
“Things can be cleaned and replaced. Great moments cannot afford to be lost.”
“Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.”
“Things don't always work out the way we hope. You just have to pick yourself up and find a new direction to go in.”
“Things is very primitive in the jungle - no place to shit, sleep on the ground like an animal, eat out of cans, no place to take a bath or nothing, clothes is all rotting off.”
“Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.”
“Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.”
“Things that don't turn out the way you want are disguised to be the best turning points of your life.”
“Think about all of the good things you have in your life right now and focus on them instead. The more you dwell on your past, the harder it will be to move on from it.”
“Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Think about it. Every time you fail at a task you've actually learned something new. The question is "what?”
“Think every possible way to be an entrepreneur as the future to your success can be built by you alone!”
“This house sheltered us, we spoke, we loved within those walls. That was yesterday. To-day we pass on, we see it no more, and we are different, changed in some infinitesimal way. We can never be quite the same again.”
“This is a true saying that life is short, but the chaos in life is long. Therefore, if you shorten the chaos, life will seem longer and happier.”
“This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.”
“This is an important lesson to remember when you're having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can't feel real joy unless you've felt heartache. You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can't know what it's like to feel holy until you know what it's like to feel really fucking evil. And you can't be birthed again until you've died.”
“This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too  This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.”
“This is how the entire course of a life can be changed: by doing nothing.”
“This is life by all means necessary”
“This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.”
“This is love, I think. A place where people who have been alone may lock together like hawks and spin in the air, dizzy with surprise at the connection. A place you go willingly, and with wonder”
“This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.”
“This is our story to tell. You’d think for all the reading I do, I would have thought about this before, but I haven’t. I’ve never once thought about the interpretative, the story telling aspect of life, of my life. I always felt like I was in a story, yes, but not like I was the author of it, or like I had any say in its telling whatsoever.”
“This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.”
“This is the legend of Cassius Clay, The most beautiful fighter in the world today. He talks a great deal, and brags indeed-y, of a muscular punch that's incredibly speed-y. The fistic world was dull and weary, But with a champ like Liston, things had to be dreary. Then someone with color and someone with dash, Brought fight fans are runnin' with Cash. This brash young boxer is something to see And the heavyweight championship is his des-tin-y. This kid fights great; he’s got speed and endurance, But if you sign to fight him, increase your insurance. This kid's got a left; this kid's got a right, If he hit you once, you're asleep for the night. And as you lie on the floor while the ref counts ten, You’ll pray that you won’t have to fight me again. For I am the man this poem’s about, The next champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt. This I predict and I know the score, I’ll be champ of the world in ’64. When I say three, they’ll go in the third, 10 months ago So don’t bet against me, I’m a man of my word. He is the greatest! Yes! I am the man this poem’s about, I’ll be champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt. Here I predict Mr. Liston’s dismemberment, I’ll hit him so hard; he’ll wonder where October and November went. When I say two, there’s never a third, Standin against me is completely absurd. When Cassius says a mouse can outrun a horse, Don’t ask how; put your money where your mouse is! I AM THE GREATEST!”
“This is the place where I want to be young To breathe the beginning breath Through newborn lungs To run barefoot chasing butterflies To sleep beneath wondrous skies To stand on stony mountains Far above the birch and pine Looking down at all about me I’ll call this world mine ….. When the wild wind sings I will hear its song That beckons to my heart, Tells me that I belong And all these hills and every tree Become a part of my story ….. Yet, as the pages of a story grow Characters learn, develop, go May it be granted, if I leave If I change in any way That this place will always remain The same as I saw it today ….. If my feet wander If life’s paths take me far Time may alter youthful face But let not it change a tree or star Let not it touch a leaf Nor a river, nor a stream Or raise a cloak of shadow Over even one sunbeam The years may not lift their hand To crumble any stone Or free their feet to trample Fields where flowers have grown ….. If I tarry long The song will bring me back If in the journey I am lost The wind will steer my track I will be changed when I come Grey hair and marred face But the hills will recall That I am one with this place Standing, just the way I used to Upon the mountain height Breathing, just the way I once did The crisp, star filled night And praying, just the way I always have That I might be young here.” — ‘Where I Want to Be Young”
“This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.”
“This is the strangest life I have ever known.”
“This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.”
“This is your only chance to give life your best shot. Do not miss it at all!”
“This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.”
“This life does not have a best friend. It only has voyagers who travel from their date of birth until their date of death.”
“This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!”
“This life is futile, what really counts is to love you show to others and the happiness you share together.”
“This life is not perfect, live it to the full, it's all we have”
“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
“This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.”
“This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.”
“This moment feels so dreadfully sore, Like a prickly thorn that I can't ignore. It's excruciating, oh how it stings, Like a bee's sharp sting that really zings. Pain, oh pain, it's part of the game, In life's grand adventure, it's never the same. From bumps and bruises to a broken heart, Pain finds a way to play its part. It sneaks up on us, oh yes it does, With a sting and a throb, just because. But Let me pamper myself with care so fine, In this very moment, oh how divine! With utmost tenderness, I shall embrace, A moment of self-love, at my own pace! I require some mercy, oh yes indeed, To grant myself kindness, in word and in deed. In this world so vast, with troubles untold, I seek solace and grace, to have and to hold.”
“This must be Thursday,' said Arthur to himself, sinking low over his beer. 'I never could get the hang of Thursdays.”
“This new day has greeted us with no rules; unconditional opportunity. Do not dilute the power of this new day with the hardship of yesterday. Greet this day the way it has greeted you; with open arms and endless possibility.”
“This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.”
“This thing I am feeling, I’m almost certain, is the closest I’ll ever come to standing somewhere in between truth and reconciliation.”
“This was my first lesson about gambling: if you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating. Later on in life, if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation, I would watch very closely.”
“This was what life was supposed to be, I thought, full of strange, previously unknown thrills, and unfamiliar pleasures. It was supposed to be always new; new and a little dangerous.”
“This work was strictly voluntary, but any animal who absented himself from it would have his rations reduced by half.”
“This world is not for the weak. If you're not strong enough to endure the darkness and blood that awaits, you will crumble bit by bit. You must decide if this world is worth sacrificing everything for.”
“This world needs people who stop, think and make plans from time to time, rather than people running around all the time, because while running around, the action is awake, the thought is asleep! In order to see the solutions to the problems, it is necessary to take a break from the action often and activate the thought!”
“This world that was our home for a brief spell never brought us anything but pain and grief; its a shame that not one of our problems was ever solved. We depart with a thousand regrets in our hearts.”
“Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.”
“Those candle flames were like the lives of men. So fragile. So deadly. Left alone, they lit and warmed. Let run rampant, they would destroy the very things they were meant to illuminate. Embryonic bonfires, each bearing a seed of destruction so potent it could tumble cities and dash kings to their knees.”
“Those guys who want to have the Mohawk which, to me, is the new business casual.”
“Those silent one's are good observers.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“Those who are against you will always desire to see you unhappy. Do not grant them that wish. Forgive!”
“Those who are considered adventurous by nature are optimists too.”
“Those who are made can be unmade.”
“Those who are willing to be vulnerable move among mysteries.”
“Those who can't build, destroy.”
“Those who can't have you, start hating you.”
“Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." (George Santayana) I've got news for Mr. Santayana: we're doomed to repeat the past no matter what. That's what it is to be alive.”
“Those who claim to know, or rely so much on knowledge, have blinded themselves to attaining wisdom in life.”
“Those who don't jump will never fly.”
“Those who get offended by my words have problem with my silence too.”
“Those who get offended with my words, have problem with my silence too”
“Those who hate you will obviously not speak nice things about you.”
“Those who have drunk from the ocean of wisdom will rarely find true love in life.”
“Those who have failed to work toward the truth have missed the purpose of living.”
“Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of happy mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give.”
“Those who have not understood who am I? have less hope of keeping themselves alive. Originality and identity are all you need under the universe.”
“Those who have sight go blind at night and constantly need the moon or artificial light to guide them.”
“Those who hurt others will also hurt themselves.”
“Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.”
“Those who love you, will love you despite your occasional cockups. Those who hate you, will hate you despite your evident triumphs.”
“Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.”
“Those who rest when they need to work will work when they need to rest. Do your bit when it is most rewarding.”
“Those who sat with him saw his eyes go moist when they spoke about something horrible, or crinkle in delight when they told him a really bad joke. He was always ready to openly display the emotion so often missing from my baby boomer generation. We are great at small talk: 'What do you do?' 'Where do you live?' But really listening to someone -- without trying to sell them something, pick them up, recruit them, or get some kind of status in return -- how often do we get this anymore?”
“Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!”
“Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves.”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.”
“Three films a day, three books a week and records of great music would be enough to make me happy to the day I die.”
“Through all of living have much joy and laughter, life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.”
“Through intuition, we grasp the flow of change and dynamism present in the universe. We therefore discover, and intuition becomes a catalyst for holistic wealth.”
“Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.”
“Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.”
“Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.”
“Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.”
“Thus I progressed on the surface of life, in the realm of words as it were, never in reality. All those books barely read, those friends barely loved, those cities barely visited, those women barely possessed! I went through the gestures out of boredom or absent-mindedness. Then came human beings; they wanted to cling, but there was nothing to cling to, and that was unfortunate--for them. As for me, I forgot. I never remembered anything but myself.”
“Thy thoughts have become imbecilic, to think life has no value, a meaningless mind has no reason for existence. -MillYentei”
“Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?' Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.”
“Till the Time 'Homosapiens' was based on Survival - "Fitness" was the only Wealth Humans Needed, and it was Time' when Eco-System wasn't effected by Creatures. "The Golden Era of Evolution ”
“Till ye have battled with great grief and fears/And borne the conflict of dream-shattering years/Wounded with fierce desire and worn with strife/Children, ye have not lived: for this is life.”
“Time always moves forward but it is only when you have something to look forward to, life moves forward.”
“Time and Energy are the most precious assets in life, If you are investing them in something, always make sure that your reward will be higher than your capability of thinking.”
“Time can change you more than you plan to change.”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“Time has a weird quality of slowing down when you're struggling in life.”
“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students." [ Letter, November 1856 ]”
“Time is life and time can never be saved. It can only be spent in the right way.”
“Time is my friend when it doesn't let the bad moments stay but it becomes my enemy when it lets the good moments pass by.”
“Time is not a ladder one ascends into the future but a ladder one descends into the past”
“Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.”
“Time management is about life management.”
“Time outside brings out the strongest emotions and reactions”
“Time puts everything in their proper place and whatever is misplaced is already on the way to where it belongs.”
“Time remorselessly rambles down the corridors and streets of our lives. but it is not until autumn that most of us become aware that our tickets are stamped with a terminal destination.”
“Time settles down a thing or two but not everything. We cannot wait forever. We cannot hope forever. We cannot dream forever. We have to move on with whatever we have or with nothing at all. We have to move on.”
“Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something.”
“Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.”
“Time ticks by; we grow older. Before we know it, too much time has passed and we've missed the chance to have had other people hurt us. To a younger me this sounded like luck; to an older me this sounds like a quiet tragedy.”
“Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on. I hope you never have to think about anything as much as I think about you.”
“Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.”
“Time, she does not protest in her passing.”
“Timendi causa est nescire - Ignorance is the cause of fear.”
“Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of Liberty.”
“Tired of running inside my head I just want to lay in bed But things are just getting started How can I escape Can I close my eyes and not open them again? Can I draw me in pain Can I write me this broken I don't know how to deal with what I'm feeling I feel like crying Tears started shedding Problem is a like a pill Making myself sleeping Just for a moment of escaping Feels like I'm dreaming Can someone come and save me I am not me I'm inside of me.”
“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.”
“To add some human emotions in your pursuit of prosperity, making some new friends will always give you more happiness than earning money. If you blindly seek fame and wealth in the end you will realize that no matter how much money you have it will never be able to fill up the hole in your heart. You may seem like you have everything but in reality, you still have nothing.”
“To all those people who are too worried about bringing their life "On Track", the Track doesn't exist!! It's just a matrix created by society for you to follow when they can't escape it for themselves.”
“To all those who care, You can't forever. Time steals the years, And your reflection in the mirror. But I can still see the story in your eyes, And your timeless passion that’s never died. While your skin became tired, Your heart became strong, The present became the past, And your memories like a song. And though the moment at hand is all that we have, You’ve taught me to live it like it is our last. Since two words don't say ‘thank you’ the way they are meant to, I'll try all my life to be something like you.”
“To anyone who has ever set a goal, worked towards it, endured through it, and eventually saw it come to pass; no matter how big or small  I salute you, and congratulations. Whatever you are facing now, remember that you still have it in you to succeed and achieve a new goal again. Just set a goal, focus on One Thing at a Time, commit & work towards it, achieve, and repeat.”
“To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore all.”
“To be a tremendous success, look for opportunity rather than security.”
“To be alive is to be missing.”
“To be alive, it seemed to me, as I stood there in all kinds of sorrow, was to be both original and reflection, and to be dead was to be split off, to be reflection alone.”
“To be at peace with others you must be at peace with yourself.”
“To be born means being compelled to choose an era, a place, a life. To exist here, now, means to lost the possibility of being countless other potential selves.. Yet once being born there is no turning back. And I think that's exactly why the fantasy worlds of cartoon movies so strongly represent our hopes and yearnings. They illustrate a world of lost possibilities for us.”
“To be called wrong without being heard is a victory.”
“To be calm and compassionate you need courage and conviction.”
“To be creative means to be in love with life. You can be creative only if you love life enough that you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more dance to it.”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“To be naive unleashes a true genius.”
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
“To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the breaking of bread.”
“To be spiritual, one does not have to renounce the world, but to elevate oneself above worldly desires to a higher level of consciousness.”
“To be spiritual, one need not give up the world, but must overcome worldly desires.”
“To be successful in your life you don't need to have all the ideas in the world but only one idea that clicks and you are done for your life”
“To be “matter of fact” about the world is to blunder into fantasy--and dull fantasy at that, as the real world is strange and wonderful.”
“To be, or not to be: that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep; No more; and by a sleep to say we end The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation Devoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep; To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub; For in that sleep of death what dreams may come When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause: there's the respect That makes calamity of so long life; For who would bear the whips and scorns of time, The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, The pangs of despised love, the law's delay, The insolence of office and the spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes, When he himself might his quietus make With a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear, To grunt and sweat under a weary life, But that the dread of something after death, The undiscover'd country from whose bourn No traveller returns, puzzles the will And makes us rather bear those ills we have Than fly to others that we know not of? Thus conscience does make cowards of us all; And thus the native hue of resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, And enterprises of great pith and moment With this regard their currents turn awry, And lose the name of action.--Soft you now! The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisons Be all my sins remember'd!”
“To become a leader, you must also be prepared to act like the best slave who never rests or sleeps.”
“To become vegetarian is to step towards the stream which leads to nirvana.”
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”
“To change the way you live. You should change the way you think.”
“To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.”
“To create the magic of life is your own responsibility, Because People are just spectators who create problems.”
“To doubt your ability is to accept failure and embrace the worst, without even trying your best.”
“To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”
“To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around.”
“To every living being, breath is essential. To the living God, death must happen, because it is through death that He will meet His children in Heaven.”
“To experience heaven on earth, all it takes is one dance. No matter what, take the chance, move forward, freedom will finally be within grasp.”
“To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead.”
“To find a mountain path all by oneself gives a greater feeling of strength than to take a path that is shown.”
“To find out if she really loved me, I hooked her up to a lie detector. And just as I suspected, my machine was broken. ”
“To find something new, you have to leave something old.”
“To find the right person, you must first BE the right person.”
“To flourish, you need to focus, forgive and follow the right path.”
“To get more out of your time at work, you should set goals. This helps you to stay focused better and gives you something more to work towards.”
“To get something in life you need to give out something”
“To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.”
“To have everything one wishes for never satisfies oneself - it is the thought of having just enough of everything that leads to happiness without having anything.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”
“To join the others was to care, and to care was to live and to suffer.”
“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“To know dance is to understand life; it overwhelms you; it moves you. When you embrace it with all your entirety, worlds move beneath your feet.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“To leave, after all, was not the same as being left.”
“To live a pain-free life, is to forgive those who caused you pain.”
“To live greatly, we must develop the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and triumph with humility.”
“To live in a city is to live the life that it was built for, to adapt to its schedule and rhythms, to move within the transit layout made for you during the morning and evening rush, winding through the crowds of fellow commuters. To live in a city is to consume its offerings. To eat at its restaurants. To drink at its bars. To shop at its stores. To pay its sales taxes. To give a dollar to its homeless. To live in a city is to take part in and to propagate its impossible systems. To wake up. To go to work in the morning. It is also to take pleasure in those systems because, otherwise, who could repeat the same routines, year in, year out?”
“To live in the future, you must survive the present.”
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”
“To live is to be haunted.”
“To live is to be musical, starting with the blood dancing in your veins. Everything living has a rhythm. Do you feel your music?”
“To live is to war with trolls.”
“To live life bravely is to pass through a fire without hesitation even for a second when it is necessary to pass through it! What about living life wisely? It is something very different; it's about calculating, choosing the right time and wearing fireproof clothing!”
“To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings; we need to transcend, transport, escape; we need meaning, understanding, and explanation; we need to see over-all patterns in our lives. We need hope, the sense of a future. And we need freedom (or, at least, the illusion of freedom) to get beyond ourselves, whether with telescopes and microscopes and our ever-burgeoning technology, or in states of mind that allow us to travel to other worlds, to rise above our immediate surroundings. We may seek, too, a relaxing of inhibitions that makes it easier to bond with each other, or transports that make our consciousness of time and mortality easier to bear. We seek a holiday from our inner and outer restrictions, a more intense sense of the here and now, the beauty and value of the world we live in.”
“To look at the past with pride is a luxury not many people have.”
“To look life in the face, always, to look life in the face, and to know it for what it is at last, to love it for what it is, and then, to put it away ”
“To love someone with no house in their chest is to endure nothing else other than the slow spinning pirouette of the vicissitudes of life.”
“To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“To many of you, I may appear young. But my soul knows no bounds; both in the past, the present and the future.”
“To me who dreamed so much as a child, who made a dreamworld in which I was the heroine of an unending story, the lives of people around me continued to have a certain storybook quality. I learned something which has stood me in good stead many times — The most important thing in any relationship is not what you get but what you give.”
“To me, at least in retrospect, the really interesting question is why dullness proves to be such a powerful impediment to attention. Why we recoil from the dull. Maybe it’s because dullness is intrinsically painful; maybe that’s where phrases like ‘deadly dull’ or ‘excruciatingly dull’ come from. But there might be more to it. Maybe dullness is associated with psychic pain because something that’s dull or opaque fails to provide enough stimulation to distract people from some other, deeper type of pain that is always there, if only in an ambient, low-level way, and which most of us spend nearly all our time and energy trying to distract ourselves from feeling, or at least from feeling directly or with our full attention. Admittedly, the whole thing’s pretty confusing, and hard to talk about abstractly…but surely something must lie behind not just Muzak in dull or tedious places any more but now also actual TV in waiting rooms, supermarkets’ checkouts, airport gates, SUVs’ backseats. Walkman, iPods, BlackBerries, cell phones that attach to your head. This terror of silence with nothing diverting to do. I can’t think anyone really believes that today’s so-called ‘information society’ is just about information. Everyone knows it’s about something else, way down.”
“To me, history ought to be a source of pleasure. It isn't just part of our civic responsibility. To me, it's an enlargement of the experience of being alive, just the way literature or art or music is." [ The Title Always Comes Last ; NEH 2003 Jefferson Lecturer interview profile]”
“To move, to breathe, to fly, to float, To gain all while you give, To roam the roads of lands remote, To travel is to live.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work.”
“To perceive is to suffer.”
“To protect themselves, the weak focus on the "bad" in people. Conversely, the strong, who fear little, focus on the "good".”
“To put an end to the desires of the spirit, we must deal with the reality of life.”
“To put meaning in one's life may end in madness, But life without meaning is the torture Of restlessness and vague desire-- It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.”
“To realize you were wrong and to be willing to change is a lifetime achievement.”
“To regret one’s own experiences is to arrest one’s own development. To deny one’s own experiences is to put a lie into the lips of one’s own life. It is no less than a denial of the soul.”
“To reiterate: not all things need to be finished, and free reading is a prime example of this. Writing – or the composition of words which are intended to be read – just like painting, sculpting, or composing music, is a form of art. Typically, not all art is able to resonate with each and every viewer – or, in this case, reader. If we walk through a museum and see a boring painting, or listen to an album we don’t enjoy, we won’t keep staring at said painting, nor will we listen to the album. So, if we don’t like a book, if we aren’t learning from it, dreaming about it, enjoying its descriptions, pondering its messages, or whatever else may be redeeming about a specific book, why would we waste our time to “just finish it?” Sure, we may add another book to the list of books read, but is more always better?”
“To say goodbye is to die a little.”
“To say nothing is saying something. You must denounce things you are against or one might believe that you support things you really do not.”
“To say ‘I love you’ one must first know how to say the ‘I.’ The meaning of the ‘I’ is an independent, self-sufficient entity that does not exist for the sake of any other person. A person who exists only for the sake of his loved one is not an independent entity, but a spiritual parasite. The love of a parasite is worth nothing.”
“To see your outer self you need eyes and a mirror but to see your inner self you need heart and your heart becomes your eyes and a mirror.”
“To sell your soul is the easiest thing in the world. That's what everybody does every hour of his life. If I asked you to keep your soul - would you understand why that's much harder?”
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”
“To sin is to declare war on the universe and to bring disorder to the world.”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“To stay sane, you need to forgive the same way Christ did.”
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.”
“To suffer without complaint is the only lesson we have to learn in this life”
“To tap into that infinite source of beauty and amazement, all you have to do is close your eyes, turn your attention inward and breathe.”
“To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”
“To travel is to live.”
“To understand just one life you have to swallow the world   do you wonder, then, that I was a heavy child?”
“To whom you wish good for, he is the first person with whom you should fight for.”
“Toby Zeigler: There's literally no one in the world I don't hate right now.”
“Today I am determined to rejoice in what we've gained, rather than what was lost. Both in the world, and personally.”
“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
“Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!”
“Today is passing by and Tomorrow is laughing at him. Tomorrow does not know that he himself will soon become Yesterday. Make of this what you will, but your gain will be great if it helps guide your behavior and relationship to seniors and, especially, older people.”
“Today is the very busy day of the year as I am working really hard to create some rules for the new year, not for the reason that I follow, just because I love breaking rules!”
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”
“Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming”
“Too few see the beauty obvious to all who are near.”
“Too late, I found you can't wait to become perfect, you got to go out and fall down and get up with everybody else.”
“Too many locks, not enough keys.”
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”
“Too many people miss out on real love because they're too busy waiting for the ONE to show up”
“Too many people seem to believe that silence was a void that needed to be filled, even if nothing important was said.”
“Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people that they don't like.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“Total submission to Allah swt brings peace of mind and heart.”
“Totally without hope one cannot live. To live without hope is to cease to live. Hell is hopelessness. It is no accident that above the entrance to Dante's hell is the inscription: "Leave behind all hope, you who enter here.”
“Touch the fire and you will burn your hands. But if you observe the density of the heat before you touch it, you will save your hands.”
“Traditional education allows only the stupid to thrive.”
“Traditional education is designed to empower the stupid.”
“Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.”
“Transformational leaders do not focus on chasing after an income; they pay more attention to the genuine transformation of their followers.”
“Transformational leaders earn the trust of their followers, because they know how to turn things around and produce excellent results.”
“Transformational leaders may look simple and their approaches may be simple, but they always find ways to handle complicated problems.”
“Transformational leadership does not only transform the life of the leader, but also the lives of those who are being led.”
“Transformational leadership is a calling, much more than a title. A transformational leader does not care how they are called. They only care about what they have been called to do.”
“Transformational leadership is about having the right influence on followers, rather than creating affluence for individual leaders.”
“Transformational leadership is about maximizing limited resources in order to obtain great results.”
“Transformational leadership is like medicine for society. It mends whatever is broken.”
“Transformational leadership is the ability to follow an ethical mandate, in order to attain the goals that lie ahead.”
“Transformational leadership is when those in power do what they can to empower those who are powerless.”
“Transformational leadership occurs when the leaders focus on empowering people, not just what they can gain from that position.”
“Transformations are a part of life. We are constantly being changed by things changing around us. Nobody can control that. Nobody can control the environment, the economy, luck, or the moods of others. Compositions change. Positions change. Dispositions change. Experiences change. Opportunities and attitudes change. You will change.”
“Travellers travel because of curiosity. Explorers explore because of curiosity. Anything good that we have is due to curiosity. But, so as the bad.”
“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”
“Treat people as an end, and never as a means to an end”
“Trees make me believe that we can also renew and reshape our lives, no matter what we face in life.”
“Trend is nothing but an idea or thought of a person or a group that is forcibly dumped into people's minds and mentally imposed upon their choice very strongly”
“Trends are nothing but an idea or thought of a person or a group which is mentally imposed on your choice and strongly feeds into your brain. and force you to do something that which rules by someone. it doesn't matter if you're happy with it or not but you are following trends because your mind is controlled by others”
“Tried living in the real world instead of a shell, but I was bored before I even began.”
“Tristan was silent for a few moments, looking at the leaves before them. "Life isn't about the past and the future. It's about today." He paused. "It's about five minutes from now and two seconds ago. It's moments, you know? Not years. Years aren't what define us.”
“Trouble is, molding yourself is hard enough; molding others is even harder.”
“Troubled I tried to gamble It is true that pride is the hardest thing to swallow.”
“Troubled Tried to gambled It is true that pride is the hardest thing to be swallowed.”
“Trout was petrified there on Forty-second Street. It had given him a life not worth living, but I had also given him an iron will to live. This was a common combination on the planet Earth. ”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“True awareness demands questioning the trends, refusing to conform, and embracing the power of individuality, while also acknowledging that those who choose to conform may often attract attention at times. It is up to you to chose which path your willing to sacrifice for!”
“True business is that which give hapiness to both giver and taker..”
“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“True friendship is being supportive of one another through all the changing scenes of life.”
“True healers don't come to heal. They come to remind others of the healer within.”
“True leaders remain true to their calling as leaders.”
“True leadership is seen when things are tough because only tough leaders can handle tough times.”
“True love doesn't make you aggressive and insecure it makes you peaceful.”
“True love is like a tower house; this one requires strong pillars and foundation to withstand windstorms. And the mains of these pillars are patience and sacrifice!”
“True love mends broken hearts and never changes no matter what the circumstances are, but the fake eventually destroys someone's heart.”
“True luxury isn’t material, it’s about people”
“True victory is gotten when the one who was meant to be a victim chooses to forgive.”
“Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“Trust your journey. The best view is during, not after.”
“Trusting in God is an easy way to simplify life. He will give you a plethora of miracles to testify about.”
“Truth hurts! Even then that's all that we always want to know.”
“Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized.”
“Truth is the parallel of life, a light, which shines beyond pitiful self-denial and meandering pride.”
“Try different activities to see which skill is best suitable for your success. Without variety, you'll never truly know.”
“Try patting them on the back or shoulder and telling them everything is going to be fine. Lots of times when girls cry, they don't want you to fix the problem, they just want to be consoled.”
“Try to be "good", you'll be judged. Try to be yourself, you'll be criticized. Therefore, choose the second option. Evil uses the "nice good people" as puppets. It appears dressed as a poor guy, telling them that he needs help When these people realize they have been used, it is already too late.”
“Try to being a 'Spider' in life, because spider always climb after he falls!”
“Try to exclude the possibility of suffering which the order of nature and the existence of free-wills involve, and you find that you have excluded life itself.”
“Try to work on being okay with being a total reject, a freak, a wobbly little weirdo, a loser, a fine-ass hottie, and an ordinary everyday girl with all kinds of struggles. It’s okay. Try to remind yourself, every single day, that it’s you who decides if you’re happy or not, the real you, the current you, not the past you. And your happiness should definitely not be up to everybody else in this goddamn shitty, fucked-up world. Remember that things are always changing. Remember that love, even if it goes bad in the end, was still a good thing, because it came from you, out of who you are as a person. Remember that the good times, when they happen, are worth all the trouble. Remember that sadness and heartbreak, frustration and loss, even bitter, hopeless fucking tragedy, they’re all part of what makes a beautiful story. Just like flaws, freakiness, fuck-ups, and all your fallible character defects are all part of what makes a fantastic fucking you. Remember that making mistakes doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you a human being, somebody who’s just trying to get through this fucked up life, just like everybody else, and doesn’t know everything. Sometimes you screw up. Sometimes a fuck up ruins lives. But you’re only a bad person if you don’t learn anything from your mistakes, if you just keep going, like a bull in a China shop, hurting people over and over forever, never changing. Remember that you can still love yourself, even if you’ve made horrible, terrible mistakes, even if you’ve ruined people’s lives. You can still love who you are. You have to, or you won’t survive. Remember that the awful things people did to you do not define who you are. Your choices define who you are, and you never chose any of that shit. Remember that you’re not all alone in being a freak. Remember that you fucking rock.”
“Turn off the hate. Turn up the love.”
“Turn up the volume in your own life.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“Two glass of Exile, formed in a brownish color, A sip to get lost and no where, to be found, brandy it's. The taste of it under the tongue, for the weekend, remain blessed, and intoxicated to dark rum, Dark till it grows glommy. drinking and sipping with purpose, With the rose of lousy laughter's, A moment to forget your worries, And live again the next day.”
“Two or three times a year, set aside four days, away from work, family, and technology, to check in with yourself, gain perspective, daydream, and evaluate your life.”
“Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.”
“Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”
“Unanswered questions leave more room for possibilities. -Maybe/Maybe Not Dying Girl”
“Unavoidable pain for inevitable gain is supporting the preparation of the soul to love another in completeness of mind, body and heart by acknowledging that its process of transformation will not be unmarked by thorns.”
“Unbecome everything that's not helping you become your best self.”
“Unbecome everything that's not helping you become your best self”
“Unbeing dead isn't being alive.”
“Uncomplicate it. Don’t make excuses. Some of life’s biggest heartaches come from missed opportunities and lame excuses. Don’t miss out on what could be the best chapter in your life because you’re too busy rereading the last one.”
“Under certain circumstances the fateful decisions in life, sometimes even in matters of life and death, are made with an almost indifferent ease. While the little things-for instance, the way people hang on to what is over-seem so important.”
“Under the ties, I understood that I was no longer a carefree child. The real possibility that a person-any person-could leave, hit me for the first time. One day, sooner than I could have imagined, it would be my turn to go. Not like a gentle beach breeze, but like an east wind storm.”
“Understanding is not enough, the training of mental power is still necessary. I am not looking for peace in life, but for freedom. Simply, because freedom is sweeter than peace.”
“Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.”
“Unexpected intrusions of beauty. This is what life is.”
“Unfollow your heart if your heart is not following Allah.”
“Unforgivable as it is sometimes, be forgiving. One day, you will feel proud.”
“Unforgiveness is like a virus. To survive, it needs a receptor. Forgive and you will not give it a chance.”
“Unforgiveness is like a weed that stops a beautiful flower from growing as it should.”
“Unforgiveness is like weeds; your seeds will not thrive until you remove those weeds. Forgive, and you will flourish.”
“Unforgiveness keeps you far from joy and tricks you out of a fruitful life. Make that choice to forgive once and for all.”
“Unforgiveness strips you of the peace you need. Forgive and enjoy a life of peace.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“Unless you become a big picture thinker, you will always stay where you are. ~ Ahmed Omaar”
“Unless you become a big picture thinker, you will always stay where you are.”
“Unless you take control of your life, you will forever be a slave to others. The choice is yours.”
“Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“Until death it is all life”
“Until politicians experience what you are experiencing or go through what you are going through. They don't care and would never come up with solution or do something to help. It is not their problem and it does not affect them.”
“Until we can receive with an open heart, we are never really giving with an open heart.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”
“Upon achieving a lifelong dream, I thought, this is the way to live your life -- in the moment, and to the fullest.”
“Ups and Down. Breakups and makeups. Knits, purls and a ton of dropped stitches. This was why I loved these women. They'd stuck with me through it all. And when life gave us lemons, we took those darn lemons, made lemon drop martinis, and danced.”
“Use your energy to improve the point at the mirror.”
“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”
“Value and Power of Time, Prayers and Purpose driven consistency are the strong foundation elements of one’s life.”
“Value can be changed ,but nature can't..”
“Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!”
“Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.”
“Value your time and don't waste it on the people that don't value yours. Time is precious.”
“Value your time and goals but don't forget to value the people in your life too.”
“Varanasi is God's own creation, where life and death are both subjects of celebration.”
“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”
“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”
“Vengeance will make you feel like you are in control for some time. Yet, the truth is that it makes someone else control you for as long as you hold on to a grudge. If you want more control and total freedom, choose forgiveness.”
“Very occasionally, if you pay really close attention, life doesn't suck.”
“Victorious people are forgiving people. If you want a life of victory, you must forgive.”
“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
“Visualization is a wonderful process of manifestation.”
“Vital lives are about action. You can't feel warmth unless you create it, can't feel delight until you play, can't know serendipity unless you risk.”
“Voici mon secret. Il est très simple: on ne voit bien qu'avec le cœur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.”
“WE two boys together clinging, One the other never leaving, Up and down the roads going, North and South excursions making, Power enjoying, elbows stretching, fingers clutching, Arm'd and fearless, eating, drinking, sleeping, loving. No law less than ourselves owning, sailing, soldiering, thieving, threatening, Misers, menials, priests alarming, air breathing, water drinking, on the turf or the sea-beach dancing, Cities wrenching, ease scorning, statutes mocking, feebleness chasing, Fulfilling our foray.”
“WHO THE HELL'S AT THE DOOR? When you are young your favourite time for sex are often first thing in the morning or last thing at night,but as you get older your body clock changes.You can't function in the morning until you have had breakfast and at night you are so tired at the end of a long day that you just want to go to sleep.On your agenda,sex comes somewhere below running a marathon or wrestling an alligator.”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“Waiting. Like it or not, it's a skill all spies have to master eventually.”
“Walk away without opening a door behind which you know there is something wonderful to make you happy! That's what it's called controlling emotions! And if you can control your emotions, you will gain a significant advantage over what life has to offer you, life can no longer guide you, you become the decision maker!”
“Walk to the corner of a street and stop there! You never know what will come around the corner and that's exactly what life is!”
“Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it ”
“Walking alone may not make you happy, but it will make you stronger.”
“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”
“Wanting him to come back before anyone notices part of the world has not moved since he left.”
“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.”
“Wanting to be loved back isn't a very high expectation.”
“War had bled color from everything, leaving nothing but a storm of gray.”
“War is not for winning, Masha," sighed Koschei, reading the tracks of supply lines, of pincer strategies, over her shoulder. "It is for surviving.”
“Was it always to be like this? she wondered. A moment of joy followed by a new sorrow?”
“Was it hard?" I ask. Letting go?" Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real.”
“Waste not a second of the day, who knows if this moment will return, count each blessing of time when you dance the dance of life.”
“Waste yourself: give yourself to others!”
“Watch your mind, and it becomes quiet.”
“Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.”
“Watching my back is the perfect opportunity to stick a knife in it.”
“Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans.”
“Water is sacred to all Human Beings. If you do not have water, you cannot have life. I always remember to honor and pour the water because it is traditional.”
“Water is such a lifesaver into which we cannot breathe but without taking it into us we cannot live”
“Water is to India as blood is to the body, with the many rivers functioning as arteries – the Ganges being the aorta – and the monsoon timelessly arriving as a much-needed annual blood transfusion.”
“We advance in life when we let go of the fear.”
“We all are different and our journeys will be different too.”
“We all begin to loose once we stop hoping.”
“We all claim that we don't lie. Isn't it? But that's the biggest lie. The truth is we all lie in life. Some people lie to protect their life. Some people lie to protect others. I also lied to protect someone, and what followed was a suffocation of hiding something from someone who meant a lot to me. Trust me, the sooner you learn, the better it is for you that even if your intentions are good, it is still a lie. So be a little selfish, don't think about anyone. Just think about yourself, and you'll never have to make stories to cover your lie.”
“We all face challenges and disappointments in life, but it’s how we use these experiences to our advantage that matters! Instead of letting them bring us down, let’s take a moment to reflect on what went wrong, learn from our mistakes, and build resilience to help us move forward.”
“We all give up great expectations along the way.”
“We all glow differently!”
“We all go through hard times in life. It’s a part of being alive and it's the reality we all have to deal with. There are times we forget our value as a person because we are so blinded with these thoughts of loneliness, emptiness and ego. Somewhere along the road we become numbed with all the frustrations and dissatisfaction. But life itself isn't always about darkness and sadness, Life is also filled with colors and that makes it beautiful. Along this path of darkness there's always light waiting to be seen by our daunted hearts. Our heart is gifted to see this light. It may be hiding behind those circumstances that we encounter; in a stranger we just met at an unexpected place; a family who has been always there but you just ignored because of your imperfect relationship with them; it might be a long time friend you have or a friend you just met. Open your heart and you will see how blessed you are to have them all in your life. Sometimes they are the light that shines your path in some dark phases of life. Don't lose hope”
“We all have cracks. Parts of our journey that weren’t easy, that may at one point make us feel ugly or less than, and yet those moments are now part of us, and we have the power to learn from them. Appreciate them.”
“We all have inner abilities to fulfil, a path to discover, people to connect with, and a love of certain things which will make us glad to be alive.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“We all have such fateful objects — it may be a recurrent landscape in one case, a number in another — carefully chosen by the gods to attract events of specific significance for us: here shall John always stumble; there shall Jane's heart always break.”
“We all have the same root, and are connected  To tap into this connectedness we must go within.”
“We all have to go through tough times in our life at some point or the other. It's how you deal with these hardships that will determine how successful you'll be in life.”
“We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.”
“We all like to think the world ends when we do. The truth is our acquaintances, our friends, and our loved ones all live on, and through them, so do we. It's not about what you had, but what you gave. It's not about how you looked, but how you lived. And it's not just about being remembered. It's about giving people a good reason to remember you.”
“We all live inside the terrible engine of authority, and it grinds and shrieks and burns so that no one will say: lines on maps are silly.”
“We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.”
“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”
“We all need fairy tales to forget the tragedies and difficulties of life, even for a short time!”
“We all need love and support from others”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“We all need to be seen, appreciated, encouraged, validated, listened to. And whether or not we've been lucky enough to get that from other people when we needed it, we can be that person for others, which in a way allows us to be that person we needed for ourselves. When we share our time and creativity, our life and story become entwined with the lives and the stories we touch.”
“We all play and dance to the tune that's in our minds and ears. And that's what makes life enjoyable for many of us.”
“We all want God in our lives when things need to change, but we hesitate when God wants us to change so He can come into our lives.”
“We all wish a fearless and safe life. And that’s our human right, regardless of where we come from.”
“We appreciate most that which we have lived without.”
“We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do”
“We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.”
“We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines—we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. I do not say lonely—at least, not all the time—but essentially, and finally, alone. This is what makes your self-respect so important, and I don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness.”
“We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.”
“We are all dying, every moment that passes of every day. That is the inescapable truth of this existence. It is a truth that can paralyze us with fear, or one that can energize us with impatience, with the desire to explore and experience, with the hope- nay, the iron-will!- to find a memory in every action. To be alive, under sunshine, or starlight, in weather fair or stormy. To dance with every step, be they through gardens of flowers or through deep snows.”
“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”
“We are all fit for better things than we ever do.”
“We are all here to fill a purpose”
“We are all humiliated by the sudden discovery of a fact which has existed very comfortably and perhaps been staring at us in private while we have been making up our world entirely without it.”
“We are all living, at most, half of a life, she thought. There was the life that you lived, which consisted of the choices you made. And then, there was the other life, the one that was the things you hadn’t chosen. And sometimes, this other life felt as palpable as the one you were living.”
“We are all ordinary. We are all boring. We are all spectacular. We are all shy. We are all bold. We are all heroes. We are all helpless. It just depends on the day.”
“We are all seeking the unobtainable. Until we find it, we settle for life.”
“We are all such broken children acting like adults.”
“We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss.”
“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
“We are always looking for supernatural beings in the universe, forgetting that we are part of these supernatural phenomena. We are the inner souls and not the corporeal beings.”
“We are born in one day. We die in one day. We can change in one day. And we can fall in love in one day. Anything can happen in just one day.”
“We are born to pay our early debts..”
“We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.”
“We are just other chickens in the multiverse, with our own finite species-specific knowledge limits that we can never surpass.”
“We are left torpid by the classroom. Stripped of the holy dignity given by the finger of God. Never to rise to the mere potential of greatness as promised in holy writ and seen in the lives of fervent believers. Only because we believe man not God.”
“We are multiple in One. All vibrating energy.”
“We are not expected to know how to be in situations we have never been in before, we are only expected to navigate our way through as best as we can.”
“We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.”
“We are not strangers in this journey of life…We are connected to each other through this mysterious field of love.”
“We are not subjected to Death, Murder, Killing, Tragedy, Agony nor Miseries of Hells", not Bone folded Fools". We fold , Unfold and Stretches .”
“We are nothing but supporting characters in an endless novel, not essential, not consequential. just there for the sake of it.”
“We are on strike, we, the men of the mind. We are on strike against self-immolation. We are on strike against the creed of unearned rewards and unrewarded duties. We are on strike against the dogma that the pursuit of one's happiness is evil. We are on strike against the doctrine that life is guilt.”
“We are only in control of our actions not their ripples.”
“We are shadows and entities, but we never asked to be made black! I’ll accept all your ignorance and misinformation, just don’t ever try to pull us back! Poem - IN MOTION. December 9, 2022.”
“We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.”
“We are taught from the time we are born about how to behave, how to look and how to act. Comply and do not question! The path is already set for you, as long as you stay on it you will make it.”
“We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.”
“We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.”
“We are the gardeners of our destiny. How hard we work on the ground, it will not pay off until the season comes”
“We are the time we must live up to otherwise like the sun we will set one day without shining.”
“We are the wolves, the hunted and the hounds. In the face of religion, we stand our ground. For too long we've been told what we should believe, But our hearts and our souls will never deceive. We reject the dogma and the fear they instill. We refuse to be bound by their holy will. We embrace our freedom, our love, and our truth. And we'll fight till the end, for the right to choose. We'll howl at the moon, and dance in the night. We'll live our lives, without fear or fright. We'll break the chains, and shatter the mold. For we are the wolves, fierce and bold. So let them come, with their crosses and their swords, We'll stand our ground, and we'll face their hoards. For we are the wolves, the hunters of our fate, and we'll never bow down, to their religious hate.”
“We are treated different because we want to be treated different.”
“We are unreasonable reasonable people. Measured of the excess. We frequent madness and chaos without quite melting into it. A hunger for life always ends up bringing us back to the light.”
“We are unusual and tragic and alive.”
“We are vulnerable,because of being good, good food, comfort zone, quit all these nonsense and see life will be much more spectacular!!!”
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”
“We are, all of us, always being tested, my friend. Tests make us stronger, and strength is power, and power is the point. We must pass all the tests we face… Or die in the effort.”
“We aren’t shown our fate so we can master it, Kol. Sometimes, perhaps, we’re shown the future so we can prepare for it. But other times, we are shown it so that we can marvel in it.”
“We betray our dreams to portray our responsibilities”
“We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.”
“We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.”
“We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation.”
“We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.”
“We can regard our life as a uselessly disturbing episode in the blissful repose of nothingness.”
“We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.”
“We can't change reality until we start asking better questions”
“We cannot be always successful, but we can be always true.”
“We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.”
“We cannot go far in life if we only take the path that everyone is taking.”
“We cannot, after all, judge a biography by its length, by the number of pages in it; we must judge by the richness of the contents Sometimes the 'unfinisheds' are among the most beautiful symphonies.”
“We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things; because the shadow always follows. Choose a place where you won't do harm - yes, choose a place where you won't do very much harm, and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine.”
“We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.”
“We clean our house when we invite someone, we must clean our hearts if we want to invite Allah.”
“We could do it, you know." "What?" "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it.”
“We could never know what works best for us if we weren't curious.”
“We create a meaningful life by what we accept as true and by what we create in the pursuit of truth, love, beauty, and adoration of nature.”
“We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!”
“We deny truth when it becomes an inconvenience.”
“We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.”
“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”
“We do not remember days, we remember moments. The richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten.”
“We do not rise by making other people fall.”
“We don't bring anything into the world and we sure as shit don't take anything out.”
“We don't get what we want in life - we get what we need in order to grow.”
“We don't have to do everything in order to be everything”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”
“We experience, while still young, our most thoroughly felt desires as a kind of horizon, see life as divided into what lies on this side of that horizon and what lies on the other, as if we only had to reach that horizon and fall into it in order for everything to change, in order to once and for all transcend the world as we have known it, though in the end this transcendence never actually comes, of course, a fact one began to appreciate only as one got older, when one realized there was always more life on the other side of desire's completion, that there was always waking up, working, eating, and sleeping, the slow passing of time that never ends, when one realized that one can never truly touch the horizon because life always goes on, because each moment bleeds into the next and whatever one considered the horizon of one's life turns out always to be yet another piece of earth.”
“We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything. - Julian Blackthorn”
“We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything." - Julian Blackthorn”
“We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all.”
“We fool ourselves so much we could do it for a living.”
“We get attached to certain people and forms and things and situations. But the truth is, things will always change and by understanding that on a deep level we won't be surprised when it happens to us. We can more easily face loss and surf the now.”
“We get so caught up in the life we are leading and forget that we are capable of living. Caring for Eleanor by Sonia Rumzi”
“We have different backgrounds, different arrangements of occurrence and life experiences. Don't trip when you see others doing better than you. Yours is yet to come.”
“We have no future because our present is too volatile. We have only risk management. The spinning of the given moment's scenarios. Pattern recognition.”
“We have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore- except to make our lives into a work of art.”
“We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.”
“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”
“We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.”
“We have to fight many battles in our life. Life is not a one-battle game.”
“We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.”
“We have to try and unite, despite our differences, despite our genders or race. For what kind of society are we building, if we cannot even master ourselves”
“We judge others instantly by their clothes, their cars, their appearance, their race, their education, their social status. The list is endless. What gets me is that most people decide who another person is before they have even spoken to them. What's even worse is that these same people decide who someone else is, and don't even know who they are themselves.”
“We just had a near-life experience!”
“We know from daily life that we exist for other people first of all, for whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
“We know how it ends practically before it starts. That´s why stories appeal to us. They give us the clarity and simplicity our real lives lack".”
“We know the cure. But people would rather take a pill than exercise their faith and do the work.”
“We lead our lives like water flowing down a hill, going more or less in one direction until we splash into something that forces us to find a new course.”
“We leave something of ourselves behind when we leave a place, we stay there, even though we go away. And there are things in us that we can find again only by going back there.”
“We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.”
“We live in a world where everything tends to get oversold, then all too often under-delivers. I’d prefer to be known for the opposite.”
“We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.”
“We live in the generation where unnecessary things appear great in front of the masses due to good promotion, while great works remain unknown and hidden from the public eye.”
“We live in the world of Point-Of-Views, not the truth”
“We love to be forgiven, but we hate to forgive others; unless they fall on their knees to worship us.”
“We make messes of our lives, but every now and then, we manage to do something that's exactly right. The challenge is figuring out which is which.”
“We make time for our friends. But in doing so, plan the time right so that you don't neglect your own needs.”
“We may be happy but just don’t know it yet. Many want to rebuke themselves for not finding the threshold of well being, since they simply haven’t learnt to be nice to themselves and to enjoy the privileged twinklings of life. ("C’est quand le bonheur ?" )”
“We may be small, and we may be young, but we will shake the world for our beliefs.”
“We may indeed die here, that's true. But we will all die anyway-is there any denying that? When you think of all the possible ways you might go, this is as fine a place as any, isn't it? I mean, to end one's life surrounded by friends, in a comfortable, dry room with plenty to read  that doesn't sound too awful, does it?" "What is the advantage of fear, or the benefit of regret, or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, 'Life is only precious if you wish it to be.' I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal-do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience?" The monk looked around, but no one answered him. "If Maribor wishes for me to die, who am I to argue? After all, it is he who gave me life to begin with. Until he decides I am done, each day is a gift granted to me, and it would be wasted if spent poorly. Besides, for me, I've learned that the last bite is often the sweetest.”
“We must all find pointless causes to live for, or why bother with breath? Because, on reflection, once you have seen your own face and recognised the colour of your eyes, tasted the air and smelled the soil, drunk from the purest fountains and the dirtiest wells, that is the kindest thing you can say about life. Its's not nothing.”
“We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.”
“We must be careful more than ever what we let our hearts believe in.”
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.”
“We must laugh and cry, enjoy and suffer, in a word, vibrate to our full capacity … I think that’s what being really human means.”
“We must support all Artists, Poets, Writers, Musicians, Singers, Dancers. They make life beautiful and memorable.”
“We need leaders who can do their best and challenge the status quo for the sake of their followers.”
“We need no language to laugh”
“We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible. To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk.”
“We need to get rid of hate, envy, jealousy, discord in ourselves, so we can reach a solution in terms of peace in order to feel that time has come for human happiness.”
“We need to maintain an awareness of our awareness, of what we are paying attention to, in order to discriminate between higher and lower forms of love.”
“We need to realize that we are under attack from the evil one, especially when we are doing the hard work of forgiving others or ourselves. We must not be naïve about Satan’s tactics. The devil will pull out all the stops to prevent forgiveness, because the evil one knows this is exactly what Jesus desires for us—and the evil one HATES Jesus.”
“We never choose to love. It just happens.”
“We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.”
“We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.”
“We not only learn from the knowledge we acquire and experiences we gain but sometimes in order to learn deeper lessons in life we put ourselves out there and learn from the wounds and damages we receive ourselves.”
“We now live in the times where, “My feelings don’t care about your facts,” we do whatever we want to do not what is best to do.”
“We often delay and sometimes even abandon the commencement of things entirely, primary because of the foreseeable end we have in mind.”
“We often think happiness comes from the situations in our lives, when it actually comes from the way we choose to relate to the situations in our lives.”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“We only live once, but even if you disagree, it makes more sense to live like you only have one life than to live thinking you have several lives to come.”
“We only need to be one person. We only need to feel one existence. We don't have to do everything in order to be everything, because we are already infinite. While we are alive we always contain a future of multifarious possibility.”
“We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.”
“We ourselve are the authors of almost all our woes and griefs, of which we so unreasonably complain.”
“We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.”
“We perceive the world through the rear window of life, observe all the puzzles and little pieces of our existence and assemble them in a comprehensive pattern. This allows us to reassess and evaluate our world view. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )”
“We proceeded to make way across the mighty Hooghly River, a monstrous offshoot of the Ganges, where we contemplated for a moment, our thoughts seemingly caught in the roaring southward current; there we gazed, toward where the city transitions into mangrove jungle, and somewhere a bit further to the southwest where all the rivers split infinitely like capillaries, where those famous Bengal tigers trod among the sunderbans. Peering in that direction, Bajju gripped the vertical bars just above the horizontal pedestrian railing, breathing slowly and silently, knees locked, still, despite being on arguably the busiest and loudest bridge in the world.”
“We remember the past, live in the present, and write the future.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“We see our eyes with our own eyes, we see our mind with our own mind, and we see our heart with our own heart.”
“We should be humble in our approach. But should not grumble towards life”
“We should count time by heart-throbs. He most lives, Who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.”
“We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged”
“We should live our lives as though Christ was coming this afternoon.”
“We shouldn't live as if [other worlds] mattered more than this life in this world, because where we are is always the most important place.”
“We slowly lose, from day to day, those little things, that pass away, with the ever changing winds of life, that come from all directions.”
“We smile, we cry, we win, we lose, now, strong wind and, after, a friendly breeze hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, we come, and we go, we departure from the world, In this little part of infinity that we live Amidst Birth and Death, acrobats”
“We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules.”
“We strive for harmony, but it is not always realized.”
“We tend to be judged because of our actions.”
“We think chosen means easy, and big, and great, and definitely without challenges. But that’s the lie that sinks our dreams.”
“We think that the things we are going to regret are the things that we didn't attain; but that's not what we're going to regret. We're going to regret the things we didn't give, the love we didn't show, the time we didn't spend on someone who mattered  what we didn't GIVE. That's what we're going to regret!”
“We try to be perfect to meet other people's expectations. But making good choices--I think that's on us. We do good because we see value in good.”
“We wait and think and doubt and hate. How does it make you feel? The overwhelming feeling is rage. We hate ourself for being unable to be other than what we are. Unable to be better. We feel rage. The feelings must be followed. It doesn't matter whether you're an ideologue or a sensualist, you follow the stimuli thinking that they're your signposts to the promised land. But they are nothing of the kind. What they are is rocks to navigate the past, each on your brush against, ripping you a little more open and they are always more on the horizon. But you can't face up to the that, so you force yourself to believe the bullshit of those you instinctively know are liars and you repeat those lies to yourself and to others, hoping that by repeating them often and fervently enough you'll attain the godlike status we accord those who tell the lies most frequently and most passionately. But you never do, and even if you could, you wouldn't value it, you'd realise that nobody believes in heroes any more. We know that they only want to sell us something we don't really want and keep from us what we really do need. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe we're getting in touch with our condition at last. It's horrible how we always die alone, but no worse than living alone.”
“We want life to make sense. If we don’t find meaning and orientation, we are bound to fabulate a living and invent an inspiring life story. When we write out a chosen script, we’ll have to make time to hunker down into attuning it to the hitches of the road map, time and again, with fractious patience. ( "Everybody his story" )”
“We were characters out of a movie. We were thoroughly alive. And we were absolutely beautiful.”
“We were never supposed to be in love; for everything that exists inside a heart eventually dies.”
“We would be allowed to work and not cause any trouble for her, but she didn't want us to be any more successful than she was”
“We'd start slow, the way we always did, because the run, and the game, could go on for awhile. Maybe even forever. That was the thing. You just never knew. Forever was so many different things. It was always changing, it was what everything was really all about. It was twenty minutes, or a hundred years, or just this instant, or any instant I wished would last and last. But there was only one truth about forever that really mattered, and that was this: it was happening. Right then, as I ran with Wes into that bright sun, and every moment afterwards. Look, there. Now. Now. Now.”
“We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.”
“We're all in the same boat here, trying to survive.”
“We're all made of stories. When they finally put us underground, the stories are what will go on. Not forever, perhaps, but for a time. It's a kind of immortality, I suppose, bounded by limits, it's true, but then so's everything.”
“We're not making mistakes. We're making experiences.”
“We're not words, Henry, we're people. Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose.”
“We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.”
“We're teaching the wrong things. And you have to be strong enough to say if the culture doesn't work, don't buy it. Create your own.”
“We're young. We’re supposed to drink too much. We're supposed to have bad attitudes and shag each other's brains out. We were designed to party. We owe it to ourselves to party hard. We owe it to each other. This is it. This is our time. So a few of us will overdose, or go mental. Charles Darwin said you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. That's what it's about - breakin' eggs - by eggs, I mean, getting twatted on a cocktail of class. As. If you could see yourselves  We had it all. We have fucked up bigger and better than any generation that came before us. We were so beautiful  We're screw-ups. I plan on staying a screw-up until my late twenties, or maybe even my early thirties. And I will shag my own mum before I let anyone else take that away from me!”
“We've been convinced that having an option is essential even if there is no evidence to form one on.”
“We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.”
“We, unaccustomed to courage exiles from delight live coiled in shells of loneliness until love leaves its high holy temple and comes into our sight to liberate us into life. Love arrives and in its train come ecstasies old memories of pleasure ancient histories of pain. Yet if we are bold, love strikes away the chains of fear from our souls. We are weaned from our timidity In the flush of love's light we dare be brave And suddenly we see that love costs all we are and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free.”
“Weak people continue to stay with the wrong people because they choose suffocation over freedom.”
“Weekend means: two days of sunshine will equal five days of rain. Pleasure is always followed by pain and vice versa.”
“Well, I agree that 'trial and error' is a pretty pessimistic name for it. And maybe that's what it is most of the time. But I think the point is that it's not just try-error. Most of the time, it's try-error-try.”
“Well, I can understand how you feel. You worked hard, studying for the spelling bee, and I suppose you feel you let everyone down, and you made a fool of yourself and everything. But did you notice something, Charlie Brown?" "What's that?" "The world didn't come to an end.”
“Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love. I like to work, read, learn, and understand life.”
“Well, it's a good life and a good world, all said and done, if you don't weaken.”
“Well, it’s like this. We choose to stay and to let go. We ask guidance from God with our choices. We align our desires to the opportunities presented. But sometimes, even if we want something or someone so badly, we just can’t have them. Either circumstances do not allow it, or we are just not the choice.”
“Well, sometimes I worry that my whole life will be based about what's comfortable and easy. I'll care too much about what makes me feel good to ever really reach for anything. And then I worry that even if I do, I won't succeed.”
“Were all the geniuses of history to focus on this single theme, they could never fully express their bafflement at the darkness of the human mind. No person would give up even an inch of their estate, and the slightest dispute with a neighbor can mean hell to pay; yet we easily let others encroach on our lives—worse, we often pave the way for those who will take it over. No person hands out their money to passersby, but to how many do each of us hand out our lives! We’re tight-fisted with property and money, yet think too little of wasting time, the one thing about which we should all be the toughest misers.”
“Werner wonders in the dead of night, isn’t life a kind of corruption? A child is born, and the world sets in upon it.”
“We’d grown up in the same environment, went to the same schools, and had about the same intelligence, I figured. She’d always been a ruthless, angry, mean person, but at thirteen, she’d started doing stupid crap that led to more stupid crap and more stupid crap and more stupid crap until she was buried under so much crap, she could never find her way out of it. You couldn’t expect anyone to take care of you better than you could take care of you.”
“We’d met at a carefree time, a moment full of promise, in its place now were the harsh lessons of the real world.”
“We’re born, we live, we die, we’re dust, what we do in the middle determines our legacy!”
“We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.”
“We’re running out of time, he said. As if time were the kind of thing you could run out of, as if it were measured into bowls that were handed to us at birth and if we ate too much or too fast or right before jumping into the water then our time would be lost, wasted, already spent. But time is beyond our finite comprehension. It’s endless, it exists outside of us; we cannot run out of it or lose track of it or find a way to hold on to it. Time goes on even when we do not.”
“We’re souls lost to a world filled with the ashes of our future. Not meant to be. Not in this lifetime.”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“What I am telling you, before you begin my story, is this -- two things: I crave truth. And I lie. ”
“What I believe is that there is no good time. All times are valid.”
“What I have learned so far had been an incredible journey and adventure. I remained in my own character even when I was not well liked. I now enter a room looking for people I may like rather than for those who will like me. There are people who change their demeanor between regular people and professional people. Just try to be who you are consistently and let those closest to you see your best, along with those you work with. People around you should not be the cause of change in your personal character.”
“What I like about the trees is their serenity. They're not a generation in a hurry.”
“What I think is not necessarily, what I feel and what I feel is not necessarily, what I think.”
“What I want is so simple I almost can't say it: elementary kindness.”
“What I'm not sure about, is if our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time.”
“What I've learnt - to my cost - on several occasions in my life, is that people will put up with all manner of bad behaviour so long as you're giving them what they want. They'll laugh and get into it and enjoy the anecdotes and the craziness and the mayhem as long as you're going your job well, but the minute you're not, you're fucked. They'll wipe their hands of you without a second glance.”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“What a pity that life robs the rich of its beauty, and what’s worse, entices them with its ugliness.”
“What a strange thing! to be alive beneath cherry blossoms.”
“What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.”
“What about the pain? How did you got rid of it? Darling, in this world, there's no salvation from pain.”
“What about the rest of your life?" She shrugged. "What about it?" "Aren't you worried about, like, forever?" "Forever is composed of nows," she says.”
“What are you doing extra? That's what counts. That's when you're working hard - when you're going above and over what's expected of you" (102). - Tony Gonzalez, "The Giant Within”
“What can a soldier do when mercy is treason, and he is alone in it?”
“What can be more gorgeous than the sunlight streaming through the flowers? Glowworm crawling among the fallen leaves at night, or an act of random kindness, perhaps.”
“What changes a life is not simply learning more, though education is important. What changes a life is making decisions -- the best decisions you can make -- and acting on them.”
“What could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it”
“What did a happy ending even mean in real life, anyway? In stories you simply said, 'They lived happily ever after,' and that was it. But in real life people had to keep on living, day after day, year after year.”
“What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want? Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you can't plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don't happen? Do you spend your whole life pining for them? Waiting to be happy?”
“What difference does a New Year make but for the change of the calendar”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.”
“What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
“What do we owe the people who grew us up, who first made up our entire world? It's complicated for the kids of immigrants. I'm not talking about the usual "my parents don't understand" thing. My parents believe in the power of choice, and they never asked me to sacrifice my dreams for theirs. Yet I feel like I should anyway. Where does this feeling come from? Is it just loyalty and strong family ties? Is it because, as part of a marginalized community, we all had to stick together to survive, and that sort of experience tends to become habit? Maybe it's about guilt. We are kids who benefited from the sacrifices our parents made when they decided to move to a richer, safer country. If we then grow up to grow apart, have we become ungrateful villains?”
“What do you most value in your friends? Their continued existence.”
“What do you say when you feel your life is taken right from your chest, even though I miraculously find myself still breathing?”
“What else are pride, greed and such but money’s minions?”
“What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so.”
“What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.”
“What habits you adopt on your ordinary days determines what you can achieve on your extraordinary days.”
“What had human beings become? Did war make us evil or just activate an evil already lurking within us?”
“What happens when people open their hearts? - They get better.”
“What has been seen cannot be unseen, what has been learned cannot be unknown. You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. You can grow from it. You can be made stronger. You can use that strength to change your life, to change your future.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“What if I mess up?" "Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me." "What's that?" "Stay alive long enough to mess up again.”
“What if I'm in charge of my own damn light switch?”
“What if her heart had hardened so much that she closed herself off in order to survive?”
“What if it's the there and not the here that I long for? The wander and not the wait, the magic in the lost feet stumbling down the faraway street and the way the moon never hangs quite the same.”
“What if life could be this way? Only the happy parts, none of the terrible, not even the mildly unpleasant. What if we could just cut out the bad and keep the good? This is what I want to do with Violet - give her only the good, keep away the bad, so that good is all we ever have around us.”
“What is Life? But a fleeting moment of a passing dream, a dream that flows too swiftly, nimble and calm, yet all but a moment's walk, a mad jest of a thousand voices finding a harmony in a conundrum of Time. Finding calm in chaos, for a mind that never rests. Smoky nights in the lull of rainy reflection.”
“What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for dying.”
“What is dance but a dose of stability, for it restores the balance of calm and chaos beneath.”
“What is evil? Killing is evil, lying is evil, slandering is evil, abuse is evil, gossip is evil, envy is evil, hatred is evil, to cling to false doctrine is evil; all these things are evil. And what is the root of evil? Desire is the root of evil, illusion is the root of evil.”
“What is the call of your soul? What does it want? Your soul wants to be happy. Knowingly or unknowingly that is what you are working for, to make your soul happy.”
“What is the point of you? What is your worth? And by worth I am not talking about your financial value, I am talking about something much more significant than that. So, I ask again - what is your worth? And you won't find the answer in any scripture or church - you won't find it even in this book. Because no external power can give you the answer to something so incredibly existential in nature. If you want to know your worth, ask yourself, what are you without your bank account. The worth of a person lies in character. The same goes for a nation and the same goes for a world. Therefore, a nation's worth lies not in the value of its currency, but in the character of its people. And it all begins with the individual - it all begins with you. Your character holds not just the worth of your own life, but that of the lives of your people as well. So, feel like it's the feeling of your society and act like it's the action of your society. But mark you, here I do not mean, feeling and acting like the society, rather, I am asking you to feel, think and act as an original, brave and conscientious human being, so that you become the very emblem of humanhood in front of others, for them to draw their life’s inspiration from. Doing what the society wants, makes you a second hand human - wanting the society to do what you want, makes you a narcissistic bigot - but being an embodiment of humanhood without any expectation from others, is what makes you a sentient human.”
“What is the truth, but a disguised lie! His slogan, which he has always worked with; as it has no meaning in this world, rather it does not exist, everything is relative, so what is for me an irrefutable truth may be for others just an illusion. Each sees from his angle and according to the amount of data that his mind receives from the surrounding environment, and the result that the mentality deduced from linking and analyzing these data, is the truth then. What if we have the ability to manipulate the data? Then the truth becomes in our hands as a piece of dough, we shape it as we like, and sometimes, out of the perfection of the lie, when the truth appears, no one believes it. If the truth suits the desires and orientations of the mind, then it becomes your help to its owner, a loyal and obedient soldier in your hands, and whenever you whip it with many details, it decides to ignore them, and under pressure it will fill the gaps with the invented story on his own occurred. Good suspicion, misunderstanding, complicated matter, forgetfulness, trust, are all tools and justifications to bridge these gaps, then it realizes that its salvation from this torment is by believing the generalities of what it sees, and the conclusion, the final, is the truth. But before confronting Satan with its greatest weapon, you must first whip your mind, have it at your command, then you will be able to weave the greatest truth, not subject to criticism, nor denial from the angle that the victim sees.”
“What is this sensation of movements that every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
“What it means to be authentic: - to be more concerned with truth than opinions - to be sincere and not pretend - to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk" - to know who you are and to be that person - to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities - being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself - being awake to your own feelings - being free from others' opinions of you - accepting and loving yourself”
“What it taught me was forgiveness. It taught me that when people present themselves in a certain way, there's probably some back story or issue or reason for the way that they are. It's not you. It's them. And a lot of times, its about something that's completely out of their control”
“What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.”
“What kind of life can you have in a house without books?”
“What looks like garbage from one angle might be art from another. Maybe it did take a crisis to get to know yourself; maybe you needed to get whacked hard by life before you understood what you wanted out of it.”
“What made me run away was doubtless not so much the fear of settling down, but of settling down permanently in something ugly.”
“What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys? I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes.”
“What makes earth feel like hell is our expectation that it should feel like heaven.”
“What makes horse riders win the race is their ability to focus on where they are going. What makes leaders win is their ability to focus on the task at hand.”
“What makes people tick? Life can be a trap of ennui, but imagery may be a redemptive escape from dullness. The iconic power and exuberance of images generate an inexorable addiction that needs to be gratified without respite. Here and now! ("Give me more images")”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“What others view as setbacks, Firestarters see as opportunities to learn and grow more.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“What river can flood over the mountains of your love?”
“What science does not understand is called psychology, what psychology does not understand is called religion, what religion does not understand is called spirituality, what spirituality does not understand is called creation, what creation does not understand is called life, what life does not understand is called the death. There is nothing that the death does not understand—simply, it is an ultimate end of life.”
“What should i write about her. My pen knows her better than me.”
“What strange phenomena we find in a great city, all we need do is stroll about with our eyes open. Life swarms with innocent monsters.”
“What was the point of even having a conversation when words couldn't be trusted?”
“What we like to think of ourselves and what we really are rarely have much in common .”
“What we must ask ourselves and our schools is what is the purpose of school? In their book, The FourthTurning, Strouss & Howe, remind us of the historical fact that we repeat history. That means that for the next generation we live in an entrepreneurial universe. If we, by that I mean, our schools aren't teaching those skills that an entrepreneur requires to succeed what use are they?”
“What were you before you met me?" "I think I was drowning" "And what are you now?" "Water”
“What will be left of all the fearing and wanting associated with your problematic life situation that every day takes up most of your attention? A dash, one or two inches long, between the date of birth and date of death on your gravestone.”
“What will remain is neither you nor me but what we shared among each others.”
“What would come, would come and you would have to meet it, when it did.”
“What you accept is what will enter; You become what you feed your soul.”
“What you do doesn't frighten your enemies as much as what you are.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“What your mama always say? If you not good person, you're nothing. Nothing.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“What's left unsaid may mean more than what's said.”
“What's up with you? How come you're being like this?' Because it's the truth. This is the world we live in.”
“What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more'   Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.”
“Whatever books we read, we should always be aware because they may begin to speak to us initially and then read us gradually.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Whatever excites you whatever calls you whatever fills you with a desire to make that is the place to begin; art will meet you there.”
“Whatever experience you go through is necessary for you to know exactly how things are.”
“Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighbourhood of despair. Even when all doors remain closed, God wil open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that has been denied.”
“Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched ”
“Whatever is going to happen will happen, whether we worry or not.”
“Whatever some people might say, it seems to me that a world in which I can fly, bend space and time, and meet with people who have been dead for years, deserves more consideration than it gets. If I weigh the waking world on one side of the scale and the dream world on the other, which one is more substantial? Doesn’t a world of endless possibilities seem more likely to contain the whole of our lives than the fraction of the world that we call real?”
“Whatever word or action you send to the Universe, you’ll receive it back. Choose wisely.”
“Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.”
“Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.”
“Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.”
“What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?”
“What’s it going to be? A life of time, or the time of your life? You decide.”
“When Christ was crucified on the cross, He came across men and women who did what was gross. Yet He chose to forgive them and soldiered on. That is the whole point. Christ wanted to teach us that to be true victors, we must overcome the shallowness of unforgiveness.”
“When God calls you into His Kingdom, your way of life will reflect royalty if you serve Him with loyalty.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“When Great Trees Fall When great trees fall, rocks on distant hills shudder, lions hunker down in tall grasses, and even elephants lumber after safety. When great trees fall in forests, small things recoil into silence, their senses eroded beyond fear. When great souls die, the air around us becomes light, rare, sterile. We breathe, briefly. Our eyes, briefly, see with a hurtful clarity. Our memory, suddenly sharpened, examines, gnaws on kind words unsaid, promised walks never taken. Great souls die and our reality, bound to them, takes leave of us. Our souls, dependent upon their nurture, now shrink, wizened. Our minds, formed and informed by their radiance, fall away. We are not so much maddened as reduced to the unutterable ignorance of dark, cold caves. And when great souls die, after a period peace blooms, slowly and always irregularly. Spaces fill with a kind of soothing electric vibration. Our senses, restored, never to be the same, whisper to us. They existed. They existed. We can be. Be and be better. For they existed.”
“When I Say Yes To Someone, It Is Not Permanent But When I Say No To Someone, It Is Permanent.”
“When I accepted rejection, I realized how easy it is to be ok with some people not liking you. It's not a shame.”
“When I bring my lunch from home, I save both money and calories”
“When I close my eyes, I see more. And in my silence, I hear myself more. Well, it’s all right, as I understand more.”
“When I explored my deeper mind, I could understand that my life is only an illusion, an apparent reality”
“When I look at my old pictures, all I can see is what I used to be but am no longer. I think: What I can see is what I am not.”
“When I look in the mirror, I know I’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all.”
“When I lost my sight, Werner, people said I was brave. When my father left, people said I was brave. But it is not bravery; I have no choice. I wake up and live my life. Don't you do the same?”
“When I pretended to be precocious, people started the rumor that I was precocious. When I acted like an idler, rumor had it I was an idler. When I pretended I couldn't write a novel, people said I couldn't write. When I acted like a liar, they called me a liar. When I acted like a rich man, they started the rumor I was rich. When I feigned indifference, they classed me as the indifferent type. But when I inadvertently groaned because I was really in pain, they started the rumor that I was faking suffering. The world is out of joint.”
“When I take my eyes off the goal, I can only see the obstacles”
“When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.”
“When I was a kid I loved wall paper it added a lot of fiber to my paint chips.”
“When I was a kid, I had a passion too. It was poetry but I knew becoming a poet wouldn’t put food on the table. The fact that I couldn’t do anything about it made me miserable. It made me despise the world. It made me despise life.”
“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”
“When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.”
“When I was young, I forgot how to laugh in the cave of Trophonius; when I was older, I opened my eyes and beheld reality, at which I began to laugh, and since then, I have not stopped laughing. I saw that the meaning of life was to secure a livelihood, and that its goal was to attain a high position; that love’s rich dream was marriage with an heiress; that friendship’s blessing was help in financial difficulties; that wisdom was what the majority assumed it to be; that enthusiasm consisted in making a speech; that it was courage to risk the loss of ten dollars; that kindness consisted in saying, “You are welcome,” at the dinner table; that piety consisted in going to communion once a year. This I saw, and I laughed.”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden ”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden”
“When a broken heart heals, it becomes stronger than anything in the world.”
“When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.”
“When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.”
“When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.”
“When a problem exists, great leaders do not just speak about it. They seek proper solutions to tackle that problem.”
“When a ship gets wrecked, I have a sense it is going to be able to make it to the shore.”
“When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.”
“When a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.”
“When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.”
“When all are eager for the sun to rise, I grab the night and conjure up dawn. Leave no corner of mindland unharvested, Struggle isn't over till gloom turns to morn.”
“When all else fails, there's always delusion.”
“When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh.”
“When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.”
“When answering life's big questions, it doesn’t even matter what you say your answers are; what matters is what you do.”
“When blowing out someone’s candle you risk blowing out your own.”
“When brain stops, When heart stops, What is left of you? When eyes fail, When memory fails, What is left of you? When your last molecule has merged with nature, What is left of you? That's what you've really achieved - Testament to the fact that, there ever was a you.”
“When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.”
“When desire and responsibilities collide, love is judged by those who undervalue your needs and those who know you need protection from what you crave.”
“When does this happen! What about your conscious mind, your brain, which shows you the truth at its own whims, ignores the data of the senses as it wants, and interprets it as it wants, enslaves you, colonizes you, marginalizes yourself and your truth, to survive in the body and enjoy. -How does he do it? Do you need me to tell you? After we agreed, my friend, that physical and psychological torment makes you imagine things that do not exist, contrary to the truth, and who is the one who controls the transmission of nerve signals for pain? Who controls the hormones and secretion of those that control your psychological state? Who is capable of subjecting you to the worst kinds of physical and psychological torment, to make you think that the bird is a leaf, who has the full power to do this to you? If I had a description then, it would not be more accurate than the weapon of your subconscious mind, with which it fights that devil in your head, its way to answer, find me, arrange my whole life, so that it can transcend your brain’s control over you.”
“When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.”
“When exploring, read the warning signs: figuratively and literally.”
“When fiction has become reality, life may turn into a fairy tale or a firestorm. Tina, time has come to pull up one’s socks and start relearning and reassessing living. ("Another empty room")”
“When forever becomes a place when forever ceases to be just a word… when it ceases to be just a measurement of time…but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts  that is a reflection of true love.”
“When going through hard times, hold on tight until you overcome. With perseverance and God on your side, things will get better. Never give up on yourself, no matter how hard life becomes. One day, you will be fine.”
“When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.”
“When great leaders look at problems, they see opportunities to provide solutions. Not just for their benefit but for the sake of those who follow them.”
“When hope is extinguished, boredom and despair set in. Therefore, it would be wise to guard against these latter attributes.”
“When humans were young, they were pushed around in strollers. When they were old, they were pushed around in wheelchairs. In between, they were just pushed around.”
“When illness and old age are no longer indulgent and strength is irrevocably seeping away, brightness fades insidiously away from the light of the day and time only betrays reckless evanescence. (“Into a new life”)”
“When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”
“When in the trance of dance you lose track of time, each moment equals to an eon of smiles.”
“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”
“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”
“When it comes to life, you've two options; Live it or Leave it.”
“When it comes to love and happiness, don't compare your real life experiences to someone else's seemingly perfect well-crafted social media posts.”
“When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!”
“When it comes to taking care of yourself, don't play games! You are valuable, irreplaceable, and no one can take that away from you. Make sure you don't deprive yourself of your needs and wants-you deserve the same love and respect that you give to others.”
“When it hurts, observe, life is trying to teach you something.”
“When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can choose to hate the rain or dance in it.”
“When it was over, she gathered him in her arms. And told him the terrible irony of her life. That she had wanted to be dead all those years while her brother had been alive. That had been her sin. And this was her penance. Wanting to live when everyone else seemed dead.”
“When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms. When it is over, I don't want to wonder if I have made of my life something particular, and real. I don't want to find myself sighing and frightened, or full of argument. I don't want to end up simply having visited this world.”
“When leaders are as passionate about service provision as they are about being elected into office, service provision is bound to improve.”
“When leaders are determined to do their best, the lives of their followers become better.”
“When leaders are great, those who follow them are also inspired to be great.”
“When leaders decide to be selfless, they effortlessly solve societal problems.”
“When leaders excel in their positions, they often exceed the expectations of their followers.”
“When leaders protect their nations, those nations prosper.”
“When leaders put more effort into changing lives, they will succeed because successful leadership is all about transformation.”
“When leaders stand firmly for what they believe in, they persuade their followers to stand with them.”
“When leaders succeed in helping communities, they should be given a chance to transfer those leadership skills to others.”
“When leaders succeed in their leadership roles, they must be applauded for making progress.”
“When leaders take their positions, even where there is opposition, they will not be deterred from being useful in their positions.”
“When leaders work hand in hand, they will be able to stand when challenges occur.”
“When life brings you full circle, pay attention. There's a lesson there.”
“When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.”
“When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do? . . . Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.”
“When life gives you a lemon, chuck it right back . and add a few lemons of your own.”
“When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.”
“When life gives you lemons, forget the lemonade. Make a lemon chicken and a rich lemon cheesecake. Blame life for the extra pounds.”
“When life hands you dirt plant seeds.”
“When life hands you lemons say, "Lemons? What else have you got?" - bumper sticker”
“When life is bitter, death is sweet.”
“When life makes you sad; And it's the worst you've ever had. Remember - life also gives its best lessons, When your time is terribly bad.”
“When life pressures down, make sure you are not buried but planted. Become .”
“When life seems hard, work hard to overcome those hardships. Yes, it may take a while for the breakthroughs to come to pass, but when you do what you must and do it right, one day you will be super proud.”
“When living is too sweet and swanky, it may be very hard to appreciate the simplest things in life. (“Is that all there is?”)”
“When luxurious things are accessible at discount, Don’t buy. It will eschew you from repentance.”
“When man takes a good look and understands that everyone is engaged only in their own welfare, then he alone well starts engaging himself with full of interest to take his life to a higher and better level.”
“When my breath stops. I really don’t care if you bury me or burn me but fire a thousand bullets”.”
“When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.”
“When nothing is sure, everything is possible.”
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”
“When one has come to explore the ' instant moment ' and one has chosen to savor the delights of life, which are hidden behind the curtain of haste and superficiality, then ' mental time ' is replacing ' sequential time '. So ' here ' and ' now ' are keeping hustle and impatience in check. (" Just for a moment ")”
“When other people’s lives are flourishing but yours is not, do not give up. Not all flowers bloom at the same time. Like a flower that blooms in summer, you will flourish if you persevere during the dry seasons of life.”
“When our daily lives focus more on the getting than the giving; we get less love and give more hate.”
“When our mental functioning is whittling away and our mind becomes a lame duck, perception does not form the context anymore and all connections on the social chessboard are conked out. Only patience and endurance may draw us out of the quagmire of numbness and allow us to tear open the cloudy screen that is hiding our points of ‘interest’ and ‘attention’, so long as we focus on the ‘singular moments’ and the ‘appealing details’ in our life. Awareness can help us shape a comprehensive picture for a functional future. ("Lost the global story.")”
“When pain is inflicted on you, do not dwell in the self-inflicted misery of unforgiveness. Forgive!”
“When people are just drifting along the tides of life and can’t see the shores of reality anymore, they may experience someday the irresistible desire for a liberating burst, emerging deeply from the inner self and disentangling them from their manufactured pattern. That day might be a day of all possibilities and make them ready to hit the ground running. ("A change of vision" )”
“When people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them that the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the big bang, so there is no time for god to make the universe in. It’s like asking directions to the edge of the earth; The Earth is a sphere; it doesn’t have an edge; so looking for it is a futile exercise. We are each free to believe what we want, and it’s my view that the simplest explanation is; there is no god. No one created our universe,and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization; There is probably no heaven, and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that I am extremely grateful.”
“When people assume you are happy all the time, they never care about your unhappiness.”
“When people become prisoners of daily habits and happen to be hostages of choices, which they made in the past, but which they finally do not actually want, they experience the need to abandon their corporeal prison at a certain time in life. ( "Corporeal prison" )”
“When people lash at you with vitriol, show them that you are a victor. Forgive!”
“When people stop talking to you, they start talking about you.”
“When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.”
“When people try to pull you down, remember, they had to look up to do so.”
“When pride is at its peak, it becomes hard to forgive. Forgiveness and humility go hand in hand. Until you are humble, you will not forgive.”
“When questioning ourselves, we must identify, where we are heading to. Do we prefer our life to remain untitled. Will we stand bare and naked without dressing any expectations or do we decide to interact with the world around. Will we play a part on the stage of life or do we choose to remain simply a chapter without heading, an episode without caption, an untitled interval. ("Life untitled" )”
“When reaching for the stars, beware of those who want to cut off your hands.”
“When self-preservation is not applied with discernment, it becomes the Devil’s tool or we can choose to take a chance on people after applying the lessons taught by Adversity’s storms. Let our triggers teach us.”
“When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.”
“When someone can get away with doing evil things, it's scary. When they can get away with doing evil and convince you they aren't in the same breath? That's terrifying.”
“When someone is seeking,” said Siddartha, “It happens quite easily that he only sees the thing that he is seeking; that he is unable to find anything, unable to absorb anything, because he is only thinking of the thing he is seeking, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed with his goal. Seeking means: to have a goal; but finding means: to be free, to be receptive, to have no goal. You, O worthy one, are perhaps indeed a seeker, for in striving towards your goal, you do not see many things that are under your nose.”
“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”
“When someone points out something wrong. Instead of correcting it. We are choosing to compare it with other wrong things done before to justify it. That doesn’t make it right either. Instead, we are pointing two wrongs things that had been done that needs to be corrected. If something wrong was done by someone before and they got a way with it. It doesn’t justify you to do the wrong thing to. Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.”
“When someone you TRUST is revealed as your SABOTAGE, you can then understand the purpose of JUDAS ISCARIOT in the company of the 12 and the Kingdom of the Master.”
“When something goes wrong, there is a reason for it and then there is an explanation for it. Stay aware, don't confuse the two.”
“When terrible things have happened to you, sometimes the promise of something good can be just as frightening.”
“When the aristocracy catches a cold, the working class dies pneumonia.”
“When the brain becomes too tired, the mind stops decrypting the perceptions in our mental world and surrenders willingly to the unguarded moments of life. For some time, the safeguards of our thinking pattern weaken and discontinue the decoding of the chips of daily reality. The mind picks the instants which are above suspicion, pure and innocent. ("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )”
“When the chips are down, you are given the chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that’s how you roll.”
“When the door starts to creak it may be time to take it off the hinges. If things get rusted, life has to be called into question and matters re-evaluated. ( “In the doorway” )”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.”
“When the golden rabbit had safely emerged out of the forbidden passage, he pondered the direction back to his lair. “How can it be I don’t live where I used to live anymore? How can that be? Alright then….alright. What a strange dream…I feel as though I’ve been eaves dropping in tempo…but not in time!” The hare hopped off, humming passages from Miles Davis’ “Kind of Blue”.”
“When the green-eyed monster strikes, it’s how you use that feeling that will make all the difference. Don’t let it turn into envy—use it to power your fire! Find somebody who has what you desire and study their journey—don't judge them on their success, but learn from it.”
“When the knowledge was available free of cost, then the value of that knowledge was not seen, the wheel of life moved ahead and time left behind, then the value of that knowledge was understood.”
“When the leaves stop falling wasn't her time to die, it was your time to live.”
“When the legends die, the dreams end; there is no more greatness.”
“When the path you’re on is so unclear And your feet move stone by stone Just trust your faith will calm your fear And help your soul to find its home”
“When the rabbit turns and chases the wolf into the arms of the devil, the devil and rabbit become deadly alliances. Beware of the rabbit.”
“When the right people walk into your life, the right things start to happen.”
“When the road to your address in life is tough, you will need to roughly persist until you reach your destination.”
“When the situation is good, there will be a lot of crowd around, without being successful even stories do not come to the fore.”
“When the storm in your life deafens the voice of God, lean in closer; that's when He's whispering.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, “My life has just begun.”
“When there is a problem, a smart leader does not ignore it and hopes it goes away. He tackles it head-on because he knows that until it is solved, it will continue to exist.”
“When there is a problem, a smart leader does not ignore it and hopes it goes away. He tackles it head-on, because he knows that until it is solved, it will continue to exist.”
“When they killed him, Mother wouldn't hold her peace, so they slit her throat. I was stupid then, being only nine, and I fought to save them both. But the thorns held me tight. I've learned to appreciate thorns since. The thorns taught me the game. They let me understand what all those grim and serious men who've fought the Hundred War have yet to learn. You can only win the game when you understand that it IS a game. Let a man play chess, and tell him that every pawn is his friend. Let him think both bishops holy. Let him remember happy days in the shadows of his castles. Let him love his queen. Watch him loose them all.”
“When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.”
“When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.”
“When things go wrong, don't go with them.”
“When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.”
“When was it I realized that, on this truly dark and solitary path we all walk, the only way we can light is our own? Although I was raised with love, I was always lonely. Someday, without fail, everyone will disappear, scattered into the blackness of time.”
“When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”
“When we are smitten, we await love to be “remontant” and to be blooming over and over again”, like remontant roses, with blossoms scenting through all the seasons of life. Passion and patience are to be good allies, though.”
“When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.”
“When we begin to live like wildflowers, we put so much of our hearts into blossoming even in the most hostile surroundings.”
“When we fail to reflect on the undercurrents of the circumstances of our life, we may have permanent misgivings about the quality of our interpretations. A lucid reading of our acts and our desires helps us to avoid tumbling into a frustrating gap between what we expect and what others expect. (“Alors, tout a basculé”)”
“When we fail to set boundaries and hold people accountable, we feel used and mistreated. This is why we sometimes attack who they are, which is far more hurtful than addressing a behavior or a choice.”
“When we have faith and discipline everything becomes easier. Patience is the mother of all virtues. With anxiety all our lives become worse.”
“When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.”
“When we pray for forgiveness, we must not forget to forgive others in the process.”
“When we set out on the path, we always have a fairly clear idea of what we hope to find. Women are generally seeking their Soul Mate, and men looking for Power. Neither party is really interested in learning. They simply want to reach the thing they have set as their goal.”
“When we stake a claim to the needs and wants of our life, we may easily fail to live up to the standards of others. Empathy and connectedness, however, might bridge the gap, by stirring our consciousness of the sensitive queries and by assessing the intricate framework of our surroundings with their countless, prickly nitty-gritties. ("Absence of Desire")”
“When we stay locked up in the spectrum of unsolved life stories and keep hiding in an arcane prism, life remains a mystery behind perpetual tensions and a journey in a world beyond appearances. (“Une femme peut en cacher une autre")”
“When we trust our own gut and intuition things work out in greater flow.”
“When we're connected to others, we become better people.”
“When working on relationships, it’s not that the other person’s issues don’t exist, it’s just that ours are the only ones that we ever have any ability to fix.”
“When writing, there are some scenes that are emotionally overwhelming. They completely overcome the author, and only when they do this can they cause a similar reaction in the reader. Through this, the author gets to experience multiple lives. If a character's life flashes before their eyes, it flashes before the author's eyes too, and he or she remembers it as his or her own. With reading, we get to live other lives vicariously, and this is doubly so with writing. It is like a lucid dream, where we guide the outcome. In this, we don't merely write *about* a character -- we momentarily *become* them, and walk as they walk, think as they think, and do as they do. When we return to our own life, we might return a little shaken, likely a little stronger, hopefully a little wiser. What is certain is that we return better, because experiencing the lives of others makes us understand their aims and dreams, their fears and foils, the challenges and difficulties, and joys and triumphs, that they face. It helps us grow and empathise, and see all the little pictures that make up the bigger one we see from the omniscience of the narrator.”
“When wrong things were happening to me constantly; something right was also happening silently. I was slowly becoming who I am today.”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“When you are good person and you choose to do bad things, because you see other people doing them. It always ends badly for you. You will suffer the most, feel the pain , get injured & hurt the most. Choose to do what is right for you not what other people are doing.”
“When you are humble and simple, the entire world knocks on your door to bask in your light. But when you are too full of yourself, one after another you'll keep losing life's most priceless treasures - those that really matter.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“When you are measuring life, you are not living it.”
“When you are present, present is a gift - Oblivious to the present, present starts to drift.”
“When you are surrounded by those who make life easy, you will enjoy it. But in the company of those who complicate things, life will not be easy.”
“When you are weak, forgive. When you are broken, forgive. When you are betrayed, forgive. Forgiveness is the only way you can find strength and peace. Unforgiveness will cause you to relinquish power to the enemy.”
“When you argue with an idiot, there are two idiots.”
“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love  ”
“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!”
“When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. -Henny Youngman, comedian and violinist (1906-1998)”
“When you become acquainted with love you develop the feeling of hatred simultaneously. It's human nature to hate everything that comes in the way as a hurdle. I have made my life complicated once I learned to hate. It's the heaviest therefore hardest to let go!”
“When you become pure awareness and you just observe what “is” with your attention turned inward, and you really tap into that essence of pure consciousness.”
“When you can control your emotional thermostat, you give gratitude a place to stay.”
“When you can live forever what do you live for?”
“When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.”
“When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
“When you come to the end of your life, you return to the only real agenda you should have had from the beginning of your life: Your real lifelong agenda is not to live your short life well, but to seek a way with extraordinary effort to extend that short life!”
“When you compare the sorrows of real life to the pleasures of the imaginary one, you will never want to live again, only to dream forever.”
“When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.”
“When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?”
“When you do not forgive, you create a room in your heart to bear grudges. Grudges are like weed. Nothing good will ever grow when they are there.”
“When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.”
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”
“When you do wrong to the people who love you, it surely comes back to you.”
“When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.”
“When you don't understand something, you label it and condemn it" (94) - Danny Glover, "The Fundamental Things”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth  This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth This is why learning is a never-ending process.”
“When you embrace wisdom, it refines and redefines who you are in life.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“When you feel all alone and in the dark, never give up. When the time is right, life will grant you great rewards.”
“When you feel intolerable, leave that place immediately..”
“When you feel like you are falling into a void and all alone, the most effective thought to comfort you is this: 'This is just a temporary situation!”
“When you feel the pressure of life, a place dark and lonely, don’t give up, move, dance will come to your rescue.”
“When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.”
“When you forgive, it does not mean you have to go to the people who hurt you. It simply means you acknowledge the offence and do not want to live the rest of your life in the pain of unforgiveness.”
“When you forgive, you break free from the shackles of unforgiveness.”
“When you forgive, you transmit a signal to your brain which tells the heart to be happy.”
“When you forgive, you will find a way forward in life.”
“When you forgive, you will realize how good life can be.”
“When you get to a certain age you find that other people’s opinions don’t really matter anymore, and you get kind of uncomfortable with your place in modern life.”
“When you have nothing, you are open to limitless possibilities. You can be anything. You can do anything.”
“When you have that mindset that things are easy if you learn them, remember that learning is the shadow of hard work. Learning without hard work will not work.”
“When you help someone who doesn't need any help, you harm them more with your help.”
“When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.”
“When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.”
“When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.”
“When you learn to forgive those who maltreat you, you will feel good.”
“When you leave home to follow your dreams, your road will probably be riddled with potholes, not always paved in happy Technicolor bricks. You'll probably be kicked to the ground 150 million times and told you're nuts by friends and strangers alike. As you progress you may feel lonely or terrified for your physical and emotional safety. You may overestimate your own capabilities or fail to live up to them, and you'll surely fall flat on your face once in a while.”
“When you live life as a competiton, decisions may be rooted in fear. When you love life as it comes, decisions are based on ethos and the pursuit of happiness.”
“When you look back do you see yourself or a Mirage of your Self?”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“When you love someone too much, you become destructive to them.”
“When you make a choice, you change the future.”
“When you master the art of loving yourself and be content with your life, you have discovered your heaven.”
“When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem. Robert Greene rephrase: When you meet a swordsman, draw your sword. Do not recite poetry to one who is not a poet.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“When you opt to forgive, you will find your victory.”
“When you overcome all the obstacles that life puts in your way and start walking on a smooth path, a feeling of emptiness occurs rather than a feeling of relaxation and peace!”
“When you respect people more than they deserve, they stop respecting you.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.”
“When you run with the Doctor, it feels like it'll never end. But however hard you try you can't run forever. Everybody knows that everybody dies and nobody knows it like the Doctor. But I do think that all the skies of all the worlds might just turn dark if he ever for one moment, accepts it. Everybody knows that everybody dies. But not every day. Not today. Some days are special. Some days are so, so blessed. Some days, nobody dies at all. (In the library, the Doctor walks back to the TARDIS. He stops, looking at the doors. Then he raises his hand, and stands there poised like that for a long moment. Finally he snaps his fingers. The doors open. He smiles slowly and walks in, joining Donna. Then he snaps his fingers again, and the doors close. River's voice continues over this.) Now and then, every once in a very long while, every day in a million days, when the wind stands fair, and the Doctor comes to call  everybody lives.”
“When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".”
“When you see la vie en rose, la vie gives you roses.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“When you start to treat yourself better, you’ll be happier, and your life will automatically get better.”
“When you stay too long in a place, you forget just how big and expanse the world is. You get no sense of the length of those longitudes and latitudes”
“When you stop being afraid you feel good”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“When you take the right decision, it may not bring you a good fate because life changes so quickly that the right decision you made turns into a wrong decision even minutes later! The secret of a beautiful destiny is not only to make the right decision, but to make new right decisions as soon as the circumstances change!”
“When you talk without thinking, you talk shit”
“When you understand God’s grace, you will understand forgiveness, because you will realize that others need grace in the same way you do.”
“When you walk, walk together.”
“When you win, you often lose, that's just a fact. There's no currency to straighten a warped spirit, or open a closed heart, a selfish heart ”
“When you're down, remember your triumphs. [ ] Sometimes you get in trouble and crash. Other times: just a bumpy landing.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“When you're lost in those woods, it sometimes takes you a while to realize that you are lost. For the longest time, you can convince yourself that you've just wandered off the path, that you'll find your way back to the trailhead any moment now. Then night falls again and again, and you still have no idea where you are, and it's time to admit that you have bewildered yourself so far off the path that you don't even know from which direction the sun rises anymore.”
“When you're socially awkward, you're isolated more than usual, and when you're isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done. All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it. One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible. Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages.”
“When you're the most happening person at the party, it's time to leave”
“When your chance comes, don’t miss it. When it comes, you can’t go idly doing the same things you’ve always done. Be bold, and try seizing your chance by doing sometimes completely different. If you do that, your dissatisfaction will disappear, and you be able to walk down a new path.”
“When your heart is broken you plant seeds in the cracks and you pray for rain. And you teach your sons and daughters there are sharks in the water but the only way to survive is to breathe deep and dive.”
“When your strength is Allah, your strength never ends.”
“When your whole foundation fractured well past the point of repair, all you could do was glue the pathetic, jagged shards of your life back together and try not to bleed on them.”
“When you’re given an opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn’t give things, you take things. If you learn one thing from me, it should probably be that.”
“When you’re too tired and feel like giving up on life, sit down and ponder over the journey of water.”
“Whenever life hits me, I may bend like a nail but never break.”
“Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.”
“Whenever you read a cancer booklet or website or whatever, they always list depression among the side effects of cancer. But, in fact, depression is not a side effect of cancer. Depression is a side effect of dying.”
“Where I will find peace other than in oblivion?”
“Where is his room?' she whispered. 'Up there, I think' replied April. Let's follow the toys.”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“Where leaders are willing to solve major problems, major development programs succeed.”
“Where there is a leader, there will always be problems that need solutions. A great leader does not sit around and not solve problems. He faces them head-on.”
“Where there is an obstruction to forgiveness, the enemy succeeds in the mission of destruction.”
“Where there is love there is life.”
“Where there is no forgiveness, there is no self-improvement.”
“Where would they be without each other to hold, to cling onto when the other was falling? Who else would grab and pull the hand of the other who was slipping down a dark hole, with no one else to understand them?”
“Where you are at this moment is the result of your thoughts throughout your life.”
“Where you come from is gone, where you thought you were going to was never there, and where you are is no good unless you can get away from it. Where is there a place for you to be? No place  Nothing outside you can give you any place  In yourself right now is all the place you've got.”
“Where'd the days go, when all we did was play? And the stress that we were under wasn't stress at all just a run and a jump into a harmless fall”
“Wherever I was, I was happy. At peace. I knew that everyone I cared about was all right. I knew it. Time didn't mean anything, nothing had form but I was still me, you know? And I was warm and I was loved and I was finished. Complete. I don't understand about theology or dimensions, or any of it, really but I think I was in heaven. And now I'm not. I was torn out of there. Pulled out by my friends. Everything here is hard, and bright, and violent. Everything I feel, everything I touch this is hell. Just getting through the next moment, and the one after that knowing what I've lost ”
“Wherever we are, we want to be somewhere else.”
“Whether at age 33, 53 or 73, you are never too old to own your first pair of Nike Airforce one shoes.”
“Whether we fall by ambition, blood, or lust Like diamonds we are cut with our own dust”
“Whether we like it or not, modern ways are going to alter and in part destroy traditional customs and values.”
“Whether we like it or not, the one justification for the existence of all religions is death, they need death as much as we need bread to eat.”
“Whether you are too strong or too weak, everyone in this universe seeks a safe port; the only difference between people is to take shelter in different ports!”
“Whether you are unhappy, purposeless, or just unsatisfied with where you are in the moment, you have hope as happiness is a learned emotion.”
“Whether you exist or not, brave or weak, life goes on.”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance all are equals.”
“Which is easier, to forgive even when it is not easy, or not to forgive at the expense of your peace? Take time to think about this and prioritise better results for your life.”
“Which is the true nightmare, the horrific dream that you have in your sleep or the dissatisfied reality that awaits you when you awake?”
“While it is great to have equal opportunities in life, it is equally important to use those opportunities to make a difference in other people's lives.”
“While on a left-turning road, stop your vehicle, get out of the vehicle, start walking to the right! Surprise life, because life is sure that you will turn left! And when you surprise life, life sees something different in you! What is that different thing? It is the power and ability to change the direction of your life in an instant without fear, and life appreciates those who can do it!”
“While there's life, there's hope.”
“While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.”
“Who are you to judge the life I live? I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers  make sure you hands are clean!”
“Who are you? Are you in touch with all of your darkest fantasies? Have you created a life for yourself where you can experience them? I have. I am fucking crazy. But I am free.”
“Who can separate race from religion and religion from race, considering that any religion must inherit the culture and traditions of its founder?”
“Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.”
“Who says life is fair, where is that written?”
“Who would have guessed that four minutes could change everything?”
“Whoever debases others is debasing himself.”
“Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism.”
“Whoever said that the past isn't dead had it backward. It's the future that's already dead, already played out.”
“Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.”
“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
“Why I joined Temple!" Lah would say. "Tea, nice music, decent architecture!" "And the devotion of your life to awe, gratitude, compassion, and respect?" "Yes yes yes - all that stuff too.”
“Why Not You? Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you? Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you? Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you? Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you? Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you? Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you? Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you? Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you? Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you? Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you? Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you? Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you? Today is a new day! Many will seize this day. Many will live it to the fullest. Why not you?”
“Why are we always drawn back to the past? And why do we always end up letting it ruin the present?”
“Why are women forced to wear a bra anyway? I miss old African days whereby we could roam our land with our breasts free. The world has mastered the best ways of suffocating a Woman. It's heartbreaking.”
“Why are you expecting different answers by knocking at the same door?”
“Why are you fighting me, to accept you the way you are ? When you are faking, acting and pretending the way you are to me.”
“Why be shy, have no fear of the response, even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out.”
“Why can’t the world hear? I ask myself. Within a few moments I ask it many times. Because it doesn’t care, I finally answer, and I know I’m right. It’s like I’ve been chosen. But chosen for what? I ask.”
“Why can’t we close our minds tonight and open our hearts in the morning? Why can’t we stumble freely into an open space and stabilize ourselves with our vulnerability? Why can’t we drop our hoodies on our shoulders and worry only about the uniform air that we breathe? Let’s all take the next swipe with our middle finger and displace the cardinal system from being the warden for our NEWS! Poem - IN MOTION, from EvolutionR. December 9, 2022.”
“Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory.”
“Why did this keep happening? Why her? Perhaps there was some pheromone certain people omitted, perceivable only on a wavelength unique to those individuals who preyed on them.”
“Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.”
“Why do some people continue loving, even those who suffocate them?”
“Why do they always teach us that it's easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It's the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage. I mean, what we really want.”
“Why do you occupy your mind about me, because I am about me? Do not concern me. Relax yourself by interfering in the affairs of others”
“Why is choosing Folly to Understand cries the Boy", Its an old's Man's Gag said the older Brother".”
“Why is life hard on some while being soft on others? It would appear as if it feels a monotonous regimen would bore people to death, thereby bringing the creation to an unintended end. So, for the larger good of mankind, it could be constrained to contrive individual inequities to keep alive the general interest in it. Wonder how it prepares the black list for the fate to act upon! As all are dear to it were it not possible that blindfolded, it would go in for random selection with a sinking heart! And once fate gets hold of life’s blacklist, won’t weddings come in handy for it to impart misery in many wrong permutations and provide bliss in a few right combinations!”
“Why is life so difficult? Why can’t we be just ourselves and have everyone accept us the way we are?”
“Why is that something parents always want for their kids? For them to “figure” out their life? Why can’t we just go through trial and error as the years pass, never really figuring out anything, but just going with the ebbs and flows of life?”
“Why is there a sadness in me that does not go away? Asking myself many times I have found no answer ”
“Why not grab life by the shoulders and not give too much of a damn about it?”
“Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?”
“Why settle for a lesser vision? When you are destiny for greatness!”
“Why, what is to live? Not to eat and drink and breathe,—but to feel the life in you down all the fibres of being, passionately and joyfully.”
“Wildflower; pick up your pretty little head, It will get easier, your dreams are not dead.”
“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.”
“Winning gives you confidence! So learn to celebrate your ‘little’ successes.”
“Wisdom arrives from experience, collected over many years of living, it accumulates and situates itself in the weathered hands and faces of those who have amassed it over their arduous decades of existence. It presents itself in the wrinkles of a forehead, in droopy cheeks and deep within the iris of smoldering, sunken eyes. Wisdom shows itself in the very thing we fear the most, age.”
“Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.”
“Wisdom is having things right in your life and knowing why.”
“Wisdom is knowing I am nothing, Love is knowing I am everything, and between the two my life moves.”
“Wisdom is required not for immortality, but for recreation”
“Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.”
“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”
“Wisdom is the torch of the present and the future, while knowledge will always shine a light on the past events.”
“Wisdom will make you more alive than ignorance. Because the ignorant is no better than the dead.”
“Wise leaders heed lessons from great people and share those lessons with others.”
“Wise leaders learn how to lead and teach others how to do so, because they know that leadership is a lifelong learning process.”
“Wise people choose silence. Kind people choose to answer.”
“Wishing for continuous pleasure without pain is like having a life without death; which will prove impossible at the end of the day.”
“Wishing to be enchanting like a flower that spreads fragrance and delighting in its life even though it's life is short.”
“With age comes acumen. With experience comes insight.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits and consequences.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits, and consequences.”
“With experience, you start responding better to life troubles.”
“With positive thoughts we can soar, And open up infinite doors, With negative thoughts we can stall, And create a life so small.”
“With some people, distance feels magical, and closeness feels suffocating.”
“With the passing of someone whom you loved and have lived with for many years, time will not heal the grief; it shall only alleviate the pain. And the fortunate, may learn to imitate the existence of a normal life.”
“With the presence of the land comes the importance of history and the subject of geography.”
“Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has no significance or hope.”
“Without a purpose in life, happiness will be so difficult to be reached.”
“Without acknowledging the ever-present gaze of death, the superficial will appear important, and the important will appear superficial.”
“Without fear, we become unstoppable in our endeavours.”
“Without heart there is little content and much discontent.”
“Without music, life would be a blank to me.”
“Without spiritual self-renewal, it is extremely difficult to live within each moment. Without spiritual self-renewal, we live with the ghosts of the past and carry them with us to the future, effectively robbing ourselves of the present and never fulfilling our destiny and purpose.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“Without trust, the life of a relationship is short.”
“Woman is not like a flower Woman is not like Moon Woman is not like stars Woman is not like ocean or river She is like you human being with soul, feelings, emotions, choices, decisions, self-respect so respect her in that way”
“Womanhood is a wonderful thing. In womankind we find the mothers of the race.There is no man so great, nor none sunk so low, but once he lay a helpless, innocent babe in a woman's arms and was dependent on her love and care for his existence. It is woman who rocks the cradle of the world and holds the first affections of mankind. She possesses a power beyond that of a king on his throne.  Womanhood stands for all that is pure and clean and noble. She who does not make the world better for having lived in it has failed to be all that a woman should be.”
“Women are the cradles of life. What sort of man tries to break a cradle (Marc)”
“Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.”
“Women, they have minds, and they have souls, as well as just hearts. And they’ve got ambition, and they’ve got talent, as well as just beauty. I’m so sick of people saying that love is all a woman is fit for.”
“Words are like eggs dropped from great heights. You can't ever put the pieces back together after they hit home.”
“Words are oxygen to the brain.”
“Words can cause deep wounds; choose them wisely.”
“Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.”
“Work should be about finding the daily lesson in one's self as well as providing one's daily bread.”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more ”
“Working together as a team helps build a cohesive organization.”
“World you won the war against a man but lost the war against his ideology, he is still alive with different names in many faces”
“Worry is the darkroom in which negatives can develop.”
“Worry is the only CURRENCY that steals your total dependence on God, it is the transaction that leaves you in a debt called DEFEAT; it is the broken wall that keeps you defenseless against your enemies.”
“Worship is unto God as the Word of God is unto man.”
“Worst situations are best time to judge yourselves..”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“Would you like to know your future? If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator. So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
“Would you not be happier if you tried to forget her severity, together with the passionate emotions it excited? Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs." - Helen Burns”
“Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?”
“Writing does not make me rich, but I am enriched every day I write.”
“Writing is a form of therapy; sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose, or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.”
“Writing like this is a little like milking a cow: the milk is so rich and delicious, and the cow is so glad you did it.”
“Writing makes you relieve the moments. The happy ones and the sad ones too.”
“YOU FEAR TO DIE? "It's not that I don't want  I mean, I've always it's just that life is a habit that's hard to break ”
“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise embrace the entity of yourself you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”
“Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.”
“Yeah, I was lame but I never stopped walking.”
“Yeah, sometimes life really sucks," she says. "But you know what I'm holding on for?" I raise my eyebrows. She raises hers, too, mimicking me. "The moments that don't suck," she says. "The trick is to notice them when they come around.”
“Yearn for forgiveness. Do not give bitterness any residence in your heart, regardless.”
“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”
“Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!”
“Yes, life is walking in a limited amount of time: if you walk fast you will experience a lot, if you walk slow you will experience little!”
“Yes, to heal the pain, We must feel it.”
“Yes, we live, or we're given the chance to, at least, but sometimes living is hard and complicated because of fear.”
“Yesterday was a closed book, tomorrow, however, was another story.”
“Yesterday was surreal. At times K was almost back to herself…funny…interested and relatively mobile. She was tactile and we kissed…she whispered naughty comments into my ear…achingly beautiful…I love her so much”
“Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed, and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and now.”
“Yet, even amidst the hatred and carnage, life is still worth living. It is possible for wonderful encounters and beautiful things to exist.”
“Yet, the work was not complete. Next, citing Bond’s veranda and our subsequent construction of it as an example, Sanjit elaborated on the thought which he had previously teased, but not fully explained: that when a reader reads, the reader constructs a setting and world and is able to view themselves through this world. However, he also added that when we read, we are not only able to see our constructed world, but to evaluate our constructed world. This is how, Sanjit would argue, we influence and better ourselves, even if unintentionally; for by pausing and analyzing our constructions we may be able to identify our assumptions about people, places, or things. And it is in this way that books may be an expressed form of art, not just for the writer, but also for the reader.”
“Yeu only live once. No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“You Don't need anyone to live a full life, You just need to find yourself!”
“You always have to look behind for your foots marks.”
“You always lose a lot of money chasing after women, but you will never lose a lot of women chasing after money”
“You always meet two kinds of people in life: People who make your window bigger and bring more light to you, and those who make your window smaller and dim your light! Know that the people in the second group are outnumbered and stay away from them!”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“You are -- your life, and nothing else.”
“You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.”
“You are a sum product of every thought you've ever had, every belief you've ever held, and every decision you have ever taken. Don't be fooled; whatever's going on in your mind at this very moment is either hindering you or advancing your progress. Take care of your thoughts.”
“You are always a little bit wrong”
“You are always a young magician with your own methods of creating your own world .”
“You are as important to someone as they show you.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“You are greatly blessed. You do not have to walk around holding onto a grudge. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“You are here, alive and awake and for whatever reasons you have fought your battles, it's time to start focusing on what strengths pulled you up when the entire world had knocked you down. That's where the virtue in self grows.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.”
“You are irreplaceable only till they don't replace you.”
“You are never a mistake, you are never unloved, you are never really alone; the God of the universe gives you purpose, never believe otherwise.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“You are never too insignificant to make a difference.”
“You are no richer than what you carry in your mind, no stronger than what you hold in your heart, and no purer than what you harbor in your soul.”
“You are not forced to forgive, but if you love yourself, you will compel yourself to forgive.”
“You are not guilty about someone else progressing, you are guilty about not moving enough.”
“You are not here to suffer in the dreams of others, Embrace your present and value your passion, If not you then who can be the best version of yourself, Stop! Think! Raise! Evolve! and live the way your soul wants to be!”
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”
“You are not special, but you are unique.”
“You are not the victim always. Sometimes you are the culprit too.”
“You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”
“You are not the world, but you are everything that makes the world good. Without you, my life would still exist, but that's all it would manage to do.”
“You are on the edge of the escarpment, confused whether to dive into a new chapter of life or immerse in the story of your past.”
“You are on your own now , you have always been & you shall forever be .”
“You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!”
“You are someone who is different, but who wants to be the same as everyone else. And that in my view is a serious illness. God chose you to be different. Why are you disappointing God with this kind of attitude?”
“You are the author of your own complications, and you can be the author of your own simplicity.”
“You are the light you seek at the end of the tunnel.”
“You are the main lead of your own life”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“You are what you settle for. You are only as much as you settle for”
“You are what your heart is.”
“You aren't becoming wise if you are not learning to understand the people in your life.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“You become really thirsty ,when there is no water to drink.”
“You believe you have Time - You do not have Time, you have Life; What you do with it is up to you.”
“You better start swimming, or you'll sink like a stone. Because the Time's they are a-changing.”
“You can add new things to your life at every stage of your life: New ways, new habits, new ideas, new fears, and new stupidities! And remember, at every stage of your life, you can take something out of your life! You have the will to add and subtract! Make good use of this will, use this simple mathematics well to make your life better!”
“You can be a shining light for others with your positive attitude. Your passion for something can be contagious and resonate with others and get them fired up to achieve the same results. Consistently demonstrate your confidence with determination, and it will help bring back faith for those who lost it. Sometimes we must lead by example, and that's how people get inspired with hope, and where hope grows, faith is present.”
“You can be anything you want in the world; just don't become a prisoner of hatred.”
“You can be the best tomorrow by being better today”
“You can be young without money, but you can't be old without it.”
“You can belittle a person who is constantly waiting at a station where no train stops, and call her crazy! Or you can rewind and watch her tragic life movie and then admire her for still standing on her feet!”
“You can change your Life Story, by healing your Soul Story!”
“You can count your blessings without having to count the misfortunes of others.”
“You can do anything, but not everything”
“You can do whatever you want, I am on baller alert!”
“You can either be ungrateful for what you don't have or be grateful for what you have got.”
“You can find the desired freedom in what you aspire to become as your life is the result of the accumulated choices you made.”
“You can forget that other people carry pieces of your own story around in their heads. I've always thought--put together all those random pieces form everyone who's ever known you from your parents to the guy who once sat next to you on a bus, and you'd probably see a fuller version of your life than you even did while living it.”
“You can get all A's and still flunk life.”
“You can get everything in life,just go on right way.”
“You can go up the ladder of life by running, you can go up slowly, you can go up by stopping from time to time, but you can never go up by sitting all the time!”
“You can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“You can have it all. Just not all at once.”
“You can hide the moon & sun with the palm of your hand, when they are fully visible in the eyesight, just don’t forget the true reality of life. -MillYentei D.Y.”
“You can live your life like a wave! In other words, you leave yourself to the wind and go wherever it takes you; sometimes you go to a nice beach and sometimes you hit a hard rock!”
“You can live your whole life not realizing that what you're looking for is right in front of you.”
“You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.”
“You can never outrun your unhealed wounds.”
“You can never rise by letting someone down”
“You can never run a race by only talking about it; it is the same with forgiveness. Until you forgive, you have not forgiven.”
“You can only be close to yourself when you live far away from your arrogance.”
“You can only move on when you forgive and let go.”
“You can only realize the splendour of life if you are willing to fulfil your purpose while you still have time.”
“You can only rise to your highest possible failure.”
“You can only win if you are quick to forgive and willing to focus on your healing.”
“You can play it safe, and I wouldn't blame you for it. You can continue as you've been doing, and you'll survive, but is that what you want? Is that enough?”
“You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“You can survive without friends, but you can't live a life full of happiness and fun if you don't have close friends.”
“You can take a road that gets you to the stars, I can take a road that will see me through.”
“You can try as much as you want. But some people will be in your life only for a while.”
“You can walk on the shady side of a mountain or on the sunny side! The choice is yours! And the same choice applies in life!”
“You can't always have the best results in life but you have the power to turn a bad news into a good news. It all depends on how you react to life's challenges.”
“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”
“You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.”
“You can't be pro women while fucking someone's man.”
“You can't become a decent horseman until you fall off and get up again, a good number of times. There's life in a nutshell.”
“You can't blame her,' said Amit. 'After a life so full of tragedy anyone would become hard.' 'What tragedy?' asked Mrs. Chatterji. 'Well, when she was four,' said Amit, 'her mother slapped her--it was quite traumatic--and then things went on in that vein. When she was twelve she came in second in an exam It hardens you.”
“You can't change a man's behavior just because you love him, but a man can change himself if he loves you”
“You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”
“You can't defame someone who isn't worried about fame.”
“You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.”
“You can't fix something if you're hiding from it.”
“You can't go far in life if you are too far away from life.”
“You can't go through all the streets of life, your life is not enough for that! So what should you do? Find places and people who will give you the important things you don't have!”
“You can't go through life with a button on your rapier!”
“You can't grow without suffering.”
“You can't have everything, I've often noticed it.”
“You can't have living without dying. So you can't call it living, what we got. We just are, we just be, like rocks beside the road.”
“You can't just plan a moment when things get back on track, just as you can't plan the moment you lose your way in the first place.”
“You can't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbors. You know, eventually those snakes are going to turn on whoever has them in the backyard.”
“You can't learn everything you need to know legally.”
“You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.”
“You can't make anyone happy always.. So do your best without caring about people..”
“You can't regret the life you didn't lead.”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”
“You can't worry about the future so much that you miss out on the present.”
“You cannot afford to be held ransom by your own heart. Forgive!”
“You cannot be a vessel that carries God’s presence if you do not allow forgiveness to take precedence in your life.”
“You cannot buy a single breath. You had no consent in your being born. You just found yourself alive. The journey can end on anyday. He owes you nothing; yet He blesses you infinitely. Thank God for life.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“You cannot change what you are, only what you do.”
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”
“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.”
“You cannot find peace by avoiding life.”
“You cannot find the way (destination) if you are lost in the dark, because you do not know what is to come it increases your fear and the darkness will eventually swallow you up for you are unclean by your evil deeds and conscience”
“You cannot force people to forgive you, but you can choose to forgive those who did not do you right.”
“You cannot hold eternity in your hand, but you feel it in your heart; you know it in your soul.”
“You cant get better if the only thing you think about is how you are getting worse.”
“You can’t keep on top of the world for ever.”
“You can’t make someone feel good about themselves until you feel good about yourself.”
“You can’t really yell at your boyfriend for stealing your seat and your best friend. You also can’t yell at your best friend for stealing your boyfriend. Or you can…but Hi seemed like a much easier way to start the morning.”
“You carry/All the ingredients/To turn your life into a nightmare--/Don't mix them!”
“You could say that life just happens and it's the way it goes, you either accept it or you fight it  Or You can be one of the few that rises above this perception and fights in all their glory to create the life they want, regardless of the struggle. Who do you want to be? Someone to remember or someone easy to forget ”
“You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.”
“You couldnt erase everything that caused you pain with recollection.Every memory was valuable; even the bad ones”
“You create your own happiness by creating your own moments and cherishing them to the core. In life, we rarely project ourselves and reflect which is where we miss ourselves. There is no other moment than now to hold tight to yourself otherwise time keeps on moving and you lose yourself to the world. Life isn’t a destination but a journey you decide for yourself through a deeper visualization and planning. Time is an ultimate currency that should be traded wisely with the deserving and no matter what and no matter how much you try to control things, meeting people’s expectations somewhere somehow you will be written wrong. Life is a precious gift from god! Celebrate yourself!”
“You deserve a constant wave of inner peace, but you can only attain it if you forgive.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“You destroy your peace by loving the wrong person.”
“You didn't just cheat on me; you cheated on us. You didn't just break my heart; you broke our future.”
“You disrespect yourself when you continue to stay in a relationship that lacks loyalty.”
“You do not immortalize the lost by writing about them. Language buries, but does not resurrect.”
“You doan go diggin' for gold in an outhouse.”
“You don't ask for questions to come in your head, they just come up.”
“You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy; happiness is no longer the point. It's all about survival; it's all about whether you pull the knife out and bleed to death or keep it in ”
“You don't dwell on what you've lost, you just move on."-Allison”
“You don't have to be a doctor to know when a relationship is not healthy.”
“You don't have to disrespect and insult others simply to hold your own ground. If you do, that shows how shaky your own position is.”
“You don't know me. You know one me, just like I know one you. And you can't know every me, and I can't know every you.”
“You don't learn anything just by reading books. You learn only by receiving blows.”
“You don't live while breathe, you live while enjoys”
“You don't love yourself enough if you love someone who cheats on you.”
“You don't need many friends to feel appreciated. One good one is enough. At most times, lean on yourself. You’re your first best friend.”
“You don't need the certificate of being right from the people who wronged you.”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.”
“You don't question someone's loyalty when they make you feel secure by expressing their love for you.”
“You don't read Gatsby, I said, to learn whether adultery is good or bad but to learn about how complicated issues such as adultery and fidelity and marriage are. A great novel heightens your senses and sensitivity to the complexities of life and of individuals, and prevents you from the self-righteousness that sees morality in fixed formulas about good and evil.”
“You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.”
“You don’t get to pick where you’re from, but you always have control of where you’re going.”
“You don’t have to lie to tell the truth. One lie of what is happening or what happened makes the whole thing unbelievable and questionable.”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“You don’t have to understand life. You just have to live it.”
“You dream of a new world to come, a new world to be birthed, a new dream to be dreamt. In the dream, a flower grows, a lotus from which the creator and the creation will unfold. From which light will begin to shine upon this vast dark sea, unveiling all the magic sleeping within. From this flower, infinite worlds and universes will be born. Each will contain a seed of light. And these seeds will light the heavens for all to guide their journeys by.”
“You either go with the flow, or you become the flow.”
“You end up hurting yourself every time you use your energy to prove a point”
“You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.”
“You enter the forest at the darkest point, where there is no path. Where there is a way or path, it is someone else's path. You are not on your own path. If you follow someone else's way, you are not going to realize your potential.”
“You ever have the feeling you were in the wrong place? That if you could just get over the next hill, cross the next river, look down into the next valley, it'd all fit. Be right." "All my life, more of less" “All your life spent getting ready for the next thing. I climbed a lot of hills now. I crossed a lot of rivers. Crossed the sea even, left everything I knew and came to Styria. But there I was, waiting for me at the docks when I got off the boat, same man, same life. Next valley ain’t no different from this one. No better anyway. Reckon I’ve learned … just to stick in the place I’m at. Just to be the man I am.”
“You feel insecure in a relationship only when you feel unloved and unheard.”
“You feel so much happiness when your urge to prove your intentions to certain people dies.”
“You forget all of it anyway. First, you forget everything you learned-the dates of the Hay-Herran Treaty and Pythagorean Theorem. You especially forget everything you didn't really learn, but just memorized the night before. You forget the names of all but one or two of your teachers, and eventually you'll forget those, too. You forget your junior class schedule and where you used to sit and your best friend's home phone number and the lyrics to that song you must have played a million times. For me, it was something by Simon & Garfunkel. Who knows what it will be for you? And eventually, but slowly, oh so slowly, you forget your humiliations-even the ones that seemed indelible just fade away. You forget who was cool and who was not, who was pretty, smart, athletic, and not. Who went to a good college. Who threw the best parties Who could get you pot. You forget all of them. Even the ones you said you loved, and even the ones you actually did. They're the last to go. And then once you've forgotten enough, you love someone else.”
“You gain much more from your enemies than friends.”
“You get towards the end of life—no, not life itself, but of something else: the end of any likelihood of change in that life. You are allowed a long moment of pause, time enough to ask the question: what else have I done wrong?”
“You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.”
“You had a choice: you could either strain and look at things that appeared in front of you in the fog, painful as it might be, or you could relax and lose yourself”
“You had to risk your life to get love. You had to get right to the edge of death to ever be saved.”
“You hate me for being me. I also hate myself for being me. I hope that I am not me. Being me doesn't mean I am feeling me. I sometimes don't know why I'm acting this way. I hope I can go far away. ”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“You have every right to a beautiful life.”
“You have got to hold on; you have got to carry on; black skies shall clear, tribulations shall become hope, just by dancing to your favorite tune.”
“You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.”
“You have the ability to choose your reactions.”
“You have the choice to be the master or slave of your mind. What will you choose? Only YOU are to decide”
“You have the right to maintain distance from anyone who doesn't let you be happy.”
“You have to be honest with yourself about what's holding you back from moving on. Are you holding on to some unfinished business? If so, write it down and confront it so you can deal with it”
“You have to bow down for getting stable in hard situations..”
“You have to live your life and not count on things being there tomorrow or the next day.”
“You have to rely on whatever sparks you have inside.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“You have wakened not out of sleep, but into a prior dream, and that dream lies within another, and so on, to infinity, which is the number of grains of sand. The path that you are to take is endless, and you will die before you have truly awakened.”
“You have woken up this morning- and this means you are still meant to be here. You have much living left to do.”
“You haven't been loved well, until you've been loved just for sake of loving. Love is such a generous force. Being friends with opposite sex isn't always easy, but so very necessary for all of us, because at the end of the day we are all just humans in need of affection and care. And we are in need of caring, as much as being cared for. It is so very liberating to be in state of platonic, yet, nonetheless deep and honest love. It is compassion personified. The reason why I even mention opposite sex, is because, as a woman I truly value and enjoy company of great men. And it is often hard to allow men to be men, in sense of - their right to self expression, their right to be affectionate and protective and to embody all of those essential traits that make for a decent human being, without attaching a hidden agenda to their gestures of kindness and goodwill. Men, too, like to be of service. Men, too, like to be generous and kind - and God knows they are not only capable but also darn great at it. That's all there is to it, really. It is regrettable that often women don't feel safe in presence of men. Not so say that all men are the same, but truthfully, not all women are the same, either. I think, when we heal as a collective, this gap will no longer require bridging. I am, certainly, hoping for it. Friendship is the greatest gift we can gift to each others. But first, come acknowledgment and allowing ourselves to express our better nature without romanticizing or vilifying it. Love is meant for us all, no exceptions.”
“You just can't go back and expect your mind to be blown by the same thing every time. Life doesn't work that way.”
“You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.”
“You just have to go after what you want and if it doesn't want you back then so be it; it doesn't deserve you anyways.”
“You know how both life and porno movies end. The only difference is life starts with the orgasm.”
“You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across?”
“You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.”
“You know nothing about my intentions because you are full of assumptions.”
“You know the feeling when your Life gets a little bleak, not because of anything lacking but perhaps because of the overwhelming nature of Life itself. When you realise that your soul feels everything so deeply that your mind has found an escape route by shutting the nerves of your heart. And then you realise, your heart is too strong and it could never be stopped from feeling all that is passing you by, plainly the most beautiful emotions that this world abhors. Pain. Grief. Melancholy of the deepest kind. An agony that has no reason at all. Or perhaps there is, only your clever mind knows a way to not let the reason meet your eyes. And in that moment, that fraction of a moment, you choke in your soul and ask your heart why does it beat yet another moment, and then you hear a voice, a slim voice that's always been pushing you to that corner of mad infinite deepness of human cosmos, because you are here to do good, despite all that happens to you, especially for all that happens to you, because your pain is never your weakness but the brightest light that tells you how to remove the pain from every passerby. Your mind gets shocked and your heart doesn't know what to do, so they numb your soul and yet a tiny flicker somewhere screams through the weak tired frame of your bleak existence, asking you to spread that light even to the last of your breath. And then when you open your eyes, a line comes by, All the good you do, will come back one day, they said. Keep it, I said. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“You know the feeling, when you decide to walk a certain way, and while actually taking the walk, you lose your way and tumble across an entirely new alleyway, you listen to your soul, that mad mad gypsy soul of yours and tread along that unknown path and get mesmerized by all the beauty that surrounds that path, and thank your soul for that walk, that strange crazy step that took you there. Meantime, that mind of yours, that overzealous protective disciplinarian, keeps reminding you how you've turned your path, how you are losing on Time and perhaps a little bit of your dream's favour, only to let your heart smile upon its foolishness, oh but nothing is a dead-end, just a detour and you can take as many detours as you want because your Soul isn't bound by Time and dreams are but Stardust born of every star dying to breathe in yet again, just another dance of a death and birth of a star, a dream, a path to find and to lose, a walk, a long long walk, a thousand detours and yet each one as full of life and beautiful as the majesticity of Life is meant to be.”
“You know the saying: he who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it. And when it's repeated, the stakes are doubled.”
“You know what I think?" she says. "That people's memories are maybe the fuel they burn to stay alive. Whether those memories have any actual importance or not, it doesn't matter as far as the maintenance of life is concerned. They're all just fuel. Advertising fillers in the newspaper, philosophy books, dirty pictures in a magazine, a bundle of ten-thousand-yen bills: when you feed 'em to the fire, they're all just paper. The fire isn't thinking 'Oh, this is Kant,' or 'Oh, this is the Yomiuri evening edition,' or 'Nice tits,' while it burns. To the fire, they're nothing but scraps of paper. It's the exact same thing. Important memories, not-so-important memories, totally useless memories: there's no distinction--they're all just fuel.”
“You know why love stories have happy endings?” I shake my head. “Because they end too early,” she continues. “They always end right at the kiss. You never have to see all the bullshit that comes later. You know, Life.”
“You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.”
“You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.”
“You know, life fractures us all into little pieces. It harms us, but it's how we glue those fractures back together that make us stronger.”
“You know, people ask me. They say 'Dan, three years later do you really want to be drawing cat whiskers on your face?' but they don't understand. The cat whiskers, they come from within.”
“You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, though all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last.”
“You live it forward, but understand it backward.”
“You look ridiculous if you dance You look ridiculous if you don't dance So you might as well dance.”
“You lose self-respect by staying in a relationship with someone who doesn't love you.”
“You made me confess the fears that I have. But I will tell you also what I do not fear. I do not fear to be alone or to be spurned for another or to leave whatever I have to leave. And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even a great mistake, a lifelong mistake and perhaps as long as eternity too.”
“You made me feel alive again.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“You may be good, but that doesn't make me bad. You may be intelligent, but that doesn't make me a fool.”
“You may be safe, but I am free.' Take advantage of the freedom that comes with your youth. Inhale life, exhale fire, and embrace the late, sleepless nights, because that's when the magic happens- when everyone else is asleep and you're awake thinking about the world as it is, and the world as it would be. Make the most of those moments," I said forcefully. "And in the coming years people will tell you that you're too young to change the world. I'm here to tell you, that's fucking bullshit.”
“You may come across a giant mountain that you will have to overcome in life; you can see this as an event that you will be afraid of and run away from, or you can see it as a great opportunity to gain glory! If you run, you become a coward, if you fight, you become a hero!”
“You may give up on your dreams, but once you do it, there's no other way to go back unless you want to start over from scratches, and you know damn well that there is nothing left from scratches except for pains.”
“You may have done some terrible things in the past, but do not live a life of regrets. Move on and forgive yourself.”
“You may have the best chapters in your life, but not mine.”
“You may hear or read dozens of advice about life every day, but the most tragicomic part of this is that the advice that will work for you is often not in them!”
“You may not have everything right now, but you can choose to make something out of your life.”
“You may see me struggle, but you will never see me stop. Though there are times I fall, but I will never lose sight of the top.”
“You may think your achievements, Are the crown of your life. But it's your failures, That make you shine bright.”
“You might be tempted to avoid the messiness of daily living for the tranquility of stillness and peacefulness. This of course would be an attachment to stillness, and like any strong attachment, it leads to delusion. It arrests development and short-circuits the cultivation of wisdom.”
“You miss a lot in life by not expressing your feelings.”
“You move forward. You face up to your challenges. You don't retreat. You're young, and sometimes you'll wish you could. But don't.”
“You must be able to distinguish the three thoughts: thoughts that you create, thoughts sent by your subconscious, and thoughts that entered your mind.”
“You must be shapeless, formless, like water. When you pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can crash. Become like water my friend.”
“You must distinguish between a reality and mentality. You might find out that some of the problems or struggles don’t even exist. Your mind created them for you, and they are the ones blocking you from success. The way you see things or people might not be the reality. Might be your mind misleading you.You might be hating people for wrong reasons or no reasons at all. You might even change your life, character or lifestyle thinking you are this person, but to find out that you are not. The real enemy can be your mind not the people you think are of.”
“You must learn to forgive a man when he's in love. He's always a nuisance.”
“You must learn to know the difference between tales and the truth, my Liza, she would say. Fairy tales have a habit of ending too soon. They never show what happens afterwards when the prince and princess ride off the page.”
“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”
“You must live life with the full knowledge that your actions will remain. We are creatures of consequence.”
“You must make your own map of the world. Search out your own piece of sky and patch of earth, your own awning to sleep under when it is raining and it feels the sun may never shine again, for there will certainly be such days. No one can walk this path for you. You cannot simply follow in another's footsteps, as though life were a complicated dance, every turn and twist memorized and prepared for ahead of time. There are many things in the world you can inherit: money, land, power, a crown. But an adventure is not one of them; you must make your own journey.”
“You must never behave as if your life belongs to a man. Do you hear me?” Aunty Ifeka said. “Your life belongs to you and you alone.”
“You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility for your life.”
“You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.”
“You must see what He sees. Not the view of the mortal, but a glorious world washed clean in magical light and dazzling with colour. You must copy in miniature the world He has drawn. One where everything is carefully chosen, the profusion of nature simplified, men and women incomparably beautiful, everything as precious and perfect as He willed them to be . The artist is closest of all to the Creator.”
“You mustn’t be cruel, if you want others to be kind to you.”
“You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something and you need the right amount of love.”
“You need not remove if you can re-move them.”
“You need to be buried deep in the dirt before you can find your bloom.”
“You need to do justice by forgiving others, even if they were unjust to you.”
“You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun.”
“You need to understand that forgiveness is for yourself and no one else. Choose forgiveness.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“You never have to look for your people, they just show up.”
“You never knew the last time you were seeing someone. You didn't know when the last argument happened, or the last time you had sex, or the last time you looked into their eyes and thanked God they were in your life. After they were gone? That was all you thought about. Day and night.”
“You never know what's around the corner. It could be everything. Or it could be nothing. You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you've climbed a mountain.”
“You never know when the best day of your life will come  or when it has passed.”
“You normally have to be bashed about a bit by life to see the point of daffodils, sunsets and uneventful nice days.”
“You often meet your fate on the road you take to avoid it.”
“You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”
“You only know you're in love when you've been possessed by the ghost of poetry.”
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
“You ought to stop listening to stereotypes and start forming your own opinions.”
“You owe no one explanation of why you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“You plan every step of your life, but sometimes you have to let life happen. Change is always unsettling, sometimes scary, but you have to let go. Take a risk. Risk can be fun.”
“You put it all together. You’re the heart of us, Park, and one day someone else is going to love you for that heart just like we do.”
“You read and write and sing and experience, thinking that one day these things will build the character you admire to live as. You love and lose and bleed best you can, to the extreme, hoping that one day the world will read you like the poem you want to be.”
“You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.”
“You realize the value of trust in a relationship after it breaks.”
“You rely too much on brain. The brain is the most overrated organ.”
“You said we all want there to be more than this! Well, there's always more than this. There's always something you don't know.”
“You said you didn't want to get involved with me,that one of us would get hurt and how you couldn't bear it. Well that just isn't good enough..Look what happens to people just living their lives. They get hurt, it's not fair they get hurt but they do, all the time, no matter how careful they are. Somebody can just just come along and hurt them, for no stupid reason..”
“You say freak, I say unique.”
“You see I kept asking myself then: why am I so stupid that if others are stupid—and I know they are—yet I won't be wiser?”
“You see, doing one thing differently is very often the same as doing everything differently.”
“You see," he says to the girl, "you closed your eyes. That was the difference. Sometimes you cannot believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them too - even when you're in the dark. Even when you are falling.”
“You serve a greater cause. Your life is not yours to throw away (Magnus Bane)”
“You should always do what you can to make life sweeter.”
“You should base everything on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears and feel with your own heart. Period. Always believe what you KNOW about a person, not what you HEAR.”
“You should know the triggers of your happiness and sadness.”
“You should know when to hold on, and when to move on.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.”
“You should not sacrifice your retirement savings for daily living.”
“You should read something else." Why would he have done that to him?" I don't know," she said. Do you ever feel like Job?" She smiled, a little twinkle in her eyes. Sometimes." But you haven't lost your faith?" No," I knew she hadn't, but I think I was losing mine. Is it because you think you might get better?" No," she said,"its because its the only thing I have left.”
“You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.”
“You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.”
“You stand to gain more when you forgive.”
“You start to live when you commit your life to cause higher than yourself. You must learn to depend on divine power for the fulfillment of a higher calling.”
“You stay safe, You love. You survive. You laugh and cry and struggle and sometimes you fail and sometimes you succeed. You Push.”
“You stepped in rhythm to her breaths. Strolling through seasons— winter's whites, the pink nectars of spring, summer's ripest green, and the speckled reds of fall, inviting impermanence into us all.”
“You surely don’t see the world so simplistically, Señorita. You must know that people are not split into good and evil, black and white. We are all shades of grey, every one of us. What you see as darkness, another would see as light. But if it’s kindness you want, I can do that. Treat me well, and I will do the same for you.”
“You take people, you put them on a journey, you give them peril, you find out who they really are.”
“You think you know someone. But mostly you just know what you want to know.”
“You think your past defines you, and worse, you think that it is an unchangeable reality, when really, your perception of it changes as you do. Because experience is always multi-dimensional, there are a variety of memories, experiences, feelings, “gists” you can choose to recall…and what you choose is indicative of your present state of mind. So many people get caught up in allowing the past to define them or haunt them simply because they have not evolved to the place of seeing how the past did not prevent them from achieving the life they want, it facilitated it. This doesn’t mean to disregard or gloss over painful or traumatic events, but simply to be able to recall them with acceptance and to be able to place them in the storyline of your personal evolution.”
“You tried to make things work. That's the best you could do. Now don't waste your entire life thinking about someone who doesn't think about you.”
“You want me to hate the people that you hate just because you hate hate them? Maybe you have controlling issues; it's time for a self-reflection.”
“You want peace, don’t you? If yes, then do the right thing and forgive.”
“You want to bask in your perfect marriage, with your perfect wife and kids, and gloat at the rest of the world! Dont you? And now you've found a flaw, you cant stand it. Well, stand it, Simon! Stand it! Because the world is full of flaws.”
“You want to play house, you got to have a job. You want to play very nice house, very sweet house, then you got to have a job you don't like. Great. This is the way ninety-eight-point-nine per cent of the people work things out, so believe me, buddy, you've got nothing to apologize for.”
“You wanted to feel alive, right? It doesn't matter if you're monster or human. Living hurts.”
“You wasted years upon years, Yelling with empty eyes and ears, That I just can't be bothered with your excuses Because trust me, I'm a woman with better ideas.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.”
“You were born with potential. You were born with goodness and trust. You were born with ideals and dreams. You were born with greatness. You were born with wings. You are not meant for crawling, so don't. You have wings. Learn to use them and fly.”
“You were given fingers to count your own blessings, not someone else's.”
“You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight.”
“You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“You were not created to live an average life. Forgive others.”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“You will always be a need for them, not love.”
“You will always meet two kinds of people—those who put you through good times and those who put you through bad times. What you must do is forgive, even if you have been put through the worst.”
“You will be always remembered for your kindness and not for your arrogance.”
“You will be decided based on the decision you make.”
“You will be fine,' the fortune teller says. 'There may be decisions to make and surprises in store. Life takes us to unexpected places sometimes. The future is never set in stone, remember that.”
“You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity. At some time, every creature which lives must do so. It is the ultimate shadow, the defeat of creation; this is the curse at work, the curse that feeds on all life. Everywhere in the universe.”
“You will come to a place where the streets are not marked. Some windows are lighted. but mostly they're darked. But mostly they're darked. A place you could sprain both your elbow and chin! Do you dare to stay out? Do you dare to go in? How much can you lose? How much can you win?”
“You will find it possible to forgive when you realize that forgiveness is a remedy for yourself.”
“You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.”
“You will have five hundred million little bells, and I shall have five hundred million springs of fresh water ”
“You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.”
“You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.”
“You will make less mistakes if you learn to learn from the mistakes of others.”
“You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are.”
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”
“You will never forget that painful past if you do not forgive in your heart.”
“You will never know the power of forgiveness until you forgive.”
“You will never know what you are doing until and unless you have done it.”
“You will never understand someone's pain if you haven't lived their life.”
“You will not learn to truly live until you have died several times”
“You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”
“You will receive everything you need when you stop asking for what you do not need”
“You will suffer, son of Hades!’ What else is new? Nico thought.”
“You win a few, you lose a few. Some get rained out. But you got to dress for all of them.”
“You win when you no longer need to hold onto the things that keep you from soaring." - Jill Reid | Real Life”
“You wish you could’ve learned to play piano. You wish you could’ve started drawing when you were young. You wish you could’ve figured out who you wanted to be before you graduated college. You wish you could’ve learned to love yourself sooner. Well you know what? You didn’t. And that’s just something you’re going to have to learn to deal with. But just because you didn’t do it sooner, doesn’t mean you can’t start now.”
“You won't lag behind, because you'll have the speed. You'll pass the whole gang and you'll soon take the lead. Wherever you fly, you'll be best of the best. Wherever you go, you will top all the rest. Except when you don't. Because, sometimes, you won't.”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“You'd think, 'What if I make a mistake today, I'll regret it'. I don’t believe in regret, I feel everything leads us to where we are and we have to just jump forward, mean well, commit and just see what happens.”
“You'll find, my friend, that what you love will take you places you never dreamed you'd go.”
“You'll forget it when you're dead, and so will I. When I'm dead, I'm going to forget everything–and I advise you to do the same.”
“You'll have a good, secure life when being alive means more to you than security, love more than money, your freedom more than public or partisan opinion, when the mood of Beethoven's or Bach's music becomes the mood of your whole life … when your thinking is in harmony, and no longer in conflict, with your feelings … when you let yourself be guided by the thoughts of great sages and no longer by the crimes of great warriors … when you pay the men and women who teach your children better than the politicians; when truths inspire you and empty formulas repel you; when you communicate with your fellow workers in foreign countries directly, and no longer through diplomats ”
“You'll never be alone in tough times, if you are genuinely a good-hearted person.”
“You'll never experience the joy and tenderness of a lifelong love unless you fight for it.”
“You'll reach a comfort zone in your life and start to wonder how you got there, how did you miss the sign posts that directed your real inner truth? Don't feel so guilty, you know when your meant to know and I guess that's the thing they don't teach you; when growing up, pain is inevitable but staying the same is a choice. Don't question why your feeling ready for something new, question why you stayed the same for so long.”
“You're always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.”
“You're basically a blank canvas. Better to fill it up with good things rather than bad things.”
“You're both the fire and the water that extinguishes it. You're the narrator, the protagonist, and the sidekick. You're the storyteller and the story told. You are somebody's something, but you are also your you.”
“You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world. (Matthew 5:14, The Message)”
“You're likely to learn more in tough times, unlike in good times.”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to transpire the way that it did. The best thing that you can do is to extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. Which will, in turn, help you attract experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“You're on Earth. There's no cure for that.”
“You're only young once, but you can be immature forever”
“You're stressing over things that haven't even happened yet.”
“You've a good heart. Sometimes that's enough to see you safe wherever you go. But mostly, it's not.”
“You've got to get obsessed and stay obsessed.”
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.”
“You've had many situations where you want to rewind time! But life is telling you this: Did you make a move that knocked the glass down? If you did, the glass will fall to the ground and break! Live life carefully because time does not go backwards!”
“You've never lived what you are thinking, and that isn't good. Only the ideas we actually live are of any value.”
“Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.”
“Your Fikr in my mind , Your Dhikr on my tongue , Your Shukr in my heart.”
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Your Prejudiced Friends are only in the manipulation of your opponent.So don't go away from them.”
“Your ability to take right decisions in present determines your future.”
“Your action is pure when your intention is pure, your intention is pure when your heart is pure. So keep your heart pure and your life beautiful.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life…”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“Your biggest life mistake can be your biggest life lesson.”
“Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.”
“Your broken heart will never heal until you seek peace and forgive.”
“Your circumstances, your past choices, who you were back then, and even how people wish you to be now need not define you.”
“Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.”
“Your current circumstances are part of your redemption story He is writing.”
“Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. If you do not, the sun will soon set, and you with it.”
“Your decisions are not yours, if the acceptance of another person affects them.”
“Your dignity can be mocked, abused, compromised, toyed with, lowered and even badmouthed, but it can never be taken from you. You have the power today to reset your boundaries, restore your image, start fresh with renewed values and rebuild what has happened to you in the past.”
“Your dreams need to be like weeds, But your passion should be like seeds”
“Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.”
“Your entire sense of self-worth is predicated upon your belief that you matter, that you matter to the universe. But you don't. Because we are the ants.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“Your evolve happens at the rate and quality of your involve.”
“Your eyes met mine; and they made it whole, Without touching your body; I hugged your soul.”
“Your fear is 100% dependent on you for its survival.”
“Your future is in direct proportion to what you do in the present.”
“Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.”
“Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life" won’t last forever.”
“Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.”
“Your heart will not stop bleeding until you start forgiving.”
“Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back.”
“Your hula hoop will continue to spin successfully, when you unconditionally stay true to your emotional, mental and self-care needs first.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“Your life becomes so peaceful when your anger for the people who hurt you turns into sympathy for them.”
“Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.”
“Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.”
“Your life is meaningless until the realization of your true Self as the Divine.”
“Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.”
“Your life is your business. Take care of it and treat it like serious business. Do not get too involved in other people’s businesses and neglect yours in the process.”
“Your life is your choice, so make it worthwhile”
“Your life may suck, but it's not a reason to hate everyone.”
“Your life partner isn't your partner if they believe you are inferior to them.”
“Your life will be more splendid than those who choose to become a prisoner of hatred. We must remove the hate in our hearts so there can only be love and compassion. Decide today that, no matter what, you will choose to live a life of love.”
“Your life will take better shape if you are willing to find wisdom and have the courage to climb the highest mountains.”
“Your looks and physical appearance will decide your present. Your vision and status will decide your future.”
“Your mama coming back. Just cause you cant sees a person aint mean nothing. They still there. You worry you never gonna find your mama but she gonna come to you. Close your eyes. I bets you see her good.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“Your mind shines brightest when you enlighten others; your heart, when you encourage others; your soul, when you elevate others; and your life, when you empower others.”
“Your mistake is that you've concluded life is short, so you treat it as if it's precious, like a pretty little princess. Bullshit! Everyone's life is short. Quit feeling sorry for yourself. Fuck it. Treat it like a cheap hooker. Ask crazy shit from it, and you'll get more out of life than you could have ever wanted, imagined, or deserved.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“Your pain is not a waste, someday it will become the source of your strength.”
“Your positive energy and warm vibes are like sunrays on a cold, winter morning.”
“Your reading style will reveal your inner nature. The hesitant always turn the page to see what they missed on first reading, while the confident and focused minds have no time to waste.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Your silence harms our relation more than my rude words.”
“Your simplicity is your aura.”
“Your spirit lives on in your work. YOU decide what manner of work that will be.”
“Your struggle is not vain. Have faith, and be patient enough to discover why God let it all happen.”
“Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.”
“Your thought patterns can be a wellspring of abundance to live life on your terms. But negative talk and self-doubt are a drain on your inner resources.”
“Your thoughts and emotions will dictate the kind of life you will have.”
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.”
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.”
“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”
“Your time may come. Do not be too sad, Sam. You cannot be always torn in two. You will have to be one and whole, for many years. You have so much to enjoy and to be, and to do.”
“Your truth will never matter to those who have already declared you wrong.”
“Your world is only as small as you make it.”
“Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.”
“You’ll be fine. You’re 25. Feeling [unsure] and lost is part of your path. Don’t avoid it. See what those feelings are showing you and use it. Take a breath. You’ll be okay. Even if you don’t feel okay all the time.”
“You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.”
“You’re always going to have people who aren’t happy for your success, but only you control how you respond to it.”
“You’re frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.”
“You’re like a lighthouse shining beside the sea of humanity, motionless: all you can see is your own reflection in the water. You’re alone, so you think it’s a vast, magnificent panorama. You haven’t sounded the depths. You simply believe in the beauty of God’s creation. But I have spent all this time in the water, diving deep into the howling ocean of life, deeper than anyone. While you were admiring the surface, I saw the shipwrecks, the drowned bodies, the monsters of the deep”
“You’re not in this life for things to go well. You’re in this life to be your deepest heart in all that goes well and in all that doesn’t.”
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”
“[ ] just remember, the storm doesn't last forever. It can scare you; it can shake you to your core. But it never lasts. The rain subsides, the thunder dies, and the winds calm to a soft whisper. And that moment after the storm clouds pass, when all is silent and still, you find peace. Quiet, gentle peace.”
“[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.”
“[H]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar.”
“[L]ife isn't run by principles but by adjustments.”
“[Poem: Slates of Grey] Sullen faces like slates of grey— What I’d seen on a walk today. Bodies rushing bodies bolting Time for life a disregarding. Money to make and to grow old What about the hands to hold? Deadlines, projects, people to meet What about our own two feet. Sullen faces like slates of grey  What I’d see most anyday.”
“a woman with the right support system can take over the world”
“all of us have a place in history. mine is clouds.”
“and every day I thank [God] that I am alive, not because I fear death, but because my wife has a husband and my son is not an orphan.”
“and that’s understandable. You feel that something is being taken away from you. And perhaps, in some ways, the situation has been unfair. But life, my dear, is often unfair. The solution, however, is never to dig in deeper where you are. The solution is to reach a hand over the trenches and, as our dear friend Forster would say, connect. Only connect.”
“and when all the wars are over, a butterfly will still be beautiful.”
“be a good listener, don't judge and don't put boundaries on someone else's grief.”
“being born a princess is all right, but behaving like one can be dangerous.”
“believe that this way of living, this focus on the present, the daily, the tangible, this intense concentration not on the news headlines but on the flowers growing in your own garden, the children growing in your own home, this way of living has the potential to open up the heavens, to yield a glittering handful of diamonds where a second ago there was coal. This way of living and noticing and building and crafting can crack through the movie sets and soundtracks that keep us waiting for our own life stories to begin, and set us free to observe the lives we have been creating all along without ever realizing it. I don’t want to wait anymore. I choose to believe that there is nothing more sacred or profound than this day. I choose to believe that there may be a thousand big moments embedded in this day, waiting to be discovered like tiny shards of gold. The big moments are the daily, tiny moments of courage and forgiveness and hope that we grab on to and extend to one another. That’s the drama of life, swirling all around us, and generally I don’t even see it, because I’m too busy waiting to become whatever it is I think I am about to become. The big moments are in every hour, every conversation, every meal, every meeting. The Heisman Trophy winner knows this. He knows that his big moment was not when they gave him the trophy. It was the thousand times he went to practice instead of going back to bed. It was the miles run on rainy days, the healthy meals when a burger sounded like heaven. That big moment represented and rested on a foundation of moments that had come before it. I believe that if we cultivate a true attention, a deep ability to see what has been there all along, we will find worlds within us and between us, dreams and stories and memories spilling over. The nuances and shades and secrets and intimations of love and friendship and marriage an parenting are action-packed and multicolored, if you know where to look. Today is your big moment. Moments, really. The life you’ve been waiting for is happening all around you. The scene unfolding right outside your window is worth more than the most beautiful painting, and the crackers and peanut butter that you’re having for lunch on the coffee table are as profound, in their own way, as the Last Supper. This is it. This is life in all its glory, swirling and unfolding around us, disguised as pedantic, pedestrian non-events. But pull of the mask and you will find your life, waiting to be made, chosen, woven, crafted. Your life, right now, today, is exploding with energy and power and detail and dimension, better than the best movie you have ever seen. You and your family and your friends and your house and your dinner table and your garage have all the makings of a life of epic proportions, a story for the ages. Because they all are. Every life is. You have stories worth telling, memories worth remembering, dreams worth working toward, a body worth feeding, a soul worth tending, and beyond that, the God of the universe dwells within you, the true culmination of super and natural. You are more than dust and bones. You are spirit and power and image of God. And you have been given Today.”
“chaos in her eyes Sitting with Christine, thinking about the chaos in her eyes, his emotional chaos, plotting to lure her out for a weekend of love, he wished in a chaotic, physical logic,” I wish I could count the number of causes and their probabilities that affect your feelings about me and that will determine what kind of answer I get if I ask you out for a date.” -What? What is that you just said? (An internal voice). By knowing the causes and the probabilities of the order in which they occur, you predict emotions Is that possible? Can we treat human emotions like the weather? Are there sensors to measure our emotions across time points in our history from which we can predict our future actions and their impact on us and others? Is there a computer with enormous capacity that can collect, analyze, and predict them? Do human emotions fall within this randomness? Throughout their history, physicists have rejected the idea of a relationship between human emotions and the surrounding world. Emotions are incomprehensible, they cannot be expected, what cannot be expected cannot be measured, what cannot be measured cannot be formulated into equations, and what cannot be formulated into equations, screw it, reject it, get rid of it, it is not part of this world. These ideas were acceptable to physicists in the past before we knew that we can control the effect of randomness to some extent through control sciences, and predict it by collecting a huge amount of data through special sensors and analyzing it. What affects when a plane arrives? Wind speed and direction? Our motors compensate for this unwanted turbulence. A lightning strike could destroy it? Our lightning rods control this disturbance and neutralize its danger. Running out of fuel? We have fuel meter indicators. Engine failure? We have alternative solutions for an emergency landing. All fall under the category of control sciences, But what about the basic building blocks of an airplane model during its flight? Humans themselves! A passenger suddenly felt dizzy, and felt ill, did the pilot decide to change his destination to the nearest airport? Another angry person caused a commotion, did he cause the flight to be canceled? Our emotions are part of this world, affect it, and can be affected by, interact with. Since we can predict chaos if we have the tools to collect, measure, and analyze it, and since we can neutralize its harmful effects through control science, thus, we can certainly do the same to human emotions as we do with weather and everything else that we have been able to predict and neutralize its undesirable effect. But would we get the desired results? nobody knows… -“Not today, not today, Robert”, he spoke to himself. – If you can’t do it today, you can’t do it for a lifetime, all you have to do now is simply to ask her out and let her chaos of feelings take you wherever she wants. Unconsciously, about to make the request, his phone rang, the caller being his mother and the destination being Tel Aviv. Standing next to Sheikh Ruslan at the building door, this wall fascinated him. -The universe worked in some parts of its paint even to the point of entropy, which it broke, so it painted a very beautiful painting, signed by its greatest law, randomness. If Van Gogh was here, he would not have a nicer one. Sheikh Ruslan knocked on the door, they heard the sound of footsteps behind him, someone opened a small window from it, as soon as he saw the Sheikh until he closed it immediately, then there was a rattle in the stillness of the alley, iron locks opening. Here Robert booked a front-row seat for the night with the absurd, illogic and subconscious.”
“dating question -What do you want from this world? -To have a wardrobe. In his first meeting with Katrina, she asked him a dating question, and his answer was unconventional, he wished he could buy a wardrobe, in which he put his belongings, a metaphor for the instability in his life, so how does he do this, while he is without a homeland, without a home, moving from place to another, carrying a bag containing a few of his personal belongings. About to cheat on Khadija, the curiosity in the intelligence man’s mind overpowered him, the desire for knowledge, exploration, information, and a thirst for more details, the smallest details. Plan the process with the mentality of a computer programmer, “I will leave them a loophole in the system, they will hack me through it, and to do this they have to open their doors to send their code, and at this very moment, I am sending my code in the opposite direction. The most vulnerable account devices to hack are the hackers themselves. They enter the systems through special ports, which are opened to them by the so-called Trojan horse, a type of virus, with which they target the victim, open loopholes for them, infiltrate through them, and in both cases, they, in turn, have to open ports on their devices to complete the connection, from which they can be hacked backward. Katrina is a Trojan horse, he will not close the ports in front of her, she must succeed in penetrating him, and she will be his bridge connecting them, he will sneak through her, to the most secret and terrifying place in the world, a journey that leads him to the island of Malta, to enter the inevitable den. This is how the minds of investigators and intelligence men work, they must open the outlets of their minds to the fullest, to collect information, receive it, and deal with it, and that is why their minds are the most vulnerable to penetration, manipulation, and passing misleading information to them. It is almost impossible to convince a simple man, that there is life outside the planet, the outlets of his mind are closed, he is not interested in knowledge, nor is he collecting information, and the task of entering him is difficult, they call him the mind of the crocodile, a mind that is solid, closed, does not affect anything and is not affected by anything, He has his own convictions, he never changes them. While scientists, curious, intellectuals, investigators, and intelligence men, the ports of their minds are always open. And just as hackers can penetrate websites by injecting their URL addresses with programming phrases, they can implant their code into the website’s database, and pull information from it. The minds of such people can also be injected, with special codes, some of them have their minds ready for injection, and one or two injections are sufficient to prepare for the next stage, and for some, dozens of injections are not enough, and some of them injected their minds themselves, by meditation, thinking, and focusing on details, as Ruslan did. Khadija did not need more than three injections, but he trusted the love that brought them together, there is no need, she knew a lot about him in advance, and she will trust him and believe him. Her mind would not be able to get her away, or so he wished, the woman’s madness had not been given its due. What he is about to do now, and the revenge videos that she is going to receive will remain in her head forever, and will be her brain’s weapon to escape, when he tries to get her out of the box. From an early age, he did not enjoy safety and stability, he lived in the midst of hurricanes of chaos, and the heart of randomness. He became the son of shadows and their master. He deserved the nickname he called himself “Son of Chaos.”
“dont be afraid of death, be afraid of the unlived life.”
“excellence is in Nature, nurture your Excellence”
“fight for what you believe in, for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”
“girls please give your bodies and your lives to the young men who deserve them besides there is no way I would welcome the intolerable dull senseless hell you would bring me and I wish you luck in bed and out but not in mine thank you.”
“having nothing to struggle against they have nothing to struggle for.”
“i hope that whoever you are wherever you are and no matter how you are feeling you will always have something to smile about.”
“i was lieing to myself when I thought I was lost, I have never been lost - I just wasn't ready to be found.”
“if you didn't trust yourself, who else will do”
“in a woman's womb. another chance. to make the world better.”
“in earth their have only one reason of war,i have power and want to show,”
“it always sound scarier when a hollerer talk soft.”
“it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.”
“it was when I stopped searching for home within others and lifted the foundations of home within myself I found there were no roots more intimate than those between a mind and body that have decided to be whole.”
“it's good to have things done with when they don't work it's also good not to hate or even forget the person you've failed with.”
“it’s you i shaped my standards to. you gave me too much personality. i’m sorry you trusted me with that, i’ve stolen it and not done well. does anyone put pins in their hair? is that anyone else’s fantasy. in my memory, everyone does. don’t be disappointed in me, i think if i was less abrasive you’d probably understand why there’s no lifeboat you were never the type for lifeboats, only in emergencies, is that true though? maybe that’s just my imagination. there are probably no pins in hair. ~”
“karma is given, not to those who ask, but to those who ask of nothing.”
“leave everything that didn't go well today behind, and try again tomorrow!”
“life and love are very precious when both are in full bloom.”
“life is a long while take your time and stop to smell the roses”
“life is more than one slice”
“love everyone,trust a few and rely on nobody”
“make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty.”
“man and wife respect for life”
“no, no, it's not all random, if it really was all random, the universe would abandon us completely. and the universe doesn't. it takes care of its most fragile creations in ways we can't see. like with parents who adore you blindly. and a big sister who feels guilty for being human over you. and a little gravelly-voiced kid whose friends have left him over you. and even a pink-haired girl who carries your picture in her wallet. maybe it is a lottery, but the universe makes it all even out in the end. the universe takes care of all its birds.”
“nothing in this world was more difficult than love.”
“nowadays people sell their personality because of something and something is given away by taking away their personality.”
“one is good but ten is better. together is a powerful, beautiful, and peaceful.”
“please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”
“re: cutting glass "You have to be in command of the glass, telling it where to release its hold on itself. Just like life. Otherwise it will splinter.”
“regret is mostly caused by not having done anything.”
“she can tell by their uniforms. It takes a million people to make life run the way it should run. Everyone has their own part to play in it.”
“so many people would be afraid to look in the mirror if the saw their character and not their face…it would be like american horror story.”
“some men never die and some men never live but we're all alive tonight.”
“some things are better off back in the past. Where they belong.”
“some winters will never melt some summers will never freeze and some things will only   live in poems.”
“somehow people forget that there is God . what more to us we're just individuals,, to forget is part of imperfections..”
“somehow respected the wounds given by you. I always kept them in my heart and never treated”
“someone who elbows you to get you to laugh at his jokes”
“sometimes it’s the senseless feelings which overwhelm you, the despair and frustration which build to dangerous levels and the subsequent release, the cigarettes, alcohol, nameless fucks, nights spent in the drunk tank. the cats howling outside the window know this and they act accordingly.”
“sometimes the best achievement in life is to be alive”
“sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!”
“t may not be the life you imagined, but it’s your life. You came here for a reason. Is it time for you to go and begin again?”
“the ones who make you laugh last a lifetime”
“the original color of the apple -Ozcan: So, it is nothing. Imagine that we live in a world of matter, with no color, no taste, no smell, no touch, no sound. Our five senses cannot receive any information about it. So, we live in nothing, our minds decide what it is, and our need to communicate has created languages, terms, and common concepts. I may see and hear nothing but what you see and hear, but we have agreed on terms and concepts that unite us on them. Ozcan added: But nothing is still a thing, our five senses restrict us, perhaps if we had five additional senses to receive the data of this nothing, our minds would interpret it, and deal with it. We need additional senses to receive data that we do not know anything about. Ten senses, for example? Are they enough? What if the nature of this substance needs an extra sense yet? Well, a hundred senses? What if the right sense is not among them? In the end, we do not need a large number of senses, but rather the appropriate sense to receive the necessary data about this substance. The next question, Ruslan: What if we got this sense, and then our mind rejected the reality of matter for some reason? And decided not to interpret the data correctly? Or ignored it? As it often does with our five senses. -What is deafness? -A defect in the ear, due to which the mind does not receive any information about sounds. -But sometimes the mind simply decides to ignore sounds despite receiving data. When it is engaged in something, for example, sleeping, our minds often receive sounds and decide to ignore them, just like that, even though there is no hearing impairment. Sight, touch, taste, smell, the mind can ignore its input if it so desires. He looked directly into his eyes, and advanced towards him a little, he said in a tone of ambiguity: But what if we already have this appropriate sense, Ruslan, but our minds interpret their data at will. Or decided to ignore it completely for some reason. And what is this sense? Let’s agree to call it zero sense. The sense through which we can receive the data of the original color of the apple”
“the scary part is that people don't realize how much they've changed .”
“the world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places”
“the world is not a pleasant place to be without someone to hold and be held by.”
“the worst thing," he told me, "is bitterness, people end up so bitter.”
“there are years in me that have not slept”
“there isn't enough of anything as long as we live. But at intervals a sweetness appears and, given a chance prevails.”
“there's no clarity. there was never meant to be clarity.”
“they are a little more solid even in the exquisite nakedness of their existence and they glory in their reality and read music and dance poetry on the sidewalks and in the lavatories of bombed out buildings. we take their words and cup them in our hands and we take their lips and crush them to ourselves and dream the dreams and think of sands and faraway places and wish for death and pray they see IT soon.”
“they say life goes on long after the thrill of living”
“those storms that you carry in your mind were meant to be conquered”
“to love life, to love it even when you have no stomach for it and everything you've held dear crumbles like burnt paper in your hands, your throat filled with the silt of it. When grief sits with you, its tropical heat thickening the air, heavy as water more fit for gills than lungs; when grief weights you like your own flesh only more of it, an obesity of grief, you think, How can a body withstand this? Then you hold life like a face between your palms, a plain face, no charming smile, no violet eyes, and you say, yes, I will take you I will love you, again.”
“what feels like work to you is playing for others”
“when we were kids laying around the lawn on our bellies we often talked about how we'd like to die and we all agreed on the same thing; we'd all like to die fucking (although none of us had done any fucking) and now that we are hardly kids any longer we think more about how not to die and although we're ready most of us would prefer to do it alone under the sheets now that most of us have fucked our lives away.”
“why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out”
“you get nailed, when become straight.. But if you crooked, then will put in garbage bin..”
“you might want to decide fast. We live in a dangerous world. If you see a chance to be happy, you have to fight for it, so later you have no regrets.”
“you need to figure out how to love the life that you have, while you work on the life that you want.”
“your life will not end with death. You are Immortal. You were always there and you always will be.”
“… "That at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what´s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That´s the world´s greatest lie." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“‎"Life's book is hard to understand: Why couldst thou not remain at school?”
“​In the age of technology and abundant resources, it's more important for youth to understand the value of resources and believe what impact they can bring to their life.”
“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning  Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”
“‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
