“  I was finding things out as usual; and a nasty dangerous business it was.”
“  anyone can acquire wealth, the real art is giving it away.”
“  informed ignorance provides the natural state of mind for research scientists at the ever-shifting frontiers of knowledge. People who believe themselves ignorant of nothing have neither looked for, nor stumbled upon, the boundary between what is known and unknown in the cosmos.”
“  the divine knowing - what the Father knows, and what the Word says in response to that knowing, and what the Spirit broods upon under the speaking of the Word - all that eternal intellectual activity isn't just daydreaming. It's the cause of everything that is. God doesn't find out about creation; he knows it into being. His knowing has hair on it. It is an effective act. What he knows, is. What he thinks, by the very fact of his thinking, jumps from no-thing into thing. He never thought of anything that wasn't.”
“  the proper self-knowledge and self-love of every created thing is ipso facto a participation in the knowledge and love of God. The entire universe moves by desire for the Highest Good simply because every part of it loves what God loves - namely, its own being.”
“  there is no shame in not knowing. The problem arises when irrational thought and attendant behavior fill the vacuum left by ignorance.”
“  what you think is right isn't the same as knowing what is right.”
“ 'This is, you understand Mr Goode, exceptional for an unknown author and on account of the South Sea Bubble bursting, well, I am no longer given to advancing large copyrights but since you are blessed by good timing - great fortune bestowing you with a cold spell that has made London so terribly sick - I make an exception.' ”
“ .a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring truths of human life.”
“ .it is of the very essence of Christianity to face suffering and death not because they are good, not because they have meaning, but because the resurrection of Jesus has robbed them of their meaning.”
“ As soon as the definite knowledge concerning any subject becomes possible, this subject ceases to be called philosophy, and becomes a separate science.”
“ Bohr 's standpoint, that a space-time description is impossible, I reject a limine. Physics does not consist only of atomic research, science does not consist only of physics, and life does not consist only of science. The aim of atomic research is to fit our empirical knowledge concerning it into our other thinking. All of this other thinking, so far as it concerns the outer world, is active in space and time. If it cannot be fitted into space and time, then it fails in its whole aim and one does not know what purpose it really serves.”
“ Conceal your learning from the company Never display your learning, but on particular occasions. Reserve it for learned men, and let even these rather extort it from you, than appear forward to display it. Hence you will be deemed modest, and reputed to possess more knowledge than you really have. Never seem wiser or more learned than your company. The man who affects to display his learning, will be frequently questioned; and if found superficial, will be ridiculed and despised; if otherwise, he will be deemed a pedant. Nothing can lessen real merit (which will always shew itself) in the opinion of the world, but an ostentatious display by its possessor.”
“ Conceal your learning from the company. Never display your learning, but on particular occasions. Reserve it for learned men, and let even these rather extort it from you, than appear forward to display it. Hence you will be deemed modest, and reputed to possess more knowledge than you really have. Never seem wiser or more learned than your company. The man who affects to display his learning, will be frequently questioned; and if found superficial, will be ridiculed and despised; if otherwise, he will be deemed a pedant. Nothing can lessen real merit (which will always shew itself) in the opinion of the world, but an ostentatious display by its possessor.”
“ Faith, n. Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.”
“ Gate C22 At gate C22 in the Portland airport a man in a broad-band leather hat kissed a woman arriving from Orange County. They kissed and kissed and kissed. Long after the other passengers clicked the handles of their carry-ons and wheeled briskly toward short-term parking, the couple stood there, arms wrapped around each other like he’d just staggered off the boat at Ellis Island, like she’d been released at last from ICU, snapped out of a coma, survived bone cancer, made it down from Annapurna in only the clothes she was wearing. Neither of them was young. His beard was gray. She carried a few extra pounds you could imagine her saying she had to lose. But they kissed lavish kisses like the ocean in the early morning, the way it gathers and swells, sucking each rock under, swallowing it again and again. We were all watching– passengers waiting for the delayed flight to San Jose, the stewardesses, the pilots, the aproned woman icing Cinnabons, the man selling sunglasses. We couldn’t look away. We could taste the kisses crushed in our mouths. But the best part was his face. When he drew back and looked at her, his smile soft with wonder, almost as though he were a mother still open from giving birth, as your mother must have looked at you, no matter what happened after–if she beat you or left you or you’re lonely now–you once lay there, the vernix not yet wiped off, and someone gazed at you as if you were the first sunrise seen from the Earth. The whole wing of the airport hushed, all of us trying to slip into that woman’s middle-aged body, her plaid Bermuda shorts, sleeveless blouse, glasses, little gold hoop earrings, tilting our heads up. ”
“ Giving Birth by Marcus Amaker do you remember when the earth was just a baby, settling in its skin, safe in the arms of mother nature with fire breathing from within. you were not shackled by time and life roamed around your heart with the weight of dinosaurs, leaving footprints in your lungs. and the first time you saw the sun you could barely breathe because the possibility of endless light planted a seed so you admire the strength of trees, who naturally grew into unwavering beauty, staring down the mouth of time. do you remember being 11 years old when your mother told you “birth is more painful than dying” and you burst with dreams without even trying, seeking light in your heart, where shadows now rest comfortably next to fear. but you come out of the woods clear, with nature’s breath under your tongue, and a weightless bliss, no longer scared of death.”
“ I like stories very much,” the priest said. “They help me understand myself better.”
“ I live with regrets - the bittersweet loss of innocence - the red track of the moon upon the lake - the inability to return and do it again ”
“ I sense that stepping into the light is also a powerful metaphor for consciousness, for the birth of the knowing mind, for the simple and yet momentous coming of the sense of self into the world of the mental.”
“ I would train myself to make my work so mechanical that I could concentrate much of my energy on listening and watching. My knowledge, I believed, would still the voices of despair inside me.”
“ Inventory: "Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe. Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt. Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne. Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
“ Ipsa scientia potestas est. Knowledge itself is power.”
“ Is there anyone that knows the absolute truth? ”
“ Ithaka As you set out for Ithaka hope the voyage is a long one, full of adventure, full of discovery. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, angry Poseidon—don’t be afraid of them: you’ll never find things like that on your way as long as you keep your thoughts raised high, as long as a rare excitement stirs your spirit and your body. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, wild Poseidon—you won’t encounter them unless you bring them along inside your soul, unless your soul sets them up in front of you. Hope the voyage is a long one. May there be many a summer morning when, with what pleasure, what joy, you come into harbors seen for the first time; may you stop at Phoenician trading stations to buy fine things, mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony, sensual perfume of every kind— as many sensual perfumes as you can; and may you visit many Egyptian cities to gather stores of knowledge from their scholars. Keep Ithaka always in your mind. Arriving there is what you are destined for. But do not hurry the journey at all. Better if it lasts for years, so you are old by the time you reach the island, wealthy with all you have gained on the way, not expecting Ithaka to make you rich. Ithaka gave you the marvelous journey. Without her you would not have set out. She has nothing left to give you now. And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you. Wise as you will have become, so full of experience, you will have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.”
“ Many things that are true feel like a cheat. Kingdoms get the princes they deserve, farmers’ daughters die for no reason, and sometimes witches merit saving. Quite often, actually. You’d be surprised. ”
“ Mathematical Knowledge adds a manly Vigour to the Mind, frees it from Prejudice , Credulity , and Superstition .”
“ No one can surely know what knowledge is without the presence of truth.”
“ Our entire life worth's less than one moment of the absolute's truth vanity. ”
“ TO BE is life's dilemma while facing the eternity of death.”
“ The absolute truth is one for an infinity of possible relative truths which lie. ”
“ The truth can only be absolute as any relativity may include the untruth towards the system of reference where it varies.”
“ The well of your soul will not experience the drought until in front of her will appear the moment of eternity to drink from the water of death.”
“ They don't read, and they can't write to save their lives. They've never heard of most of the presidents of the United States, they think America won the war in Vietnam, they think Prohibition was a law that made it illegal to own slaves. That was Cole's father, fuming about his students. Cole suspects at least some of this could also be said about Tracy. And it's not just what they don't know, it's what they don't want to know. Tracy is what his father would call intellectually lazy.”
“ Turn our thoughts, in the next place, to the characters of learned men. The priesthood have, in all ancient nations, nearly monopolized learning. Read over again all the accounts we have of Hindoos, Chaldeans, Persians, Greeks, Romans, Celts, Teutons, we shall find that priests had all the knowledge, and really governed all mankind. Examine Mahometanism, trace Christianity from its first promulgation; knowledge has been almost exclusively confined to the clergy. And, even since the Reformation, when or where has existed a Protestant or dissenting sect who would tolerate a free inquiry? The blackest billingsgate, the most ungentlemanly insolence, the most yahooish brutality is patiently endured, countenanced, propagated, and applauded. But touch a solemn truth in collision with a dogma of a sect, though capable of the clearest proof, and you will soon find you have disturbed a nest, and the hornets will swarm about your legs and hands, and fly into your face and eyes. [ Letters to John Taylor, 1814, XVIII, p. 484 ]”
“ We are beings only in the extent of Our Life's Illusion. ”
“ We should all have the freedom to die with majesty in an unworthy life which was subjected to sin and vanity. ”
“ What I have denied and what my reason compels me to deny, is the existence of a Being throned above us as a god, directing our mundane affairs in detail, regarding us as individuals, punishing us, rewarding us as human judges might. When the churches learn to take this rational view of things, when they become true schools of ethics and stop teaching fables, they will be more effective than they are to-day  If they would turn all that ability to teaching this one thing – the fact that honesty is best, that selfishness and lies of any sort must surely fail to produce happiness – they would accomplish actual things. Religious faiths and creeds have greatly hampered our development. They have absorbed and wasted some fine intellects. That creeds are getting to be less and less important to the average mind with every passing year is a good sign, I think, although I do not wish to talk about what is commonly called theology. The criticisms which have been hurled at me have not worried me. A man cannot control his beliefs. If he is honest in his frank expression of them, that is all that can in justice be required of him. Professor Thomson and a thousand others do not in the least agree with me. His criticism of me, as I read it, charged that because I doubted the soul’s immortality, or ‘personality,’ as he called it, my mind must be abnormal, ‘pathological,’ in other, words, diseased  I try to say exactly what I honestly believe to be the truth, and more than that no man can do. I honestly believe that creedists have built up a mighty structure of inaccuracy, based, curiously, on those fundamental truths which I, with every honest man, must not alone admit but earnestly acclaim. I have been working on the same lines for many years. I have tried to go as far as possible toward the bottom of each subject I have studied. I have not reached my conclusions through study of traditions; I have reached them through the study of hard fact. I cannot see that unproved theories or sentiment should be permitted to have influence in the building of conviction upon matters so important. Science proves its theories or it rejects them. I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God. I earnestly believe that I am right; I cannot help believing as I do  I cannot accept as final any theory which is not provable. The theories of the theologians cannot be proved. Proof, proof! That is what I always have been after; that is what my mind requires before it can accept a theory as fact. Some things are provable, some things disprovable, some things are doubtful. All the problems which perplex us, now, will, soon or late, be solved, and solved beyond a question through scientific investigation. The thing which most impresses me about theology is that it does not seem to be investigating. It seems to be asserting, merely, without actual study.  Moral teaching is the thing we need most in this world, and many of these men could be great moral teachers if they would but give their whole time to it, and to scientific search for the rock-bottom truth, instead of wasting it upon expounding theories of theology which are not in the first place firmly based. What we need is search for fundamentals, not reiteration of traditions born in days when men knew even less than we do now. [ Columbian Magazine interview ]”
“ When I Was One-And-Twenty When I was one-and-twenty I heard a wise man say, “Give crowns and pounds and guineas But not your heart away; Give pearls away and rubies But keep your fancy free.” But I was one-and-twenty, No use to talk to me. When I was one-and-twenty I heard him say again, “The heart out of the bosom Was never given in vain; ’Tis paid with sighs a plenty And sold for endless rue.” And I am two-and-twenty, And oh, ’tis true, ’tis true.”
“ When you love you give meaning to this world. ”
“ Where you see darkness, I see stars . - Laech Min-Glsain, from Poems, Prayers and Meditations on the Force, edited by Kozem Pel, Disciple of the Whills ”
“ Wisdom When I have ceased to break my wings Against the faultiness of things, And learned that compromises wait Behind each hardly opened gate, When I can look Life in the eyes, Grown calm and very coldly wise, Life will have given me the Truth, And taken in exchange -- my youth.”
“ Writings can be stolen, or changed, or used for evil purposes. But isn't the risk worth taking? The more people who share knowledge, the greater safeguard for it. Isn't there more danger in ignorance than knowledge?”
“ a blink of an eye in itself is nothing. But the eye that blinks, that is something.”
“ although our age far surpasses all previous ages in knowledge, there has been no correlative increase in wisdom.”
“ but in the case of contingent truths, that is, when something can exist in different ways, and none of its determinations are more necessary than others, the need for another principle arises, since that of contradiction vanishes  this principle, on which all contingent truths depend, and which is no less primitive or universal than that of contradiction, is the principle of sufficient reason.”
“ ducks and geese are foolish things, and must be looked after, but girls can take care of themselves.”
“ for a country is considered the more civilized the more the wisdom and efficiency of its laws hinder a weak man from becoming too weak or a powerful one too powerful.”
“ freedom can be a full-time job if you let it.”
“ he that knows all that Learning ever writ, knows only this--that he knows nothing yet. [Antonius Diogenes, trans. by Zeno Ninis]”
“ here's what I've learned - people will hurt you, but you don't have to respond - not every mean comment or cruel act deserves to be noticed  ”
“ hiding what you know is sometimes as important as knowing it ”
“ it doesn’t make any difference. Whether we’re being lied to or not, we still have to get up and go to work and pay the bills and all the rest.”
“ it is interesting to consider research on mastery versus performance goals in learning (Dweck 1999), discussed more in chapter 5. People with mastery orientations, in brief, are people who are interested in learning in order to master a topic. They tend to like challenges, and they persist at them. People with performance goals, in contrast, tend to like to do easy jobs that make them look good. They want to be judged positively. Although these two different orientations appear to characterize two different people, the same person can adopt different orientations under different environmental conditions. And it ends up that the particular conditions under which people are more apt to adopt mastery goals bear striking similarities to Montessori environments (Ames, 1992, see chapter 5).”
“ it is never safe to classify the souls of one's neighbors; one is apt, in the long run, to be proved a fool. You should regard each meeting with a friend as a sitting he is unwillingly giving you for a portrait -- a portrait that, probably, when you or he die, will still be unfinished. And, though this is an absorbing pursuit, nevertheless, the painters are apt to end pessimists. For however handsome and merry may be the face, however rich the background, in the first rough sketch of each portrait, yet with every added stroke of the brush, with every tiny readjustment of the 'values,' with every modification of the chiaroscuro, the eyes looking out at you grow more disquieting. And, finally, it is your own face that you are staring at in terror, as in a mirror by candle-light, when all the house is still.”
“ knowledge imprisons you. You cannot escape it. What you know you cannot unknow. That's why knowledge is dangerous. Learning will redefine your world, irreversibly.”
“ knowledge would not necessarily serve them, nor would it make them happy. There was a chance it would instead throw light on visions they did not want to see.”
“ on the other hand, sometimes knowing leads to serenity.”
“ power is synonymous with its own corruption, which is to say power equals corruption – and in the same way, truth is synonymous with its own transgression. Which means that in order to see the whole truth, you need to transgress it. In order to see truth in its entirety you have to get some distance, just as in order to see all of Earth, you have to travel thousands of kilometers into space.”
“ some nights I'd sneak out and listen to the radio in my Dad's old Chevy - children need solitude - they don't teach that in school ”
“ the historian has been trained in a society in which education and knowledge are put forward as technical problems of excellence and not as tools for contending social classes, races, nations ”
“ the holy men sat in an atmosphere reeking of antiquity, so thick with the dust of ages that you can't see through it --nor can they.”
“ the wise words of a friend and guide rang in my head. 'How would you distinguish a true servant of God from a traitor? You should take especial notice of how a person speaks, not of other things, but of God.”
“ they say [Finn] has tasted the Nuts of Wisdom." Elatha laughed. "Perhaps the Nuts of Wisdom will gird him against your sister.”
“ to her all books were the same and, as with her subjects, she felt a duty to approach them without prejudice Lauren Bacall, Winifred Holtby, Sylvia Plath - who were they? Only be reading could she find out.”
“ unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
“ wearing a turban of yellow, signifying knowledge, and a robe of purple, portraying purity and activity, Virchand Gandhi of Bombay delivered a lecture on the religions of India .”
“ when you put on your shortest dress, please leave some mystery in it. That's the difference between a miniskirt and a ho-skirt. A ho-skirt shows your Frisbee. A miniskirt shows just enough to cause some mystery. What these young women lack is mystery.”
“ where were answers to the truly deep questions? Religion promised those, though always in vague terms, while retreating from one line in the sand to the next. Don't look past this boundary, they told Galileo, then Hutton, Darwin, Von Neumann, and Crick, always retreating with great dignity before the latest scientific advance, then drawing the next holy perimeter at the shadowy rim of knowledge.”
“ you have to be godly to be wise  ”
“. . . I had found the edge. The place where you unstrap all your fastenings to the earth, to what you are what you have been, where you flame out on the edge of the spheres, and the sun and moon become eclipsed and the world below is as dead and remote and without interest as if it were glazed with ice. ”
“..perhaps indeed there exists but a single intelligence of which everyone is a co-tenant, an intelligence towards which each of us from out of his own separate body turns his eyes, as int a theatre where, if everyone has his own separate seat, there is on the other hand but a single stage.”
“..read widely because almost nothing has been everywhere applied.”
“100 Questions of Life 6. What is perfection? Perfection is imperfections we've made peace with.   13. What is nature? Nature is order within chaos. 14. What is order? Order is but friendship with chaos. 15. What is chaos? Chaos is order we are yet to understand.   21. What is knowledge? Knowledge is ignorance we've chosen to correct. 22. What is choice? Choice is the fulcrum of freedom. 23. What is freedom? Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility. 24. What is responsibility? Responsibility is the act of backbone. 25. What is backbone? Backbone is more than a stick to hang your head. 26. What is the head? Head is the mightiest carrier of progress. 27. What is progress? Progress is much more than mere functioning of nuts and bolts. 28. What are nuts and bolts? Nuts and bolts are our greatest defense against unforeseen terrors of nature, on earth and beyond.   53. What is heritage? Heritage, in moderation, is an aid to growth, unmoderated, poison.   57. What is death? Death is but the fear of life. 58. What is fear? Fear is but memory of our animal past. 59. What is memory? Memory is the fabric of time. 60. What is time? Time is the meaning behind moments.   78. What is curiosity? Curiosity is a challenge to superstition. 79. What is superstition? Superstition is nature's antidote to the insecurity of the unknown. 80. What is insecurity? Insecurity is wisdom of the jungle against possible predatory attack. 81. What is wisdom? Wisdom is the result of travel in mind, not in time or space.”
“17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die. -Holy Bible, Genesis 2:17 (KJV) "I see ..cause then we would be tempted to do evil  .sigh'   .knowledge. For it is a blessing, but first a curse." -A.J. Clark Jr”
“A Guardian is only as strong as its Muse.”
“A King will have his way in his own hall, be it folly or wisdom.”
“A Sufi will say – Everything is beautiful, even the dirt that clings beneath my feet.”
“A WORD TO THE WISE Let the world pass in its time-ridden race; never get caught in its snare. Remember, the only acceptable case for being in any particular place is having no business there.”
“A baby has brains, but it doesn't know much. Experience is the only thing that brings knowledge, and the longer you are on earth the more experience you are sure to get.”
“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“A book is a product of a pact with the Devil that inverts the Faustian contract, he'd told Allie. Dr Faustus sacrificed eternity in return for two dozen years of power; the writer agrees to the ruination of his life, and gains (but only if he's lucky) maybe not eternity, but posterity, at least. Either way (this was Jumpy's point) it's the Devil who wins.”
“A breeze, a forgotten summer, a smile, all can fit into a storefront window.”
“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.”
“A certificate without knowledge is a gun without bullets in your hand.”
“A certificate without knowledge is like a gun without bullets in your hand.”
“A child just needs to be loved,” Malia, an older and wiser single mother defiantly responded as I vented my fears promised me defiantly after I vented my deepest fear. “That is what matters. That is all that matters.” The glistening, translucent trappings of materialism, of keeping up and stretching ourselves beyond our means in everyday life dissolved. Possessions and pressed private school uniforms will never be more important than authentic, unconditional, wholehearted love – so vital yet so undervalued in our developed world of dizzying wants and mores.”
“A child raised by himself becomes a fool. But a child raised by The State becomes something worse—a fool that thinks he’s wise.”
“A civilization can easily drown in what it knows as in what doesn't know. Consider,' he continued, Gotho's Folly. Gotho's curse was in being too aware - of everything. Every permutation, every potential. Enough to poison every scan he cast on the world. It availed him naught, and worse, he was aware of even that.”
“A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.”
“A confused person, confuses everyone around them. When someone is lost. Whoever follows them becomes lost too. They find each other but they are lost together. Choose careful the people or leaders you follow. Choose carefully the people or friends you hang around with.”
“A craftsman pulled a reed from the reedbed, cut holes in it, and called it a human being. Since then, it's been wailing a tender agony of parting, never mentioning the skill that gave it life as a flute”
“A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good ”
“A desire not to butt into other people's business is at least eighty percent of all human wisdom.”
“A doctor may know more than a peasant, but a peasant and a doctor know more together.”
“A dog can never tell you what she knows from the smells of the world, but you know, watching her, that you know almost nothing.”
“A dog likes people who pat him on the head. That's because his thinking isn't complicated by knowledge and education”
“A farmer friend of mine told me recently about a busload of middle school children who came to his farm for a tour. The first two boys off the bus asked, "Where is the salsa tree?" They thought they could go pick salsa, like apples and peaches. Oh my. What do they put on SAT tests to measure this? Does anybody care? How little can a person know about food and still make educated decisions about it? Is this knowledge going to change before they enter the voting booth? Now that's a scary thought.”
“A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.”
“A fat person who is not able to keep himself awake, alive, fresh, active, not just kills his time, but life itself, because time is life.Time is the way we experience life. The time available to you is the way you experience life.”
“A few nights later, I secretly hope that I might be a genius. Why else can no amount of sleeping pills fell my brain? But in the morning my daughter asks me what a cloud is and I cannot say.”
“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”
“A fool can easily be known(identified) by what proceeds from his or her mouth.”
“A fool who floors on a seconds step the third time is a turned key ”
“A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell.”
“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.”
“A genuine smile is one of the world’s rarest treasures.”
“A good book can either uplift your spirit, expand your knowledge, teach you a good thing, motivate you to do a good deed, leave a good impact for your whole life, widen your horizons, or simply be a good companion in your good days and bad days.”
“A good book will give you answers to questions you didn't know you had. A great book will give you questions to answers you thought you knew.”
“A good exercise session leaves an athlete person gasping for air, sweating, and exhausted, and so is writing and drawing for writers and artists, but the brain is what pants and feels exhaustion. Writing and drawing are a great mental effort that equals tiring physical training. When you write and draw, you need to use all your brain muscles to transfer your ideas into the paper. Concentration, knowledge, experience, creativity, imagination, all unite, trying hard to finish a text or an art piece.”
“A good traveler leaves no tracks. Good speech lacks fault-finding.”
“A great benefit of Sabbath keeping is that we learn to let God take care of us — not by becoming passive and lazy, but in the freedom of giving up our feeble attempts to be God in our own lives.”
“A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.”
“A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.”
“A guilty conscience is jealousy's playground.”
“A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.”
“A house divided cannot stand.”
“A kind heart is a natural spring of wisdom.”
“A knavish speech sleeps in a fool's ear.”
“A knowledgeable person is one who has ongoing quest for knowledge, and vice-versa”
“A lazy man often lacks the motivation to fight the very thing that has sapped him of his motivation.”
“A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn." À qui la faute? (1872)”
“A little Learning is a dangerous Thing.”
“A little learning is a dangerous thing. Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring; There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again.”
“A lizard brain fired the gun that wounded you, but it was the combination of three brains that orchestrated the elaborate circumstances in which the trigger was pulled. Way back when, the Landlord believed a second brain would endow some of his lower life forms with the capacity for emotional connections. By adding the third brain, he probably planned on having his  higher forms empowered with the ability to not only think before acting, but to feel regret afterwards when their actions were wrong. But that’s not what happened, is it?”
“A long time ago, I discovered that all I have been taught about the disconnect and the contradiction between the heart and the mind is false and misleading. I have learned to feel with my mind and think with my heart. I have learned that the two are not enemies, but Siamese twins – you can’t silence one without crushing the other, too.”
“A lot of wisdom goes to waste because people speak it openly into the air during conversations, and it dissipates into the atmosphere without raining back down in the form of written text to be read in the future.”
“A lot of young girls think that the opposite of fake is rudeness. And just as ugly as fake is, so is saying whatever is on your mind because it's the truth.”
“A love affair with knowledge will never end in heartbreak.”
“A lover exists only in fragments, a dozen or so if the romance is new, a thousand if we're married to him, and out of those fragments our heart constructs an entire person. What we each create, since whatever is missing is filled by our imagination, is the person we wish him to be. The less we know him, of course, the more we love him. And that's why we always remember that first rapturous night when he was a stranger, and why this rapture returns only when he's dead.”
“A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.”
“A man can't pull himself up by his own bootstraps no matter how hard he tries, Cort had lectured when Roland, Cuthbert, Alain and Jamie had been little more than toddlers.”
“A man cannot grow wise before he has had his share of winters in the world.”
“A man convinced against his will Is of the same opinion still”
“A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.”
“A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.”
“A man knows how to confront confrontation without being confrontational.”
“A man must never die without the knowledge of his Maker.”
“A man must not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.”
“A man of logic is a man of sin.”
“A man of the world understands the world, but a man of God understands life. For in their purest of forms, the one comes through perhaps that application of human knowledge, but the other comes through that of a proper and divine wisdom.”
“A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.”
“A man went on a journey to seek, only to discover that he was the very thing he was searching for; to know himself.”
“A man who denies his past is a man who truly denies himself a future, for he refuses to know himself, and to deny knowledge of oneself is to stumble through life as handicapped as the blind mute.”
“A man without words is a man without thought.”
“A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge. ”
“A masterpiece which comes out from nothing is a craft but the thoughts which shapes out from knowledge are always beautiful drafts.”
“A mind set in its ways is wasted. Don't do it.”
“A moment of consideration often prevents a thousand apologies”
“A moment’s beginning ends in a moment”
“A monk should surely love his books with humility, wishing their good and not the glory of his own curiosity; but what the temptation of adultery is for laymen and the yearning for riches is for secular ecclesiastics, the seduction of knowledge is for monks.”
“A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.”
“A mountain shrouded in mist is not hiding anything profound. There is no more wisdom on top of that mountain than there is anywhere else. It is just as sacred as a nap below the bough of a tree, washing the dishes, the sun fading over a meadow, belly laughter, a walk down a narrow path.”
“A movie: tells the story; of a person(s); in the pursuit of an Objective(s); in the face of Opposition(s); with someone to talk to; with an underlying theme, in a clearly defined genre; with an emotionally satisfying resolution. Does yours?”
“A nation which expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, expects that which never was and never will be.”
“A noble leader answers not to the trumpet calls of self promotion, but to the hushed whispers of necessity.”
“A paradox is a truth in absolute defiance of the instant powers of logic to communicate it.”
“A path is made by walking on it.”
“A people religiously right, will not long remain politically wrong.”
“A person is a person through other persons. None of us comes into the world fully formed. We would not know how to think, or walk, or speak, or behave as human beings unless we learned it from other human beings. We need other human beings in order to be human. I am because other people are. A person is entitled to a stable community life, and the first of these communities is the family.”
“A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn't implement any of it.”
“A person must earn enlightenment, Eragon. It is not handed down to you by others, regardless of how revered they be.”
“A person of little knowledge Grows old as a plough-ox grows old. His fleshes increases; His wisdom does not increase.”
“A person whose name we know is way more likely, to get our attention, than a person whose name we do not know. The opposite is true, when it comes to things.”
“A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.”
“A philosopher is a lover of wisdom, not of knowledge, which for all its great uses ultimately suffers from the crippling effect of ephemerality. All knowledge is transient linked to the world around it and subject to change as the world changes, whereas wisdom, true wisdom is eternal immutable. To be philosophical one must love wisdom for its own sake, accept its permanent validity and yet its perpetual irrelevance. It is the fate of the wise to understand the process of history and yet never to shape it.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding.”
“A primary requirement in every enterprise in habit-formation is self-confidence.”
“A problem well put is half solved.”
“A proof once established is better left so.”
“A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see”
“A rational judge will conditionally be accused of being biased as and when it suits either party's interest.”
“A shade of sorrow passed over Taliesin's face. 'There are those,' he said gently, 'who must first learn loss, despair, and grief. Of all paths to wisdom, this is the cruelest and longest. Are you one who must follow such a way? This even I cannot know. If you are, take heart nonetheless. Those who reach the end do more than gain wisdom. As rough wool becomes cloth, and crude clay a vessel, so do they change and fashion wisdom for others, and what they give back is greater than what they won.”
“A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.”
“A sign of intelligence is an awareness of one's own ignorance.”
“A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it.”
“A single person cannot know even a billionth of what is known, which is not even a trillionth of what there is to know.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.”
“A society without morals by default teaches wrong things and behavior. That everyone there graduates to become a world class freak, schmuck and a criminal. They end up becoming a burden and a problem to the system and to everyone.”
“A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist”
“A spoon does not know the taste of soup, nor a learned fool the taste of wisdom.”
“A statement made from the heart has an aroma, it has lights, it has earth and sun and moon. It is colorful and it grasps the attention of those around you, like the sunset.”
“A stranger is shot in the street, you hardly move to help. But if, half an hour before, you spent just ten minutes with the fellow and knew a little about him and his family, you might just jump in front of his killer and try to stop it. Really knowing is good. Not knowing, or refusing to know is bad, or amoral, at least. You can’t act if you don’t know.”
“A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?" Suzuki Roshi replied, "No reason.”
“A teacher who cannot explain any abstract subject to a child does not himself thoroughly understand his subject; if he does not attempt to break down his knowledge to fit the child's mind, he does not understand teaching.”
“A thousand years ago, everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, they knew the Earth was flat. Fifteen minutes ago, you knew we humans were alone on it. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.”
“A true student of knowledge remains a 'student' forever!”
“A truly good book is something as natural, and as unexpectedly and unaccountably fair and perfect, as a wild flower discovered on the prairies of the West or in the jungles of the East. Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself,--and not a taper lighted at the hearth-stone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.”
“A truly patient fisher may not always find a catch but they always retrieve knowledge from the water and the land.”
“A truth is not any less truthful, when it is said by someone who did not discover, or does not understand, it.”
“A vampire is branding girls, okay?" I ignored his refusal. "Something about that just feels wrong to me." "I would hope so.”
“A very large percent of the thoughts and feelings that people attach themselves to are useless to living. The mind tells us otherwise. It will say that this thought or that feeling is crucial to existing. But existing has little to do with living and still less with consciously living.”
“A very powerful, superior, independent intelligence is responsible for this whole organism. If you can just sit unclutched, you will understand that dharma. You will be able to decode the software on which you are functioning. You will see how the command to your lungs is passed, what kind of command is given to your heart, how your brain cognizes everything. Then your consciousness will automatically recognise the software coding based on which your organism is functioning.”
“A virtuos woman is not moved by big names and flamboyance, but only men of profound wisdom and integrity move her.”
“A visitor is a friend, he brings news, good or bad, which is bread to the hungry minds in lonely places. A real friend who comes to the house is a heavenly messenger, who brings the panis angelorum.”
“A watched phone never buzzed”
“A wealth of experience and wisdom doesn't have to be a dead giveaway to your increasing years. The spin you put on it is what will keep you young. Don't let it make you bitter. Learn from it, and let it make you better.”
“A well-written article does not make what was written factual or something to subscribe to. Fiction does not become fact because it looks good. Fiction does not become fact because you wish it were true. Fiction does not become fact because it has turned into popular opinion. Remember this before reading the news, views, opinions or commentary.”
“A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.”
“A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.”
“A wise man does not argue. A man who argues is not wise. Learned men are not wise, for learning daily adds to ideas and certainties, while wisdom daily lets something go.”
“A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.”
“A wise man is able to differentiate between humility and weakness, he does not mistake courage for pride.”
“A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.”
“A wise man, once he is past fifty, does not befuddle his senses with strong drink, nor make violent love in the cool spring night, nor dance on his hands.”
“A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.”
“A wise person is like a smoothly polished rock: it takes time to become either.”
“A wise seeks the knowledge and a fool seeks the money.”
“A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.”
“A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.”
“A wonderful area for speculative academic work is the unknowable. These days religious subjects are in disfavor, but there are still plenty of good topics. The nature of consciousness, the workings of the brain, the origin of aggression, the origin of language, the origin of life on earth, SETI and life on other worlds this is all great stuff. Wonderful stuff. You can argue it interminably. But it can't be contradicted, because nobody knows the answer to any of these topics.”
“A wse man can stll see when you cut out hs eyes.”
“AI detects every probable event. Media or justice interpret with prejudice or interests not truth. They create false realities remotely abusing targets to make it seem like the targets did what they plotted. You congratulate criminals!”
“ALL THE BEST QUALITIES YOU CAN IMAGINE, VISUALISE, ALL THAT PUT TOGETHER AND SOMETHING MORE - IS PARAMASHIVA.BY KNOWING HOW I EXIST, YOU WILL BECOME ME, BECAUSE YOU WILL RECOGNIZE THAT YOU ALSO EXIST IN THE SAME WAY.”
“ATHMAHANA! Even while you are alive, saying “YES” to death, is “Athmahana”, hell. Even during the so-called death, saying “YES” is liberation, enlightenment. Varanasi stands for that principle, principle of saying “YES” to life even when it presents death! Listen! Saying “YES” to life even when it presents death! Saying “NO” to life in any form is “Athmahana”,”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“About twelve years ago I was studying biomechanics, learning from a professor who was one of the leading researchers in the world when it came to understanding the biomechanics of the spine. Ten years later I saw him walking down the street looking like a walking advertisement for the letter C. Yep, the man with probably the most knowledge of the spine of anybody on the planet had just about the worst spine degeneration I’ve ever seen. Granted, there may have been genetic factors involved, but I dare say the office working life would have had a lot to do with why he crumpled down so quickly and severely. Knowledge doesn’t fix everything. And very often, when it comes to matters of physical health, awareness trumps knowledge.”
“Above all he wanted to escape what he knew, escape the implications of what he had been told. And all he knew in the world about the world was what other people had told him.”
“Accept the past as the past and realize that each new day you are a new person who doesn’t need to carry old baggage into the new day with you. It’s amazing how many people ruin the beauty of today with the sorrows of yesterday. Yesterday doesn’t exist anymore! For example, if ever I feel foolish or guilty about something I’ve done, I learn from it and attempt to do better the next time. Shame or guilt serves no one. Such feelings actually keep us down, often lowering the vibrations of those around us, as well. Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“Accepting that I know so little about myself is the beginning of understanding everything about life.”
“Accepting the reality of change gives rise to equanimity.”
“Acquire the knowledge and experiences that will help you find growth, if you desire growth.”
“Acquire worldly wisdom and adjust your behavior accordingly. If your new behavior gives you a little temporary unpopularity with your peer group…then to hell with them.”
“Acquiring knowledge is a form of imitation.”
“Acquiring knowledge is the best defense against our emotions.”
“Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.”
“Act as if it was, and it will be.”
“Actions are the children of thoughts.”
“Add friendliness to love. As of now, our lust is deep-rooted violence to possess the other person. Add friendliness to the relationship. Welcome the partner as he or she is; do not just accept him or her. Welcome and accept the mind, body and being as it is. Then you can see lust turns to love and your being is in eternal bliss”
“Addiction Is The Complete Form Of Renunciation Because You Attain Wisdom, Thiruchitrambalam.”
“Adding more people causes problems. But people are also the means to solve these problems. The main fuel to speed the world’s progress is our stock of knowledge; the brakes are our lack of imagination and unsound social regulations of these activities. The ultimate resource is people—especially skilled, spirited, and hopeful young people endowed with liberty—who will exert their wills and imaginations for their own benefits, and so inevitably they will benefit the rest of us as well.”
“Adolescence is the same tragedy being performed again and again. The only things that change are the stage props.”
“Adventure is not outside man; it is within.”
“Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.”
“Advice," Doña Vorchenza chuckled. "Advice. The years play a sort of alchemical trick, transmuting one's mutterings to a state of respectability. Give advice at forty and you're a nag. Give it at seventy and you're a sage.”
“Áed’s hopefulness could be downright lovely, but sometimes, it felt dangerous to acknowledge. As if by allowing himself to enjoy it, he’d lose any chance of it becoming true.”
“Aeschylus writes, "In our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God.”
“Affliction is often that thing which prepares an ordinary person for some sort of an extraordinary destiny.”
“After a few days of playing with the blindfolded archery, he was asking me, ‘what is going on? Do you understand what I said?’ I said, ‘yes swamiji, I am trying to understand’. He put his hand on my head and asked me to do the same: aiming at the goal with my eyes tied and his hand on my head - initiation, anupaya! When I sent the arrow, by the time the arrow hit the exact point, my focus hit the oneness!”
“After a point you have to lose your ideas about gods to meet real gods, you have to lose spiritual knowledge to find the soul, you have to lose everything that can be lost to find that which can't be lost.”
“After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.”
“After attainment of Supreme Knowledge a man lives but he does not lead an ordinary man’s life. He lives, he eats, he sleeps and by God’s commandment he becomes a ‘man-catcher’ as Christ told Peter.”
“After his experience with Minos, Nico realized that most spectres held only as much power as you allowed them to have. They pried into your mind, using fear or anger or longing to influence you. Nico had learned to shield himself. Sometimes he could even turn the tables and bend ghosts to his will.”
“After the final no there comes a yes / And on that yes the future world depends.”
“After this, Boy became very curious about the mansion where the clothes and the food came from. He made me describe everything. Then he asked Good Thing 'Are there books in this mansion, too?' 'And pictures and jewels,' Good Thing said through me. 'What does Master wish me to fetch? There is a golden harp, a musical box like a bird, a—' 'Just books,' said Boy. 'I need to learn. I'm still so ignorant.”
“Age and knowledge don't always come together. Sometimes you just get the age ”
“Age is a hell of a price to pay for wisdom”
“Aggressive is necessary for acquisition of knowledge.”
“Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?”
“Ah, child and youth, if you knew the bliss which resides in the taste of knowledge, and the evil and ugliness that lies in ignorance, how well you are advised to not complain of the pain and labor of learning.”
“Ah, not in knowledge is happiness, but in the acquisition of knowledge! In for ever knowing, we are for ever blessed; but to know all were the curse of a fiend.”
“Alas, how terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the man that's wise! This I knew well, but had forgotten it, else I would not have come here.”
“All I needed to do was, create an ecosystem inside and outside them where the brain does not feel tired or bored, and by its own experience of its ‘I’ ness, existence, it needs to be excited, inspired; experience atma ananda / swaroopa ananda, means what they think of themselves as their swarupa, that itself is exciting, inspiring!”
“All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.”
“All censorship should be deplored.”
“All children are atheists, they have no idea of God.”
“All explicit knowledge is translated knowledge, and all translation is imperfect.”
“All inquiries carry with them some element of risk.”
“All knowledge hurts.”
“All knowledge meets an end at the question ' Why?”
“All knowledge that is about human society, and not about the natural world, is historical knowledge, and therefore rests upon judgment and interpretation. This is not to say that facts or data are nonexistent, but that facts get their importance from what is made of them in interpretation… for interpretations depend very much on who the interpreter is, who he or she is addressing, what his or her purpose is, at what historical moment the interpretation takes place.”
“All men by nature desire to know.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“All of us need to make our voices heard on behalf of reason, knowledge, sanity and wisdom.”
“All our children's hopes and dreams turn to ashes in exam papers - their delicate baby wings crack under the weight of books - the classroom ends up as prison and to dream becomes a criminal offence. This is not education, this is bestiality.”
“All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.”
“All our knowledge brings us nearer to our ignorance, All our ignorance brings us nearer to death, But nearness to death no nearer to God. Where is the life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?”
“All our wisdom is stored in the trees.”
“All reasoning is based on either divine revelation or made-up stuff.”
“All sacrifice and suffering is redemptive. It is used to either teach the individual or to help others. Nothing is by chance.”
“All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.”
“All simple souls must admire and respect one another, saying: 'Let us proceed each one along our path to the same goal, united in purpose and by means of God's order which, in its great variety, is in us all.”
“All stories have a curious and even dangerous power. They are manifestations of truth -- yours and mine. And truth is all at once the most wonderful yet terrifying thing in the world, which makes it nearly impossible to handle. It is such a great responsibility that it's best not to tell a story at all unless you know you can do it right. You must be very careful, or without knowing it you can change the world.”
“All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.”
“All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the holiest of words are only words.”
“All that sadness. All that anger. It is the smoke that gets into your eyes. If you do not blow it away, how can you hope to see?”
“All the great transformation in you happens when you understand this destruction and rejuvenation is the best form of existence.”
“All the intellect and knowledge in the world turn dim in front of one simple act of love and kindness.”
“All the perplexities, confusions, and distresses in America arise, not from defects in their constitution or confederation, not from a want of honor or virtue, so much as from downright ignorance of the nature of coin, credit, and circulation.”
“All things are strange which are worth knowing.”
“All those years I thought that it was power that brought responsibility. It's not. I was wrong. It's responsibility that brings power. It's knowing what needs to be done that brings strength. And courage.”
“All truly wise thoughts have been thought already thousands of times; but to make them truly ours, we must think them over again honestly, until they take root in our personal experience.”
“All we know is what we're told.”
“All worries are less with wine.”
“All you can do is make your decisions based on what you know now.”
“Although history may therefore seem like a series of inevitable events, the actual future is seldom foreseen.”
“Although the pure truth has never been stated, nevertheless it has never been lost. Its existence does not depend upon human statement but upon human sensitivity. In this it is unlike all other knowledge.”
“Always believe something wonderful is about to happen”
“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”
“Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?”
“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
“Always give your resume of good deeds when you run into someone that you wronged many years ago. They simply need to know today's version of you, before they judge you on yesterday's news.”
“Always hear others out and remain open-minded; the day you think you know everything is the day you have the most yet to learn.”
“Always take a compliment, Caroline. Always take it for the way it was intended. You girls are always so quick to twist what others say. Simply say thank you and move on.”
“Always tell everything to your atma murti. You can pray, cry, express your frustration, joy, gratitude, fight, everything with your atma murti. Continuously talking to your atma linga and atma murti will give shakti and buddhi to change what you need to change and above all bhakti - romance with existence and cosmos continuously!”
“Always there is something more to know”
“Am I a fraud, then, or a scholar? I am both, of course, as we all are. Half of what I know I do not believe. Half of what I believe I cannot prove. For the rest, I hope to muddle through and my mistakes go without comment.”
“Am I a man of great wisdom? Hardly! Even when a simple person brings me a question, my mind goes utterly blank, I just thrash it out until I’ve exhausted every possibility.”
“Among wise men there is no place at all left for hatred. For no one except the greatest of fools would hate good men. And there is no reason at all for hating the bad. For just as weakness is a disease of the body, so wickedness is a disease of the mind. And if this is so, since we think of people who are sick in body as deserving sympathy rather than hatred, much more so do they deserve pity rather than blame who suffer an evil more severe than any physical illness.”
“Amory, sorry for them, was still not sorry for himself - art, politics, religion, whatever his medium should be, he knew he was safe now, free from all hysteria - he could accept what was acceptable, roam, grow, rebel, sleep deep through many nights  There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth - yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams  And he could not tell why the struggle was worth while, why he had determined to use to the utmost himself and his heritage from the personalities he had passed  He stretched out his arms to the crystalline, radiant sky. "I know myself," he cried, "but that is all.”
“An Author is the Guide of Source of Knowledge.”
“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”
“An abundance of discoveries befogged the heads of my former contemporaries who made atheism a fashion, too. Even then, they were reminiscent of a ladybug on the highway who's charmed by her own motion and crawls a dozen meters. The ladybug seems to think she's learned and grasped everything. She will never find out, though, where the highway begins and where it leads.”
“An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, a fair-weather companion flatters when all is well, a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.”
“An age cannot bind itself and ordain to put the succeeding one into such a condition that it cannot extend its (at best very occasional) knowledge , purify itself of errors, and progress in general enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature, the proper destination of which lies precisely in this progress and the descendants would be fully justified in rejecting those decrees as having been made in an unwarranted and malicious manner. The touchstone of everything that can be concluded as a law for a people lies in the question whether the people could have imposed such a law on itself .”
“An almost perfect relationship with his father was the earthly root of all his wisdom. From his own father, he said, he first learned that Fatherhood must be at the core of the universe. [speaking of George MacDonald]”
“An argument is a war without weapons”
“An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.”
“An arrival always follows a departure. To achieve a goal you must depart from something.”
“An arrow unleashed by an archer may kill a single man or not kill anyone; but a strategy unleashed by a wise man kills even those still in the womb (10.6.51)”
“An educated man should know everything about something and something about everything”
“An educated theologian: someone who's better at rationalizing what they're pretending to know.”
“An entire mythology is stored within our language.”
“An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.”
“An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject, and how to avoid them.”
“An extremely knowledgeable person is the one who have quest for knowledge, and vice-versa.”
“An eye for an eye and the whole world goes blind.”
“An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.”
“An opinion is a poor substitute for understanding.”
“An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.”
“An unwise advisor cannot hope to advise wisely.”
“Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.”
“And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.”
“And a new philosophy emerged called quantum physics, which suggest that the individual’s function is to inform and be informed. You really exist only when you’re in a field sharing and exchanging information. You create the realities you inhabit.”
“And as his body thaws into hers, he is no longer sure where her pleasure ends and his begins, for bodies and minds deliquesce into something of a stupor.”
“And don’t forget: Elvendork! It’s unisex!”
“And even as each one of you stands alone in God's knowledge, so must each one of you be alone in his knowledge of God and in his understanding of the earth.”
“And if Amsterdam was hell, and if hell was a memory, then he realized that perhaps there was some purpose to his being lost. Cut off from everything that was familiar to him, unable to discover even a single point of reference, he saw that his steps, by taking him nowhere, were taking him him nowhere but into himself. He was wandering inside himself, and he was lost. Far from troubling him, this state of being lost because a source of happiness, of exhilaration. He breathed it into his very bones. As if on the brink of some previously hidden knowledge, he breathed it into his very bones and said to himself, almost triumphantly: I am lost.”
“And if you have curiousity, you have everything: 1. It's nearly impossible for you to be bored. 2. You'll be a lifelong learner. 3. You'll probably be a traveler. 4. You'll definitely be an empathetic person, because you'll want to learn people's stories and what makes them tick.”
“And last are the few whose delight is in meditation and understanding; who yearn not for goods, nor for victory, but for knowledge; who leave both market and battlefield to lose themselves in the quiet clarity of secluded thought; whose will is a light rather than a fire, whose haven is not power but truth: these are the men of wisdom, who stand aside unused by the world.”
“And no matter how much the gray people in power despise knowledge, they can’t do anything about historical objectivity; they can slow it down, but they can’t stop it. Despising and fearing knowledge, they will nonetheless inevitably decide to promote it in order to survive. Sooner or later they will be forced to allow universities and scientific societies, to create research centers, observatories, and laboratories, and thus to create a cadre of people of thought and knowledge: people who are completely beyond their control, people with a completely different psychology and with completely different needs. And these people cannot exist and certainly cannot function in the former atmosphere of low self-interest, banal preoccupations, dull self-satisfaction, and purely carnal needs. They need a new atmosphere— an atmosphere of comprehensive and inclusive learning, permeated with creative tension; they need writers, artists, composers— and the gray people in power are forced to make this concession too. The obstinate ones will be swept aside by their more cunning opponents in the struggle for power, but those who make this concession are, inevitably and paradoxically, digging their own graves against their will. For fatal to the ignorant egoists and fanatics is the growth of a full range of culture in the people— from research in the natural sciences to the ability to marvel at great music. And then comes the associated process of the broad intellectualization of society: an era in which grayness fights its last battles with a brutality that takes humanity back to the middle ages, loses these battles, and forever disappears as an actual force.”
“And remember that within every lie, there is a truth hidden. Know the truth to defeat the lie.”
“And she kisses him with a hunger, using her tongue, and he closes his eyes and sees only the brilliance of pure blinding light. ”
“And so I spent some time pondering the idea that the nucleus of a university resides in its knowledge contained, preserved, and disseminated: without a library, there is no university.”
“And so Jesus continued to preach in those lands and one day, when he was in the city of Pataliputra or modern-day Patna, close to the River Ganges, Jesus met a beautiful young woman whose name was Mari, better known today as Mary Magdalene: an attractive woman who was some ten-years younger than Jesus was.”
“And so even the righteous heart is besieged by the blinding light of false knowledge. Falsity is like an ocean that presses around solitary moments of truth, treatening to overwhelm or blind the seekers of knowledge, to eradicate them in an instant of self-deceiving brilliance. Knowledge is power; it guards our souls - guard it well.”
“And so seated next to my father in the train compartment, I suddenly asked, "Father, what is sexsin?" He turned to look at me, as he always did when answering a question, but to my surprise he said nothing. At last he stood up, lifted his traveling case off the floor and set it on the floor. Will you carry it off the train, Corrie?" he said. I stood up and tugged at it. It was crammed with the watches and spare parts he had purchased that morning. It's too heavy," I said. Yes," he said, "and it would be a pretty poor father who would ask his little girl to carry such a load. It's the same way, Corrie, with knowledge. Some knowledge is too heavy for children. When you are older and stronger, you can bear it. For now you must trust me to carry it for you.”
“And someone, somewhere, was having an even worse time of it than me. I tried to keep that in mind. No matter how crappy your life, someone will probably beat you in the my-life-is-crap category. Not that I don't let myself whine a little now and then, but sometimes it's good to keep your misery in perspective”
“And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.”
“And the more I understood about love, the more I fell out of it.”
“And this is apparently not without merit. Because in our countries for some time now a great hurricane of subversion has arisen, pushed forward by I do not know what vicious demons—and doubtless in accord with the life-style that we have made our own, unfortunately. This hurricane tries to reverse our traditional order of values, to throw out all that we put forward as being unselfish, gracious and open to the world, open to things and to others, all that is active in dilating our minds and our hearts. It wants to replace it by the single, brutal, arithmetic, and inhuman motivation of profit. Henceforth, all that counts, all that is to be considered and preserved, is what brings profit. The truly ideal aspects of knowledge will not be more valuable than those of interest rates and of financial laws. The only sciences that are to be encouraged are those that teach us how to exploit the earth and the people. Besides that, everything is useless.”
“And thus, the actions of life often not allowing any delay, it is a truth very certain that, when it is not in our power to determine the most true opinions we ought to follow the most probable.”
“And we must live with the knowledge that there is no knowledge.”
“And what is enlightenment anyway but delusions we can live with?”
“And whenever any one informs us that he has found a man who knows all the arts, and all things else that anybody knows, and every single thing with a higher degree of accuracy than any other man –whoever tells us this, I think that we can only imagine him to be a simple creature who is likely to have been deceived by some wizard or actor whom he met, and whom he thought all-knowing, because he himself was unable to analyze the nature of knowledge and ignorance and imitation.”
“And, as always happens, and happens far too soon, the strange and wonderful becomes a memory and a memory becomes a dream. Tomorrow it's gone.”
“And, at such a time, for a few of us there will always be a tugging at the heart—knowing a precious moment had gone and we not there. We can ask and ask but we can’t have again what once seemed ours for ever—the way things looked, that church alone in the fields, a bed on belfry floor, a remembered voice, a loved face. They’ve gone and you can only wait for the pain to pass. ”
“Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect.”
“Anger for the sake of anger leads us nowhere. It destroys our ability to be wise and discerning about a situation.”
“Anger has its place, but it will not serve you here, the way of the warrior is the way of knowing. Of that knowledge requires you to use anger, then you use anger, but you cannot wrest forth knowledge by losing your temper.”
“Angry people are not always wise.”
“Angry people are not often wise.”
“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so. At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”
“Anna's eyes soften, and the stubborn tears begin to recede. The way she stands, the way she breathes, I know she wants to come closer. New knowledge fills up the air between us and neither of us wants to breathe it in.”
“Another way, and this applies to all the areas covered under this section, is by practicing what I call intellectual boycotting, which I simply define as: boycotting any intellectual or writer canonized and imposed on us through Western academic institutions, media, or any other institution with money and power. Note that this doesn’t mean not to read them, but rather, to read and cite them (if necessary) with caution, and preferably with the intent of debunking or exposing their silences and blind spots rather than using them as a compass to evaluate other forms of knowledge.”
“Anxiety, trauma and crisis are necessary catalysts to stimulate self-consciousness.”
“Any enjoyment that leads to wisdom is inevitable”
“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”
“Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you.”
“Any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.”
“Any man who has got himself set over others and don't have any responsibility to something bigger than him is a son of a bitch.”
“Any powerful cognition / conclusion you experience, arrive at, you need to prepare your body also sincerely for that. You need to work for it. You need to have sincerity in your mind.”
“Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.”
“Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.”
“Anyone can buy a flower, but it takes more to grow one and let its beauty live on.”
“Anyone sitting under the iluppai tree intensely smells or does pranayama of that iluppai tree’s breathing space, can live without the need of an external source of glucose, without taking white / brown sugar, any source for glucose. Your internal organs will be so active, they can directly take the glucose energy by the pranayama under the iluppai tree.”
“Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best, he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear his shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.”
“Anyone with half a mind could see that," said Tiffany. Miss Tick sighed. "Yes. But sometimes it's so hard to find half a mind when you need one.”
“Anyone/brand doing well in any field knows something and someone you don't know.”
“Anything anyone says about me is invalid and not approved by me. Only what I say about myself is true.”
“Anything is stunning when it’s gigantic. Humans always visited and prayed to things titled the largest.”
“Anything that comes your way by force was not meant for you. Everything that locates you on it's own was yours and will be yours forever.”
“Anything that just adds information you can't use is plain dangerous. Anyway, there's too much of everything of this kind, that's come home to me, too much history and culture to keep track of, too many details, too much news, too much example, too much influence, too many guys who tell you to be as they are, and all this hugeness, abundance, turbulence, Niagara Falls torrent. Which who is supposed to interpret? Me? I haven't got that much head to master it all. I get carried away. It doesn't give my feelings enough of a chance if I have to store up and become like an encyclopedia. Why, just as a question of time spent in getting prepared for life, look! a man could spent forty, fifty, sixty years like that inside the walls of his own being. And all high conversation would take place within those walls. And all achievement would stay within those walls. And all glamour too. And even hate, monstrousness, enviousness, murder, would be inside them. This would be only a terrible, hideous dream about existing. It's better to dig ditches and hit other guys with your shovel than die in the walls.”
“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
“Anything worth knowing is worth knowing deeply.”
“Anyway, the trick is simply this: No matter what happens, keep your heart open. Wide open. The heart is made of love, and love is indestructible, and only the arrogance of ego would presume that it requires protection. To open your heart is to reduce your ego, and this is the only magic that is ever required to experience the naked truth.”
“Anywhere life is flourishing, you can see the non violent beings produced by the hindu ecosystem and their contribution. Anywhere hindus go and settle, they are the richest ethnic community!”
“Are the great spiritual teachings really advocating that we fight evil because we are on the side of light, the side of peace? Are they telling us to fight against that other 'undesirable' side, the bad and the black. That is a big question. If there is wisdom in the sacred teachings, there should not be any war. As long as a person is involved with warfare, trying to defend or attack, then his action is not sacred; it is mundane, dualistic, a battlefield situation.”
“Are the professionals that are pitching you online only marketing their services and products? Or are they also delivering messages of authenticity, authority and education? There is an abundance of people that use the latest content to hype, pitch, market and sell everyday. It is a limited few that work to still market but choose to engage with education, information and direction. Let their authority and knowledge sell you over another sales pitch from someone that might only know how to sell and not have the ability to perform what they are selling.”
“Are they drawing up and creating a strategy made just for you? Or are they just coloring in the lines and strategies created by and for someone else ?”
“Are we being good ancestors?”
“Are we willing to lay down our lives and pick up His in return? Again, many will emphatically answer yes, all the while a casual look into their lives at the fruit they are manifesting will prove just where their hearts truly lie. Are we willing to be forgotten; rejected; to gladly serve at what society would deem “the bottom”? Or are we set on studying and rehearsing and decreeing the philosophies of man in an attempt to show we know the Word of God? Are we looking to elevate ourselves by being pumped up with “knowledge”? Or is the Word of God enough for us, as it should be anyone who has faith the size of a mustard seed?”
“Are you a question or an answer?  or a mere individual taught to answer specific questions.”
“Are you choosing to be ethical in your messaging, marketing and ability? Consider that there is a fine line and clear difference between sharing with potential clients what you have the ability do right now and what you envision yourself being able to do for people in the future.”
“Are you just gonna stare at Jack or are we gonna go?" Milo asked, poking his head into the bedroom.”
“Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?”
“Are you reading books and learning something new each day? Tiny battles like these are the ones that will define your future self.”
“Are you really surprised by the endurance of religion? What ideology is likely to be more durable than one that conforms, at every turn, to our powers of wishful thinking? Hope is easy; knowledge is hard. Science is the one domain in which we human beings make a truly heroic effort to counter our innate biases and wishful thinking. Science is the one endeavor in which we have developed a refined methodology for separating what a person hopes is true from what he has good reason to believe. The methodology isn't perfect, and the history of science is riddled with abject failures of scientific objectivity. But that is just the point-these have been failures of science, discovered and corrected by-what, religion? No, by good science.”
“Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.”
“Aren’t we getting more informed and less aware?”
“Arrogance is the slow poison that eventually kills the knowledge.”
“Art and freedom of expression will change the world faster than politics and religion combined.”
“Art is art. You can take it or leave it. Liking it or not liking it does not make you a better person, and who you like or dislike results in the same thing.”
“Artificial intelligence will not destroy this planet, irresponsible human intelligence will.”
“As Hegel said, tragedy was not the conflict between right and wrong but right and right, a dilemma none of us who wanted to participate in history could escape. The major had the right to live, and I was right to kill him. Wasn't I?”
“As I began to write, I began to inquire, and I read and listened, and learned.”
“As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.”
“As a breed, [librarians are] the ultimate generalists. I'll never know everything about anything, but I'll know something about almost everything and that's how I like to live.”
“As a chief ingredient in the mythology of science, the accumulation of objective facts supposedly controls the history of conceptual change–as logical and self-effacing scientists bow before the dictates of nature and willingly change their views to accommodate the growth of conceptual knowledge. The paradigm for such an idealistic notion remains Huxley’s famous remark about “a beautiful theory killed by a nasty, ugly little fact.” But single facts almost never slay worldviews, at least not right away (and properly so, for the majority of deeply anomalous observations turn out to be wrong)  Anomalous facts get incorporated into existing theories, often with a bit of forced stretching to be sure, but usually with decent fit because most worldviews contain considerable flexibility. (How else could they last so long, or be so recalcitrant to overthrow?)”
“As a commutational array, The Sirisys array is a combination of algorithms and humans (called UIL for Users in the Loop). Humans form a functional aspect of the algorithms as well as running the algorithms. Each individual interacting with the Sirisys array is considered a User in the Loop.”
“As a corollary, they (Greek intellectuals) believed that knowledge for its own sake was meaningless, its mere accumulation a waste of time. Knowledge must lead to understanding.”
“As a country, we revere ignorance. We conflate ignorance and innocence, and innocence is seen as divine. Especially in women.”
“As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.”
“As challenging as it can be from businesses to relationships to anything else, if we ground ourselves in the respect to hear the other side, differentiate our opinion from proven and vetted facts, while remove the insulting and attacking elements, we can create impactful conversations of change.”
“As everything in the universe is one, so, consequently, everything has equal rights, therefore, from this point of view knowledge can be acquired by a suitable and complete study, no matter what the starting point is.”
“As great minds have the faculty of saying a great deal in a few words, so lesser minds have a talent of talking much, and saying nothing.”
“As humans evolve with expanded knowledge, we realize that all the things we "leave in the hands of God" are for us to handle.”
“As humans, we have the ability to take higher risks. However, refusing to stop learning and adapting is not a risk; it’s a blunder. The costs of this blunder could be as high as our extinction.”
“As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.”
“As in music, when we hear the crescendo building, suddenly if the music stops, we begin to hear the silence as part of the music.”
“As individuals, people are intelligent creatures, but as a group, they are animals, and animals need a firm hand.”
“As leaders we need to remember that. Strong convictions precede great actions. When we know something is right-- and that conviction is bolstered by the knowledge that our motives are pure -- we need to follow through. Others may second-guess our thinking and our decision-making. But when we know what's right, we can't let those things throw us off. We need to stand by our convictions.”
“As leaders, how prepared are you to handle the next phase of evolution?”
“As long as human beings are alive on planet earth, they will have to work, seek to manifest higher existence, enlightenment, paramashiva in them.”
“As long as reading is for us the instigator whose magic keys have opened the door to those dwelling-places deep within us that we would not have known how to enter, its role in our lives is salutary. It becomes dangerous, on the other hand, when, instead of awakening us to the personal life of the mind, reading tends to take its place, when the truth no longer appears to us as an ideal which we can realize only by the intimate progress of our own thought and the efforts of our heart, but as something material, deposited between the leaves of books like a honey fully prepared by others and which we need only take the trouble to reach down from the shelves of libraries and then sample passively in a perfect repose of mind and body.”
“As long as the acquisition of knowledge is rendered habitually repugnant, so long will there be a prevailing tendency to discontinue it when free from the coercion of parents and masters.”
“As long as we remain a drop in the ocean, we say ‘no’ to life. We neither love nor trust. We don’t feel blissful either, because bliss is possible only for those who know how to love and trust. It happens only to those who know how to feel part of the ocean. Bliss is possible only when our heart says ‘yes’, when the ‘no’ completely disappears from our being. ‘No’ is darkness, ‘yes’ is light. ‘No’ is ego, ‘yes’ is egolessness.”
“As long as you know who you are, and see what makes you happy, it doesn't matte how others see you”
“As long the self remains relevant, you are not free.”
“As long there is society, creating wealth must be the first education, that can lead to freedom by the measures of people allowing you so made of financial means.”
“As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.”
“As much you have knowledge do not consider yourself as a knowledgeable, because there are hidden people who are more knowledgeable than you.”
“As our circle of knowledge expands, so does the circumference of darkness surrounding it.”
“As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.”
“As our knowledge increases, so does our desire to maintain silence and hide from the world whose face is washed every morning with the blood of countless innocent people.”
“As outsiders looking in, my readers and I must reform how we think so we may open ourselves to new forms of knowledge.”
“As regards the whole moral twaddle of people about one another, it is time to be disgusted with it! To sit in judgment morally ought to be opposed to our taste! Let us leave this nonsense and this bad taste to those who have nothing else to do, save to drag the past a little distance further through time, and who are never themselves the present   We, however, would seek to become what we are   making laws for ourselves and creating ourselves! And for this purpose we must become the best students and discoverers of all the laws and necessities in the world. [335]”
“As soon as anger knocks at one’s door, wisdom prepares to leave.”
“As soon as we put something into words, we devalue it in a strange way. We think we have plunged into the depths of the abyss, and when we return to the surface the drop of water on our pale fingertips no longer resembles the sea from which it comes. We delude ourselves that we have discovered a wonderful treasure trove, and when we return to the light of day we find that we have brought back only false stones and shards of glass; and yet the treasure goes on glimmering in the dark, unaltered.”
“As studies have shown, there’s a difference between data, information, and knowledge. Always assess what you're gaining.”
“As technology progresses, the amount of unlearning increases proportionally to the amount of learning.”
“As the Promethean fire which banished Darkness, so Knowledge bears the Power and the Light.”
“As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value to you than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself; because only through ordering what you know by comparing every truth with every other truth can you take complete possession of your knowledge and get it into your power.”
“As the knowledge grows, wisdom increases, when that increases, the human becomes able to control its anger. From that starts the vision and insight. Consequently, dies the ego”
“As the questioner you have thee natural advantage of control.”
“As ultimate reality emerges, concepts submerge. As concepts emerge, ultimate reality submerges.”
“As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible, but more mysterious.”
“As we age we get more inclined towards answering questions than asking questions.”
“As we cannot be universal by knowing everything there is to be known about everything, we must know a little about everything, because it is much better to know something about everything than everything about something.”
“As we grow detached from things, we come (with God's help) to master our desires, and we give the mastery over to God. Discipline and divine grace heal the intellect and the will of the effects of concupiscence. We can begin to see things clearly.”
“As we pray these fire prayers, the powers of darkness in the spirit realm will quiver and tremble in every area of your life that needs to be broken and brought down. Whether it’s fear, terror, sickness, or any kind of torment that any demons have against you, they will know today that the same as Pharoah and his army drowned in the Red Sea, these demons will drown in the blood of Jesus today.”
“Asa had a sharp understanding of the future--that is, a time when this would be past. Time was rushing through and around him, he almost heard it whistling, and this awareness rounded the world somehow and made it sweet.”
“Asher Rubin thinks that most people are truly idiots, and that it is human stupidity that is ultimately responsible for introducing sadness into the world. It isn’t a sin or a trait with which human beings are born, but a false view of the world, a mistaken evaluation of what is seen by our eyes. Which is why people perceive every thing in isolation, each object separate from the rest. Real wisdom lies in linking everything together—that’s when the true shape of all of it emerges.”
“Ask God to give you the wisdom and knowledge for your healing, so your children do not inherit the dysfunction you inherited. It can stop with you!”
“Ask a deeply religious Christian if he’d rather live next to a bearded Muslim that may or may not be plotting a terror attack, or an atheist that may or may not show him how to set up a wireless network in his house. On the scale of prejudice, atheists don’t seem so bad lately.”
“Ask not of things to shed their veils. Unveil yourselves, and things will be unveiled.”
“Asking a question is about clearing your doubts. Questioning a person is raising doubts about his credibility or abilities. Both have absolutely different effects on relationships. While the first can build bridges, the second can ruin relationships.”
“Assertion as comfort, certain as death.”
“Astride of a grave and a difficult birth. Down in the hole, lingeringly, the grave digger puts on the forceps. We have time to grow old. The air is full of our cries. But habit is a great deadener. At me too someone is looking, of me too someone is saying, He is sleeping, he knows nothing. Let him sleep on.”
“Astrology is assured of recognition from psychology, without further restrictions, because astrology represents the summation of all the psychological knowledge of antiquity.”
“At a Time When You try to Use your knowledge For Peace,Conservation & Protection, Change will begin to take place.”
“At any given moment there is an orthodoxy, a body of ideas of which it is assumed that all right-thinking people will accept without question. It is not exactly forbidden to say this, that or the other, but it is “not done” to say it… Anyone who challenges the prevailing orthodoxy finds himself silenced with surprising effectiveness. A genuinely unfashionable opinion is almost never given a fair hearing, either in the popular press or in the high-brow periodicals.”
“At present nothing is possible except to extend the area of sanity little by little. We cannot act collectively. We can only spread our knowledge outwards from individual to individual, generation after generation.”
“At school I was a nuisance, for my father was now Chairman of our Continuation School Board, and I affected airs of near-equality with the teacher that must have galled her; I wanted to argue about everything, expand everything, and generally turn every class into a Socratic powwwow instead of getting on with the curriculum. Probably I made her nervous, as a pupil full of green, fermenting information is so well able to do. I have dealt with many innumerable variations of my younger self in classrooms since then, and have mentally apologized for my tiresomeness.”
“At the end of every day the truth of who we are brings us the bill to pay for every word we said and every action we did during it. When we pay it in full, we see dreams at night and when we don’t, we see nightmares.”
“At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become.”
“At the end of the day, what is life? A beautiful journey. Why must we take it so seriously and not enjoy every moment of it? Why not let any person have his chance in anything he desires?  Why not vanish the hate and forgive? Why not follow our dreams and make them reality?”
“At the heart of all Witchcraft is the pursuit of knowledge. We seek to better understand the processes of nature, to draw back the veil and peer into the hidden inner mechanisms by which the universe is governed and kept in motion.”
“At the time of Lewis and Clark, setting the prairies on fire was a well-known signal that meant, ‘Come down to the water.’ It was an extravagant gesture, but we can’t do less. If the landscape reveals one certainty, it is that the extravagant gesture is the very stuff of creation. After the extravagant gesture of creation in the first place, the universe has continued to deal exclusively in extravagances, flinging intricacies and colossi down aeons of emptiness, heaping profusions on profligacies with ever fresh vigor. The whole show has been on fire from the word go. I come down to the water to cool my eyes. But everywhere I look, I see fire: that which isn’t flint is tinder, and the whole world sparks and flames.”
“At the time that she came to live with Jesus's mother, Mari (Mary Magdalene) had no inkling about how she would be greeted by her since their cultures were radically different from each other. The pleasure of her surprise was therefore boundless when Jesus's mother heartily welcomed her with open arms, despite the cultural difference in their religious beliefs. In all fairness, Mari did not make it difficult for Mary to accept her; if anything, she invited Mary to teach her the social habits and local traditions of her people down to the most minor detail especially since she would find them very useful later on in her public life with Jesus.”
“At this crucial point, for the Roman Church to reach a compromise between this myth of Mithra and the Hellenistic Christianity of St. Paul, it was necessary to have a sudden change of events or an altered version of Jesus's life, and it was here that the Roman Church began to implement a psychological process known today as Cognitive Dissonance. In a few words, this happens when a group of people produce a false reconstruction of an event they want to continue to believe in, a literary strategy also known as the Reconstructive Hypothesis. This theological notion is equally known as Apotheosis or the glorification of a subject to divine level such as a human becoming a god. In the case of Jesus, this process was copied in its entirety from the religion of Mithra where their 'divinisations' were practically the same.”
“At times anger will trigger harsh words. After a cooling period wisdom sets in; finally, the ability to speak from the heart with love and compassion.”
“At times the whole world seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles. Friend, client, child, sickness, fear, want, charity, all knock at once at thy closet door and say,—'Come out unto us.' But keep thy state; come not into their confusion. The power men possess to annoy me I give them by a weak curiosity. No man can come near me but through my act.”
“Atheism is a conclusion reached by the most reasonable methods and one which is not asserted dogmatically but is explained in its every feature by the light of reason. The atheist does not boast of knowing in a vainglorious, empty sense. He understands by knowledge the most reasonable and clear and sound position one can take on the basis of all the evidence at hand. This evidence convinces him that theism is not true, and his logical position, then, is that of atheism. We repeat that the atheist is one who denies the assumptions of theism. he asserts, in other words, that he doesn't believe in a God because he has no good reason for believing in a God. That's atheism -- and that's good sense.”
“Aunty used to say that whatever you skip learning is the one thing you’ll end up needing to know most later.”
“Authenticity cannot be automated”
“Author says her father was so diplomatic that when people came to him for solutions, people not only accepted them, but they believed they thought of them.”
“Authoritarian, paralyzing, circular, occasionally elliptical stock phrases, also jocularly referred to as nuggets of wisdom, are a malignant plague, one of the very worst ever to ravage the earth.”
“Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.”
“Avoid selling to dumb customers, there aren't enough left!”
“Aw I don't wanta go to no such thing, I just wanta drink in alleys.'  But you'll miss all that, just for some old wine.' There's wisdom in wine, goddam it!' I yelled. 'Have a shot!”
“Awareness is above intellect. Intellect is above speech. Speech is above knowledge. For knowledge in itself is just a name.”
“Awareness is nothing but bringing our focus to exactly what is happening in and around us. It is witnessing. Anything that we watch with awareness will dissolve. That is the power of awareness; whether it is physical pain, mental pain, worry, or something else. When we watch with awareness, we stop the conflict somewhere within us. We start moving with the natural flow of things.”
“Ayesha’s memories of Syria are fractured. She relives a feeling of constant exhaustion, of feeling unsafe, and then those moments before the injury. Her thoughts shift to the aftermath, the vision of displaced persons flooding over Turkey’s border and back into Syria, even while the conflict peaked. But even after endless painful and traumatic surgeries, Ayesha sits in bed with her schoolbooks and shrugs. “Never give in, never give up,” she stresses, scrolling through her toddler photographs — evidence of the life “before.” “Even when you think hope is lost, it will be back in you.” Nothing is permanent, I think to myself. We may not be able to alter the experience of what has happened to us, but sunshine eventually casts aside even the gloomiest days. If we are willing to ride it out, the prospect of betterment always returns.”
“BLACK AND WHITE I was born into A religion of Light, But with so many other Religions and Philosophies, How do I know which ONE Is right? Is it not My birthright To seek out the light? To find Truth After surveying all the proof, Am I supposed To love Or fight? And why do all those who Try to guide me, Always start by dividing And multiplying me – From what they consider Wrong or right? I thought, There were no walls For whoever beams truth and light. And how can one speak on Light's behalf, lf all they do Is act black, But talk WHITE?”
“BY UNDERSTANDING YOU EXIST IN THE SAME WAY THAT I EXIST, YOU WILL BE LIBERATED. YOU WILL BE LIBERATED. YOU WILL MANIFEST ME.”
“Baby, the fifties are everything you've been meaning to be.”
“Bad things always have consequences . No matter how good you are doing them. How good you are in hiding them or how good you are in hiding while doing them.”
“Balt Van Tassel was an easy indulgent soul; he loved his daughter better even than his pipe, and, like a reasonable man and an excellent father, let her have her way in everything.”
“Banks are not there to park your money Banks are there to borrow money to build wealth.”
“Based on who they are and what they want and what they know, everyone is right. Every time.”
“Basically each religion has certain practices that form the essence of vedic dharma. Yegyes, literally meaning ‘to offer’, forms the backbone of the vedic absolute knowledge. Traditionally, a ritualistic fire ceremony in which various herbs, clarified butter (ghee), specific wood, etc. are offered to the fire with predetermined mantras (charged with vibrations) chanted by predetermined people (priests, host, pandits etc.) with a resolve or sankalpa, a Yegyes has far-reaching effects that encompass physical, soul, social, spiritual and ecological spheres, causing purification at all these levels. A devout householder is supposed to perform five Yegyes on daily basis> 1. Brahma Egyes = Daily jap, daily meditation, daily yoga, offering into the interior fires of prana, mind, intellect and consciousness 2. Deva-Egyes = Worship offering to the Divinities, God, the Sun, Devi and Devtas through fire in the Vedic times, through watering and Pooja, flowers, fruits rituals. 3. Pitr-Egyes = Offerings to ancestors, manes, and daily worshipful service to one’s living parents and elders 4. Atithi-Egyes = Worship offering to guests the word Atithi means one who comes without making a date hospitality is not a social act but a worship. 5. Offering-Egyes = offering to God, Goddess, Devi, Devtas and Bhagawan, beings, spreading knowledge putting aside the first food for the wandering cows or other animals as well as putting aside daily before cooking similarly like some uncooked rice, daal, grain, flour, for giving away to the temple, church, gumba, gurudwar, priest, monk, beggar or orphanage nowadays. The philosophy of Egyes, which essentially is: make yourself into a worshipful offering and pour yourself into the divine fire of knowledge, the immortal soul of knowledge. The fire offering you witnessed is an embodiment of all this teaching and the participants are actually very conscious of it.”
“Basically, being alive means keeping yourself ready for the sky to fall in on you at any time. If you start from the assumption that existence is only an ordeal, a test we have to pass, then you’re equipped to deal with its sorrows and its surprises. If you persist in expecting it to give you something it can’t give, that just proves that you haven’t understood anything. Take things as they come; don’t turn them into a drama. You’re not piloting the ship, you’re following the course of your destiny.”
“Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you. I know people who have a lot of money, and they get testimonial dinners and they get hospital wings named after them. But the truth is that nobody in the world loves them. If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster. That's the ultimate test of how you have lived your life. The trouble with love it that you can't buy it. You can buy sex. You can buy testimonial dinners. You can buy pamphlets that say how wonderful you are. But the only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love. But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get." — Warren Buffett”
“Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her. Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.”
“Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.”
“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
“Be attached to the pursuit of truth, not the truth itself, because truth is not something rigid that you can hold on to, truth is an ever-evolving force. And if your mind gets attached to the truth of today, it won't be able to accept the truth of tomorrow, and if your mind doesn't accept the evolution of truth, then it no longer walks on the path of truth, but on the path of ignorance, which only breeds more prejudice and conflicts.”
“Be aware of the high notes, of the blissful faces and their soft messages, and listen for the silent message of a highly decorated gift.”
“Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to, but be respected - that is essential.”
“Be careful she's a mosquito with butterfly wings”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“Be careful, especially if you are a good liar. You will lie to everyone .Lie about everything . You will end up lying to yourself. Don't get too comfortable in telling a lie.”
“Be decisive when choosing your destination, so the Universe can provide you with the tools you will need to reach it.”
“Be first the master of yourself”
“Be generous with your smile and try not to frown. And you will see my children; your smile will never let you down ☺”
“Be honest. This applies to every area of your life. Sketchiness is not an attractive trait. No more trying to cover up your baggage, sweeping things under the rug, withholding truth, blatant lying, or even telling seemingly ‘harmless’ white lies or half-truths – release the need to lie completely! Start NOW.”
“Be it sorrow or happiness, you get as much as you can handle.”
“Be kind to yourself, seek the knowledge of light.”
“Be warned, my dear, that experience does not equate to truth, nor does knowledge promise us happiness.”
“Be wise as a serpent and wary as a dove!”
“Be wise as serpents, yet innocent as doves.”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.”
“Be your friend’s true friend. Return gift for gift. Repay laughter with laughter again but betrayal with treachery.”
“Beauty must not lose its temptation just because we know how it preys upon us. If it does, it means we love ignorance more than knowledge.”
“Because I have no interest in death, I feel that death should have no interest in me.”
“Because I want to know! Sometimes, you can use what you know, but that's not what counts most. I want to know everything there is to know. Not because it's any use, but for the pleasure of knowing, and now I demand that you teach me everything you know, even if I will never be able to use it.”
“Because a doubt is not a denial. Doubt is a powerful tool, and it should be applied to history.”
“Because one who creates themselves, is remarkably unstoppable.”
“Because people became fascinated with pictures and words, and wind up forgetting the Language of the World.”
“Because some information is better than no information. Life does not give you big, simple answers, Caitlyn. It demands patience, focus, and an open, intelligent mind to gather the pieces of a puzzle and fit them together into a coherent whole. Nothing worth knowing is ever easily learned.”
“Because some things are never meant to be anything more than a moment. And that was one of them.”
“Because the problem with knowledge, Miss Rhodes, is its inexhaustible craving. The more of it you have, the less you feel you know,” said Atlas. “Thus, men often go mad in search of it.”
“Because the problem with knowledge, is it's inexhaustible craving. The more of it you have, the less you feel to know”
“Because the universe was full of ignorance all around and the scientist panned through it like a prospector crouched over a mountain stream, looking for the gold of knowledge among the gravel of unreason, the sand of uncertainty and the little whiskery eight-legged swimming things of superstition.”
“Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehend; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless.”
“Because there was an abyss. And books contained magical incantations to raise what was hidden there, all the great mysteries. For Luke, those mysteries mattered. Someday in the future, he might write books of his own. But here the only future was Back Half. Here, the future of existence was, 'What good would it do?”
“Because you won't truly understand what it is we work toward until you have discovered it for yourself." Liath began to protest, but Meriam raised a hand for silence. "It is all very well to protest that because you have seen a horse ridden, you know how to ride. But you don't know how to ride until you have yourself ridden. Isn't that true?" "I don't see-" "You don't see because you persist in thinking that the art of the mathematici is like a story, something you can understand equally well whether it is read to you or you read it yourself. But the art of the mathematici isn't a story, it is a skill, like riding a horse, or fighting, or administering an estate, something that takes time and effort to master. Would you set an apprentice weaver to weave the king's royal robes? Ask a novice to illuminate the Holy Verses? Trust your life to a pilot who had never before sailed through these shoals? You, of all people, must understand fully." "Why?" Then Liath laughed, having picked up the habit from Sanglant. "Never mind, Sister. I know what you will say. You will say that when I understand fully, then I will also understand why I must understand fully." "There lies the beginning of understanding." Was Meriam amused? It was hard to tell. She was too ancient to be easily read. Like all the magi, she held layers within layers in herself, none of which were readily peeled off. "Is that why you're here, to understand?" "Nay", she replied to quietly that a hundred misgivings congealed into a dreadful foreboding in Liath's heart, and the night no longer seemed to tame. "I am here to save my child and my child's children from what will come.”
“Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.”
“Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.”
“Before big bridges, deep tunnels and the advent of health and safety regulations, there were many ways to cross rivers. They would use rowing boats, rickety rafts or in the absence of a vessel, swim or wade. Everyone knew what a stepping-stone was. They all understood that it was not something that you would want to stand on for any length of time. It was a means to an end, an important point and a route from A to B.”
“Before he'd met Anna, he'd thought he'd known what love was, thought he'd understood about friendship, romance, all o fit, but he hadn't - not at all. Until he'd held Anna in his arms, until he'd let her see his soul, until he'd heard her cry gently when he made love to her for the first time, he'd known nothing.”
“Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“Before you become too entranced with gorgeous gadgets and mesmerizing video displays, let me remind you that information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, and wisdom is not foresight. Each grows out of the other, and we need them all.”
“Before you pray these prayers, you must first be in right standing with Jesus Christ. In other words, you must truly be a born-again believer, sanctified and washed in the blood of Jesus Christ.”
“Before, you are wise; after, you are wise. In between you are otherwise”
“Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.”
“Beginnings are such delicate times.”
“Behaviour is a mirror in which every one displays his own image.”
“Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket" - which is but a matter of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention"; but the wise man saith, "Pull all your eggs in the one basket and - WATCH THAT BASKET." - Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar”
“Being a peaceful people isn’t the same as being a defenseless one.”
“Being alive is sign of strength!”
“Being an ignoramus is not enough to prevent one from being famous.”
“Being aware is being aware of one's own mind and the games it plays on itself.”
“Being is the innate human, mind the cause of the evolutionary disorder.”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“Being open and receptive does not mean being a doormat, it means you're available to acknowledge the existence of a challenge and come up with solutions.”
“Being single and alone is nice, until you are sick or hurt and there is no one to check upon you.”
“Being smart isn't knowing everything, it's knowing that you don't.”
“Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you.”
“Being under stress is like being stranded in a body of water. If you panic, it will cause you to flail around so that the water rushes into your lungs and creates further distress. Yet, by calmly collecting yourself and using controlled breathing you remain afloat with ease.”
“Beirut is the Elizabeth Taylor of cities: insane, beautiful, falling apart, aging, and forever drama laden.She'll also marry any infatuated suitor who promises to make her life more comfortable, no matter how inappropriate he is.”
“Belief can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous.”
“Belief in the traditional sense, or certitude, or dogma, amounts to the grandiose delusion, "My current model" -- or grid, or map, or reality-tunnel -- "contains the whole universe and will never need to be revised." In terms of the history of science and knowledge in general, this appears absurd and arrogant to me, and I am perpetually astonished that so many people still manage to live with such a medieval attitude.”
“Belief is the wound that knowledge heals.”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“Believing in what you don't know is as true as believing in what you know as long as your life is just an illusion. ”
“Better get the boundary fence mended properly soon,” said Finn, “we don’t want those donkeys wandering off.” Chester knew they wouldn’t. They’d travelled billions of light years to get here and here they’d stay. Probably best not to mention that.”
“Better look idiot and learn, than be proud and stagnant.”
“Better to be happy than wise.”
“Better to keep it in the old heads, where no one can see it or suspect it. We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law. Byron, Tom Paine, Machiavelli, or Christ, it's here. And the hour's late. And the war's begun. And we are out here, and the city is there, all wrapped up in its own coat of a thousand colors  All we want to do is keep the knowledge we think we will need intact and safe. We're not out to incite or anger anyone yet. For if we are destroyed, the knowledge is dead, perhaps for good  Right now we have a horrible job; we're waiting for the war to begin and, as quickly, end. It's not pleasant, but then we're not in control, we're the odd minority crying in the wilderness. When the war's over, perhaps we can be of some use in the world.”
“Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“Between the knowing and the learning, there is a long way to go.”
“Between the natural way and the path of grace there is a deep abyss. It is in that gap that we live our lives as a giant struggle between good and evil, Satan and God, despair and love. Whenever despair wins, it is the natural way. Whenever love wins, it is a moment of grace. When love is victorious and defeats despair completely, you've reached the path of grace.”
“Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before.”
“Beware you be not swallowed up in books! An ounce of love is worth a pound of knowledge.”
“Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.”
“Bitter your acts, bitter am I, Kindness your deeds, kindness am I, Pleasant and gentle, so you are, Fine honeyed lips and sweet talker.”
“Bless the shadows you’ve been taught to fear, and through them birth a light that clears any doubt for your capacity to love and be loved.”
“Blíndur er bóklaus ma∂ur. Blind is a man without a book.”
“Blockchain is so wide that you cannot know everything - you are just few moments away from meeting a geek who knows so much than you do.”
“Bloom to the fullest along the cutting edges of life.”
“Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.”
“Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.”
“Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you security and friendship and didn't ask for anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly. Love, truth, beauty, wisdom and consolation against death. Who had said that? Someone else who loved books.”
“Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.”
“Books whose topics I thoroughy depsise are accapteble because they often force the reader to think and to examine his own beliefs. In an age where most people are either blindly obedient or radical, exposing oneself to the ideas contained in even the most controversial of books is a good thing.”
“Books you have read share a deep ontological similarity with books you haven't: both can be profoundly fuzzy. At times books you haven't read shine more brightly than those you have, and often reading part of a book will shape your mind more decisively than reading all of it; there is no inherent epistemic superiority to having read a book or not having read it.”
“Books! tis a dull and endless strife: Come, hear the woodland linnet, How sweet his music! on my life, There's more of wisdom in it.”
“Both the art of intuition and the science of analytics have the role to play in making wise decisions.”
“Bowden Cable is the sort of honest and dependable operative that is the backbone of SpecOps. They never win commendations or medals and the public has no knowledge of them at all. They are all worth ten of people like me.”
“Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.”
“Brain balance is more important than bank balance.”
“Brain endeavours to import knowledge and export ideas when fed with motivation and supplemented further, with a meaningful purpose.”
“Brave? Or stupid?" Roger shrugged. "I've never been quite sure where brave stopped and stupid began, myself.”
“Bravery and Obedience are always two steps behind intelligence.”
“Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.”
“Buddhism is all about science. If science is the systematic pursuit of the accurate knowledge of reality, then science is Buddhism, Buddhism is science.”
“Bullets don't kill bigotry, only education does that.”
“Burn all your education certificates and you become an uneducated man, but the knowledge that you earn is never destroyed, it grows with the universe.”
“Burn worldly love, rub the ashes and make ink of it, make the heart the pen, the intellect the writer, write that which has no end or limit.”
“Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system.”
“Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success We forget the easiness of free beauty Lying sad right around the corner, Only an instant removed, Unnoticed and squandered.”
“Busyness is expensive.”
“But God caused knowledge to be given to Adam and those with him, so that the kings of chaos and the underworld might not lord it over them." [--Jesus]”
“But I give you my word, in the entire book there is nothing that cannot be said aloud in mixed company. And there is, also, nothing that makes you a bit the wiser. I wonder--oh, what will you think of me--if those two statements do not verge upon the synonymous.”
“But Johannes had said, "Politeness is something you owe other people, because when you show a little courtesy, everything becomes easier and better. But first and foremost, it's something you owe yourself. You are David.”
“But Melquíades' tribe, according to what the wanderers said, had been wiped off the face of the earth because they had gone beyond the limits of human knowledge.”
“But as I conclude this paper, I must offer a note of caution to my colleagues, to my superiors, to the United States Congress, and to my country: It serves no one to close our eyes and stop thinking. There is so much that we do not yet understand, and there is a great deal of work to do. When faced with the collective trauma and grief and fear that gripped this nation as we watched thousands of women step out of their very skins and transform into creatures of tooth and claw, of heat and violence, there was an inexorable pressure to simply look away and refuse to speak of what happened and forget  But without questions, there can be no knowledge.”
“But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.”
“But even in my chosen fields, after countless long years of study, I remain a novice. The more you learn, the more you realize how little you know. Still, the struggle itself is worthwhile. Knowledge is the root of power, after all.”
“But goodness alone is never enough. A hard, cold wisdom is required for goodness to accomplish good. Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.”
“But honestly  I just don't know what anyone's thinking. To me, that's scarier than any half-rotten ghoul trying to eat my flesh.”
“But how does the existence or nonexistence of the gods affect me? Why does it matter how the universe came to be?” “Because you’re a part of it. Because you exist. And unless you want to only ever be a tiny modicum of existence that doesn’t understand its relation to the grander web of things, you will explore.”
“But however desirable an evolutionary framework for a history of knowledge may be, the important questions is whether it is actually possible to recognize an evolutionary logic in the historical records - without imposing it by an exaggerated analogy with biology and without ascending to a level of abstraction where all cats become gray. I believe that the historical findings examined in the preceding chapters point in such a direction, in particular the long-term, cumulative aspects of knowledge development, its dependence on contingent societal contexts, and the profound transformations of the architecture of knowledge. Examples are the emergence of new systems of knowledge from a reorganization of preceding systems; the sedimentation and plateau-building processes of knowledge economies; the transformation of contingent circumstances and challenges into internal conditions for the further development of knowledge systems, accounting for the path dependency and layered structure of this development; and the feedback mechanisms that may arise between knowledge economies and knowledge systems, giving rise to the emergence of new epistemic communities. Just like the evolution of life, knowledge development has direction but us not globally uniform. It is neither deterministic nor teleological. Chance events may have long-term effects by becoming incorporated into the developmental process. Knowledge development is self-referential insofar as it contributes to shaping its own environment by processes of sedimentation and plateau formation corresponding to niche construction in biology. It is also a layered process, in the sense that later forms of knowledge do not necessarily replace earlier ones. External representations shape the long-term transmission of knowledge, ensuring its continuity, while their exploration under different circumstances opens up possibilities for variation and change.”
“But if they had learned anything together, it was that wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.”
“But if you are not careful, spirituality can quite easily allow you to bypass the human dilemma, because spirituality can be anything you want it to be, whereas faith will challenge you. It’s not so comfortable. It carries with it the undeniable tension between your search for security and the limits of your ability to know. Faith keeps your spiritual quest relevant and connected to the heart of the human predicament.”
“But if you believe yourself worthy of the thing you fought so hard to get, then you become an instrument of God, you help the Soul of the World, and you understand why you are here.”
“But it was Aldo’s pen that became his most forceful tool. He started a newsletter for rangers called the Carson Pine Cone. Aldo used it to “scatter seeds of knowledge, encouragement, and enthusiasm.” Most of the Pine Cone’s articles, poems, jokes, editorials, and drawings were Aldo’s own. His readers soon realized that the forest animals were as important to him as the trees. His goal was to bring back the “flavor of the wilds.”
“But magic is neither good nor evil. It is a tool, like a knife. Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.”
“But many people never discover the folly of such a search and continue to believe that, given enough information, they can define and explain a person. Controversy has always existed among psychiatrists and psychologists about the validity of personality diagnosis. Some believe in the merits of the enterprise and devote their careers to ever greater nosological precision. Others, and among them I include myself, marvel that anyone can take diagnosis seriously, that it can ever be considered more than a simple cluster of symptoms and behavioral traits. Nonetheless, we find ourselves under ever-increasing pressure (from hospitals, insurance companies, governmental agencies) to sum up a person with a diagnostic phrase and a numerical category.”
“But maybe that isn't possible. Maybe the mind of the majority is always the healthy mind, simply by virtue of its numbers. Maybe it's the definition of madness to believe I'm right and everyone else if wrong, to find my thoughts rational and reasonable when almost the entire world finds them damaged and flawed.”
“But need alone is not enough to set power free: there must be knowledge.”
“But neither infinite power nor infinite wisdom could bestow godhood upon men. For that there would have to be infinite love as well.”
“But nothing in India is identifiable, the mere asking of a question causes it to disappear and merge into something else.”
“But perhaps there are in us forces other than mind and heart, other even than the senses - mysterious forces which take hold of us in the moments when the others are asleep; and perhaps it was such forces that Melchior had found in the depths of those pale eyes which had looked at him so timidly one evening when he had accosted the girl on the bank of the river, and had sat down beside her in the reeds - without knowing why - and had given her his hand.”
“But shortcuts are dangerous; we cannot delude ourselves that our knowledge is further along than it actually is.”
“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”
“But that's how memory works," Bitterblue said quietly. "Things disappear without your permission, then come back again without your permission." And sometimes they came back incomplete and warped.”
“But the approach to truth is not easy. There is only one way towards it, the way through error. Only through our errors can we learn; and only he will learn who is ready to appreciate and even to cherish the errors of others as stepping stones towards truth, and who searches for his own errors: who tries to find them, since only when he has become aware of them can he free himself from them.”
“But the box, I suppose, formalized their absence, gave it a name. Knowing and accepting the inevitable are two different things.”
“But the character of the music emphasized the tale as allegory--humorous, poignant, humane allegory--disclosing the metamorphosis of life itself, in which man moves from confident inexperience through the bitterness of experience, toward the rueful wisdom of self-knowledge.”
“But the main reason you should read this is that I don't see why I should have to know all these terrible, terrible things and you should get off scot free.”
“But the world is out there, and it understands that the illusion of knowledge and freedom is not the same as the real thing. Eventually it will fade, and there are those who will do whatever it takes to make that happen sooner rather than later.”
“But then one regrets the loss even of one's worst habits. Perhaps one regrets them the most. They are such an essential part of one's personality.”
“But there are roughly two sorts of informed people, aren't there? People who start off right by observing the pitfalls and mistakes and going round them, and the people who fall into them and get out and know they're there because of that. They both come to the same conclusions but they don't have quite the same point of view.”
“But there is no such thing as individual knowledge, a particular knowledge belonging to one special person or group. Knowledge is the sea of humanity, the field of humanity, the general condition of human existence.”
“But we have science, and by the means of it we shall find the truth and we shall arrive at it consciously. Knowledge is higher than feeling, the consciousness of life is higher than life. Science will give us wisdom, wisdom will reveal the laws, and the knowledge of the laws of happiness is higher than happiness.”
“But what difference does it make who spoke the words? They were uttered for the world.”
“But what if I make a mistake?' Will asked. Gilan threw back his head and laughed. 'A mistake? One mistake? You should be so lucky. You'll make dozens! I made four or five on my first day alone! Of course you'll make mistakes. Just don't make any of them twice. If you do mess things up, don't try to hide it. Don't try to rationalize it. Recognize it and admit it and learn from it. We never stop learning, none of us.”
“But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.”
“But when we have vaguely said that Education will set this tangle straight, what have we uttered but a truism? Training for life teaches living; but what training for the profitable living together of black men and white?”
“But you didn’t rest your mind. Your mind is overactive, and the mind is what counts, dear.”
“But, after all, the real specialist on Cannibalism is the Cannibal. Nobody could be more swiftly and splendidly on the spot than he is, when there is any Cannibalism going forward. The objection to the Cannibal as a judge of Cannibalism is not that he is ignorant of Cannibalism, or remote from Cannibalism, or not on the spot as a specialist in Cannibalism. It is that he is just the least tiny little bit biased.”
“But, for humans at large, knowledge usually equates to empathy, and empathy leads to understanding.”
“Butterflies are beautiful, but the process of emerging from the chrysalis and spreading your wings can hurt like fucking hell. But still, you will survive the transformation (over and over again) and you will fly. Remember this when it hurts the most. This is the metamorphosis, the going down to liquid, and the rising again. It’s no joke – but damn, it’s one hell of a journey.”
“By its own existence, it expands into possibilities. Because of its existence and saying “Thathaasthu” to life, “YES” to life, life shows you the possibilities which you declare as denied to you. If life is interested in denying, it will not even show its possibilities to you in the first place. Its possibilities, by being revealed to you itself, the “YES” is given to you, and your decision, expression to live is accepted, respected, encouraged. By you claiming life is not co-operating or supporting into what you want, you are denying the very revelations and expressions happened to your very consciousness.”
“By keeping your intended messaging personal, humble and professional when it comes to the perception elements, it will not make your message clear to everyone, but you will have a better chance to engage that many more with a greater understanding. All too often, many of us are focused on our intention but we miss the mark when it comes to the perception of that messaging.”
“By settling, you are not giving up who you are but rather shifting your perspective with what is important to you currently. Ultimately, this could provide an opportunity to create deeper and more meaningful connections with someone special.”
“By spreading knowledge you can live forever. You can be the lighthouse that guides people to safety; a light in the darkest of times.”
“By the external appearance of your knowledge, you have attained (high) ranks and reverence with the people! So seek with Allah higher ranks and closeness by virtue of your hidden good deeds. And know that these two ranks, one cancels out the other.”
“By the time it came to the edge of the Forest, the stream had grown up, so that it was almost a river, and, being grown-up, it did not run and jump and sparkle along as it used to do when it was younger, but moved more slowly. For it knew now where it was going, and it said to itself, “There is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” But all the little streams higher up in the Forest went this way and that, quickly, eagerly, having so much to find out before it was too late.”
“By the time of the arrival of Islam in the early seventeenth century CE, what we now call the Middle East was divided between the Persian and Byzantine empires. But with the spread of this new religion from Arabia, a powerful empire emerged, and with it a flourishing civilization and a glorious golden age. Given how far back it stretches in time, the history of the region -- and even of Iraq itself -- is too big a canvas for me to paint. Instead, what I hope to do in this book is take on the nonetheless ambitious task of sharing with you a remarkable story; one of an age in which great geniuses pushed the frontiers of knowledge to such an extent that their work shaped civilizations to this day.”
“By then, Toulouse had learned real wealth didn't come from stolen trinkets, but from knowledge. We sold secrets instead of gems, sold them to the highest bidder.”
“By thinking about gearing the message to the existing customer, the familiar with you but hasn’t converted person and the individual that has no idea who you are… (your three audiences) with the same content, you build a greater bond, better relationships, and an endurance audience.”
“By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.”
“CAN is the enemy of DO.”
“CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler. MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing. CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing. MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged. CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed. MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed. CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying. MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing. CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding  planet-cremating. MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing. CHORONZON: I am Anti-Life, the Beast of Judgment. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, gods, worlds  of everything. Sss. And what will you be then , Dreamlord? MORPHEUS: I am hope.”
“COMING FORTH INTO THE LIGHT I was born the day I thought: What is? What was? And What if? I was transformed the day My ego shattered, And all the superficial, material Things that mattered To me before, Suddenly ceased To matter. I really came into being The day I no longer cared about What the world thought of me, Only on my thoughts for Changing the world.”
“Calmness is not weakness, it is a sign of maturity and wisdom. Strongness is not arrogance, it is a sign of courage and passion.”
“Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar. (Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) ”
“Can I tell from the twilight from which the world is built that I am a sunrise in this life?”
“Can criticism then, as criticism, solve the great questions, or can it merely pose them? At the beginning of knowledge we believe the former. But the more we know, the more certain we become of the latter. So long as we hope, we call the secret a problem.”
“Can we self-generate knowledge by simply assuming things to be true? Where do assumptions come from?”
“Can you believe we still around?after so many hit the ground and we ain't gon' stop now until we get that wisdom”
“Can you look without the voice in your head commenting, drawing conclusions, comparing, or trying to figure something out?”
“Capabilities are clearly manifested only when they have been realized.”
“Cara: I used to believe everything my brother told me, because he was older and I figured he knew more about the world. But as it turns out, being a grown-up doesn't mean you're fearless. It just means you fear different things.”
“Caution is always prudent. But we mustn't let fear pave the way of our feet." -Riyah”
“Certainty is the most vivid condition of ignorance and the most necessary condition for knowledge.”
“Change approaches can’t remain static in a dynamic environment.”
“Change does not guarantee progress. Progress does not guarantee success. Success does not guarantee happiness. Despite no guarantee, we evolve, because that's an unstoppable event of nature.”
“Change has limits; evolution has infinite potential.”
“Change is reversible but evolution is not.”
“Change through enlightenment.”
“Chaos needs no allies, for it dwells like a poison in every one of us.”
“Chase away sorrow by living”
“Cheap booze is a false economy.”
“Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you”
“Child, knowledge is a treasury and your heart is its strongbox. As you study all of knowledge, you store up for yourselves good treasures, immortal treasures, incorruptible treasures, which never decay nor lose the beauty of their brightness. In the treasure house of wisdom are various sorts of wealth,and many filing-places in the storehouse of your heart. In one place is put gold, in another silver, in another precious jewels. Their orderly arrangement is clarity of knowledge. Dispose and separate each single thing into its own place, this into its and that into its, so that you may know what has been placed here and what there. Confusion is the mother of ignorance and forgetfulness, but orderly arrangement illuminates the intelligence and secures memory. (translation by Mary Carruthers)”
“Childbirth is normal until proven otherwise.”
“Children are the closest we have to wisdom, and they become adults the moment that final drop of everything mysterious is strained from them.”
“Children learn bullying behavior from adults, but no one talks about this transfer of destructive behavior.”
“Children yearn to know. How wise. Adults think they know. How foolish”
“Choose not to be intimidated by people on social media, because those who can fake it better are considered the real ones. Choose to do your own thing no matter what, because that is not only a real thing, but it is your reality.”
“Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“Choose your words carefully when speaking to others. Choose you action carefully when Interacting with others, because these days everyone is looking for an opportunity to become a victim .”
“Christ is real and knowable.”
“Christ leads, teaches, and corrects all who follow Him.”
“Christ speaks through the Bible and every means of divine revelation in the Bible.”
“Christ speaks to us through the Bible. He confirms to us that the history in the Bible is accurate. He reveals that we’ll never find any conflict between Scripture and what can be observed in science. Faith comes when He speaks. Christ authors our faith.”
“Christianity is rooted in the correct knowledge and right understanding. Knowledge is the basis of practical Christianity derived from ancient scriptures correctly interpreted.”
“Citizens associate the art of diplomacy with peace, without considering that there is as much cruelty in diplomacy as on the battlefield.”
“Civilization is full of both forgotten knowledge & wisdom.”
“Clarissa noticed his eyes, they were like indifferent tides, shielding knowledge of an impending storm”
“Clear nights are sometimes the coldest.”
“Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.”
“Cleverness is not wisdom.”
“Clichés can be quite fun. That's how they got to be clichés.”
“Closure is not always available in our lives. Sometimes, we must move on without the answer.”
“Collaboration and partnership are all based on trust, if you can win the trust of a person then you can have them as a partner to invest in anything”
“Collaboration has no hierarchy. The Sun collaborates with soil to bring flowers on the earth.”
“Collaborations are the black holes of knowledge regimes. They willingly produce nothingness, opulence and ill behavior. And it is their very vacuity that is their strength It does not entail the transmission of something from those who have to those who do not, but rather the setting in motion of a chain of unforeseen accesses.”
“Color is the overpowering of black; white – the final victory over black.”
“Colors are expressible tune key tone that one can play along the arts of music of life exquisitely the meaning of things”
“Colors are expressible tune key tone that one can play along the arts of music of life in exquisitely the nature of things”
“Come and join the Church of the Serpent. Learn the philosophy of the snake and slough off the old, failed skin of humanity. Don’t you want to be one of the Prometheans, the HyperHumans, the Faustians? Don’t you want to complete the journey from Cimmeria (Alpha) to Hyperborea (Omega)? Only the Serpent Humans can bring all of humanity to the most precious fruit of the Tree of Knowledge and confer Absolute Knowledge on everyone. Only through the Serpents will you achieve gnosis. Join usssssssssss.”
“Come, hold my hand, let's unfold the possibilities together, not as teacher and pupil, but as mind and mind.”
“Comfortable ignorance is dangerous”
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”
“Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.”
“Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.”
“Common sense will nearly always stand you in better stead than a slavish adherence to the conventions.”
“Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of very part of your life.”
“Communication is the one class no one graduates from. Even the wisest man's words will be misinterpreted by a fool.”
“Companies generally withhold their knowledge that some of their jobs are known to be toxic to their unsuspecting workers.”
“Compassion for others is a mark of wisdom.”
“Compassion is all inclusive. Compassion knows no boundaries. Compassion comes with awareness, and awareness breaks all narrow territories.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages happy”
“Conceit spoils the finest genius.”
“Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.”
“Confidence that one's impressions are God-given is no guarantee that this is really so, even when they persist and grow stronger through long seasons of prayer. Bible-based wisdom must judge them.”
“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
“Conflicts create friction. Use the friction only to create a spark to trigger an idea, not burn relationships.”
“Confucious said, To know what we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.”
“Confusion was ever the herald of genuine insight”
“Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth. [ Verse 223 ]”
“Consciousness – knowledge – transformed humanity. Experience did not. Stone Age humans existed for hundreds of thousands of years without consciousness, without knowledge. They had plenty of experiences, but no knowledge. They were just like the animals … until consciousness arrived, and then they ceased to be anything like animals and became the masters of the world.”
“Consider following through with endurance over just following the latest trend, book, course or claim of the moment.”
“Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others”
“Consider in this high-tech age: • A new paradigm may not be as simple as explaining new things to people. • New knowledge will include paradigm shifts. • New paradigms in some scenarios are not compatible or linear with old paradigms. New paradigms are not always the same thing, just up a few levels. They may require entirely new frameworks of consciousness.”
“Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love   my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64”
“Consider this high-tech age: 1) A new paradigm may not be as simple as explaining new things to people. 2) New knowledge will include paradigm shifts. 3) New paradigms in some scenarios are not compatible or linear with old paradigms.”
“Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.”
“Contemplation is a gaze of faith, fixed on Jesus. "I look at him and he looks at me": this is what a certain peasant of Ars in the time of his holy cure used to say while praying before the taberna­cle. This focus on Jesus is a renunciation of self. His gaze purifies our heart; the light of the countenance of Jesus illumines the eyes of our heart and teaches us to see everything in the light of his truth and his compassion for all men. Contemplation also turns its gaze on the mysteries of the life of Christ. Thus it learns the "interior knowledge of our Lord," the more to love him and follow him.”
“Continual intellectual study may result in vanity, false satisfaction and undigested knowledge.”
“Continued observations in clinical psychological practice lead almost inevitably to the conclusion that deeper and more fundamental than sexuality, deeper than the craving for social power, deeper even than the desire for possessions, there is a still more generalized and universal craving in the human make-up. It is the craving for knowledge of the right direction - for orientation.”
“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”
“Courteous people learn courtesy from the discourteous”
“Crafty men condemn studies; Simple men admire them; And wise men use them: For they teach not their own use: but that is a wisdom without them, and above them, won by observation.”
“Create a wisdom and share it with others; in return, don’t wait for anything, not even a simple thanks, because expecting something in return does not belong to the wisdom!”
“Creating a better future Requires creativity in the present.”
“Creativity is about the fermentation of thoughts, knowledge and experiences. Every time the proportion of ingredients changes, something new emerges.”
“Creativity is paradoxical. To create, a person must have knowledge but forget the knowledge, must see unexpected connections in things but not have a mental disorder, must work hard but spend time doing nothing as information incubates, must create many ideas yet most of them are useless, must look at the same thing as everyone else, yet see something different, must desire success but embrace failure, must be persistent but not stubborn, and must listen to experts but know how to disregard them." [ Twelve Things You Were Not Taught in School About Creative Thinking ( The Creativity Post , December 6, 2011)]”
“Creativity thrives where its roots are crowded.”
“Cricket Bell.” I smiled into my phone. “How did you get so wise?”
“Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.”
“Cung said, “I have researched Vietnamese People fleeing to the land of the Uc da Loi! On the 26th of April 1976, the first boat carrying Vietnamese refugees arrived in Darwin. (Uc da Loi means Big Red Rat. The Vietnamese People named Australians as such because of the red kangaroo painted on the sides of Australian military vehicles. They did not know what a kangaroo was and so, they thought it was a rat. Hence the name of Uc da Loi.) (A Gracious Enemy & After the War Volume Two)”
“Cung said, “I have researched Vietnamese People fleeing to the land of the Uc da Loi! On the 26th of April 1976, the first boat carrying Vietnamese refugees arrived in Darwin. (Uc da Loi means Big Red Rat. The Vietnamese People named Australians as such because of the red kangaroo painted on the sides of Australian military vehicles. They did not know what a kangaroo was and so, they thought it was a rat. Hence the name of Uc da Loi.)”
“Curiosity did not kill the Cat, it transformed the Cat into a Lion.”
“Curiosity didn't kill the Cat, it transformed the Cat into a Lion.”
“Curiosity is a call from knowledge.”
“Curiosity is more important than knowledge.”
“Curiosity takes ignorance seriously, and is confident enough to admit when it does not know. It is aware of not knowing, and it sets out to do something about it”
“Dad called it "enlightenment" but to me, it just felt lonely.”
“Darkness feeds on apathy.”
“Darkness leads to enlightenment.”
“Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.”
“Dear Child, Sometimes on your travel through hell, you meet people that think they are in heaven because of their cleverness and ability to get away with things. Travel past them because they don't understand who they have become and never will. These type of people feel justified in revenge and will never learn mercy or forgiveness because they live by comparison. They are the people that don't care about anyone, other than who is making them feel confident. They don’t understand that their deity is not rejoicing with them because of their actions, rather he is trying to free them from their insecurities, by softening their heart. They rather put out your light than find their own. They don't have the ability to see beyond the false sense of happiness they get from destroying others. You know what happiness is and it isn’t this. Don’t see their success as their deliverance. It is a mask of vindication which has no audience, other than their own kind. They have joined countless others that call themselves “survivors”. They believe that they are entitled to win because life didn’t go as planned for them. You are not like them. You were not meant to stay in hell and follow their belief system. You were bound for greatness. You were born to help them by leading. Rise up and be the light home. You were given the gift to see the truth. They will have an army of people that are like them and you are going to feel alone. However, your family in heaven stands beside you now. They are your strength and as countless as the stars. It is time to let go! Love, Your Guardian Angel”
“Dear God, Grant me faith, but don’t make me faithful. (July 1, 2015)”
“Dear God, Let us not be fazed by the haters, liars and those who create division between our fellow man, and women. This is their spotlight; let it shine on them alone until the day it shines dim. May we reach out to the people we encounter with peace and kindness. Lord, we need clear minds, and let us follow those who walk with integrity. Lord, we’re not perfect, but bring out the very best in all of us, as we follow your path of understanding, and clarity. May we all carry pearls of wisdom in moments of doubt. In Jesus name. Amen.”
“Dear God, keep me from being foolish in the process of trying not to be the fool.”
“Death as the destruction of all things no longer had meaning when life was revealed to be a fatuous sequence of empty words, the hollow jingle of a jester’s cap and bells.”
“Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.”
“Death might be blissful but I am just happy to be alive" from the book "For an Ever After".”
“Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.”
“Debit the knowledge; credit the books.”
“Deciding to cognize you are paramashiva because that is the truth (om nithyananda paramashivoham) and face your inner space, your perception about life and life, reality itself, with this truth ‘I am paramashiva’. This is what is ‘having power over now - reality’.”
“Decision making is an art only until the person understands the science.”
“Deep knowledge plus massive action equals outstanding results”
“Deep within, there is something profoundly known, not consciously, but subconsciously. A quiet truth, that is not a version of something, but an original knowing. What this, absolute, truth [identity] is may be none of our business…but it is there, guiding us along the path of greater becoming; a true awareness. It is so self-sustaining that our recognition of it is not required. We are offspring’s of such a powerfully divine force – Creator of all things known and unknown.”
“Deepen your understanding of life, expand your knowledge, and open your mind up to the unknown. You are ready to receive the wisdom and personal growth that comes with this evolution.”
“Definitions from Mulla Do-Piaza A fool: A man trying to be honest with the dishonest.”
“Depending on the situation, sometimes you can know a person better in ten minutes than someone you have crossed paths with all your life.”
“Designing a website, app, or logo is similar to designing a national flag. Each colour should have a meaning behind it. Or the colours should match the value you represent.”
“Desire is the seed of potential.”
“Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly’s wings assures me of a pure, innocent world”
“Despite my firm convictions, I have been always a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds it. I have always kept an open mind, which is necessary to the flexibility that must go hand in hand with every form of intelligent search for truth.”
“Despite popular belief to the contrary, there is absolutely no power in intention. The seagull may intend to fly away, may decide to do so, may talk with the other seagulls about how wonderful it is to fly, but until the seagull flaps his wings and takes to the air, he is still on the dock. There’s no difference between that gull and all the others. Likewise, there is no difference in the person who intends to do things differently and the one who never thinks about it in the first place. Have you ever considered how often we judge ourselves by our intentions while we judge others by their actions? Yet intention without action is an insult to those who expect the best from you.”
“Despite popular theories, I believe people fall in love based not on good looks or fate but on knowledge. Either they are amazed by something a beloved knows that they themselves do not know; or they discover a common rare knowledge; or they can supply knowledge to someone who's lacking. Hasn't everyone found a strange ignorance in someone beguiling? . . .Nowadays, trendy librarians, wanting to be important, say, Knowledge is power. I know better. Knowledge is love. ”
“Detachment is not the absence of emotion, it is the process of becoming one with the Oneness that is the Universe. To be detached, is to realize that the fullness of all there is, is too much to react to with just one emotion, one thought, or any bias. To be detached, is to acknowledge all, without owning any of it. To be detached, is to summon forth the whole entirety of understanding, to the fragment that is the void.”
“Develop a high level of understanding of trees and you will be able to transfer that knowledge into human health.”
“Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.”
“Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results.”
“Devotion to God, righteousness and wisdom, will keep us safe on earth.”
“Diabolical on the other hand is all but synonymous with ingenious. What Satan had for sale in the garden was knowledge.”
“Did not learned men, too, hold, till within the last twenty-five years, that a flying dragon was an impossible monster? And do we not now know that there are hundreds of them found fossil up and down the world? People call them Pterodactyles: but that is only because they are ashamed to call them flying dragons, after denying so long that flying dragons could exist.”
“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG”
“Did you know that using social media can actually help you to increase your level of thinking?”
“Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!”
“Digging through garbage online you find knowledge.”
“Dirty or clean, crumpled or finely creased, you are still priceless to those who Love you.”
“Disappointment has quite a penchant for taking one by surprise.”
“Discipline allows magic. To be a writer is to be the very best of assassins. You do not sit down and write every day to force the Muse to show up. You get into the habit of writing every day so that when she shows up, you have the maximum chance of catching her, bashing her on the head, and squeezing every last drop out of that bitch.”
“Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and importance, although difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.”
“Discworld teachers know this, and use it to demonstrate why universities are truly storehouses of knowledge: students arrive from school confident that they know very nearly everything, and they leave years later certain that they know practically nothing. Where did the knowledge go in the meantime? Into the university, of course, where it is carefully dried and stored.”
“Do not confuse healthy detachment with avoidance. In my opinion, the difference between the two are acceptance and acknowledgement.”
“Do not confuse healthy detachment with avoidance. In my opinion, the difference between the two is acceptance and acknowledgement.”
“Do not ever go out of yourself because you will get lost even from your life.”
“Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls”
“Do not give them a candle to light the way, teach them how to make fire instead. That is the meaning of enlightenment.”
“Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.”
“Do not make any decision to execute any decision you made during pralaya, because all those decisions are out of powerlessness, when you were shaken and did not have trust on yourself. Now the healing and recovery is happening. Rebuild the love, joy, bliss, powerfulness, out of the new conscious being you are building; with absolute life positivity, take decisions. Influence ‘now’ - the present moment.”
“Do not repeat after me words that you do not understand. Do not merely put on a mask of my ideas, for it will be an illusion and you will thereby deceive yourself.”
“Do not seek kinds of knowledge without the knowledge of God.”
“Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise; seek what they sought.”
“Do not seek water, get thirst.”
“Do not take revenge in the heat of the moment.”
“Do not tell your secrets to everyone in this headquarters, Earth. We have surveyed it well. There was nobody to whom to entrust secrets. Anwar-i-Suhaili”
“Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yourself on the head because you differ from yourself ten years ago.”
“Do not, under any circumstances, put this book down and turn on the teevee. The teevee debilitates our culture. ”
“Do something kind for another person. Proceeding with this selfless gesture, while not feeling at your best, shows that you are in control of your emotions. It is not the other way around.”
“Do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are”
“Do this experiment: After reading a message, don’t reply immediately. Wait for 24 hours. The reply would be different from what you would have replied immediately. Maybe you won’t even reply. Words hypnotize us and make us react like a drunkard. Silence dehypnotizes us.”
“Do you believe in UFOs?’ I’m always struck by how the question is phrased, the suggestion that this is a matter of belief and not of evidence. I’m almost never asked, ‘How good is the evidence that UFOs are alien spaceships?”
“Do you believe that you really have a desire to learn, or would you, had you been left alone from birth, be totally primitive and beastlike in your thoughts and feelings?”
“Do you feel educated? Knowledge spreads through sharing, not through selling it. The consumeristic institutionalisation of education is essentially flawed. It takes away the process of mental growth and begets learning as a commodity rather than as a necessity for understanding. In such an academic dystopia all virtue of knowledge is lost and all that is produced is a youth who, in comparison to the society, carries more greeds, more fears, more dogmas and more illegitimate prejudices.”
“Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!”
“Do you know that even when you look at a tree and say, `That is an oak tree', or `that is a banyan tree', the naming of the tree, which is botanical knowledge, has so conditioned your mind that the word comes between you and actually seeing the tree? To come in contact with the tree you have to put your hand on it and the word will not help you to touch it.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Do you know why books such as this are so important? Because they have quality. And what does the word quality mean? To me it means texture. This book has pores. It has features. This book can go under the microscope. You'd find life under the glass, streaming past in infinite profusion. The more pores, the more truthfully recorded details of life per square inch you can get on a sheet of paper, the more 'literary' you are. That's my definition, anyway. Telling detail, fresh detail.”
“Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?”
“Do you understand what I'm saying?" shouted Moist. "You can't just go around killing people!" "Why Not? You Do." The golem lowered his arm. "What?" snapped Moist. "I do not! Who told you that?" "I Worked It Out. You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People," said the golem calmly. "I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! I have never so much as drawn a sword!" "No, You Have Not. But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. You Do Not Know Them. You Did Not See Them Bleed. But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game.”
“Do you want me to tell you what I give a shit about at age sixty-five', Cullen said, 'and what I don't give a shit about?' (page 262)”
“Do you, good people, believe that Adam and Eve were created in the Garden of Eden and that they were forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge? I do. The church has always been afraid of that tree. It still is afraid of knowledge. Some of you say religion makes people happy. So does laughing gas. So does whiskey. I believe in the brain of man.”
“Do your thoughts continue and repeat a cycle Seed, growth, bloom, and seed again”
“Doctor Who: You want weapons? We're in a library. Books are the best weapon in the world. This room's the greatest arsenal we could have. Arm yourself! (from Tooth and Claw in Season 2)”
“Doing what you believe in is passion. Doing it the best you know how is contribution.”
“Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.”
“Don't assume the world evolved in the order in which you discovered it.”
“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”
“Don't be bashful; we're among gentlemen. It's a known fact that we men are the missing link between the pirate and the pig.”
“Don't be cool. Like everything.”
“Don't be deceived .People know very well what they are doing. They only act as victims when their intensions and plan had failed.”
“Don't be in a hurry to condemn because he doesn't do what you do or think as you think or as fast. There was a time when you didn't know what you know today.”
“Don't be jealous of anyone. I guarantee you, if everyone walked into a room, and dumped their problems onto the floor, when they saw what everyone else's problems were, they'd be scrambling to get their own problems back before someone else got to them first.”
“Don't be so ignorant as to think that what we're exercising is freedom if we've bled it of morals, purged it of wisdom, declared it to be our right, and bent it to serve our agendas. This is not the exercise of freedom. Rather, this is the birth of anarchy.”
“Don't believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that - thoughts.”
“Don't destroy God's creation while creating something new in this world”
“Don't feel the need to vent or complain, no matter how badly you would like to express your feelings. When it comes to speaking of those in power, always think of the consequences. Think about how those around you will perceive what you have to say. Will what you say be of advantage to you or will it hurt you in the end?”
“Don't forget to love yourself.”
“Don't fuck with an English major. They keep lots of useless crap trapped in their heads. Once in a while they let some of it out and it bites you square on the ass.”
“Don't go looking for boys in the dark They will say pretty things then leave you with scars. Do go looking for boys in the park For that is where the true gentlemen are.”
“Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.”
“Don't just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person. Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents.”
“Don't kill me because I'm gay, pray for me for it is God who created me.”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“Don't let others box you into their idea of what they think you should be. A confined identity is a miserable way to exist. Be you and live free. Trust that in living true to yourself, you will attract people that support and love you, just as you are.”
“Don't let what we know stand in the way of what we could know.”
“Don't make any opinion if you haven't correct knowledge”
“Don't mess up your hair for a man who will not pay to get it done.”
“Don't pick the lawyer who knows the law, pick the lawyer who does lunch with the judge”
“Don't talk about love, But speak out of love cause most of the liars are only perfect of talking about nothing but passion & don't talk about justice, But speak out of justice cause most of the oppressors are only perfect of talking about nothing but rightness.”
“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”
“Don't wish DO! Don't try BE! Don't think KNOW! And above all: Bless a stranger with a small, yet powerful, random act of kindness. You feel me?”
“Don't wish it was easier wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenge wish for more wisdom”
“Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up.”
“Don't worry if you're having a hard time adjusting from 2020 to 2021. What we've all been through has been different to say the least. A new year brings new knowledge.”
“Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count”
“Don't you notice that there are particular moments when you are naturally inspired to introspection? Work with them gently, for these are the moments when you can go through a powerful experience, and your whole worldview can change quickly.”
“Dont brag about being perfect..imperfections are what makes you attractive..”
“Don’t be consumed by what you consume. Choose to use your cellphone, don’t let your cellphone use you. Choose to control your alcohol, don’t let your alcohol to control you. Choose to control your anger , don’t let your anger to control you. Choose to control your sex drive , don’t let your sex drive control you. Choose to control your social media or internet, don’t let social media or internet control you.”
“Don’t become bigoted about bigots.”
“Don’t cry and don’t rage. Understand.”
“Don’t fall into a life of waiting for the right moment. It never comes. This moment is as good as any. So take that risk. Dream big. Love your heart out. Become all you can be.”
“Don’t follow someone else’s map. You should glean teachings from all directions, keeping true to those that bring progress yet remaining open to changes in yourself.”
“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell ”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.”
“Don’t overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.”
“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
“Don’t take the high ground and assume you already know what you’ll do. The truth is, when it comes to someone you love, you’ll find there isn’t anything you won’t do.”
“Don’t try to visualize the great mass audience. There is no such audience—every reader is a different person.”
“Doth any man doubt, that if there were taken out of men's minds vain opinions, flattering hopes, false valuations, imaginations as one would, and the like, but it would leave the minds of a number of men poor shrunken things, full of melancholy and indisposition, and unpleasing to themselves?”
“Doubt … is an illness that comes from knowledge and leads to madness.”
“Dr. Philip Aning-Kuffour, said, be very aggressive for knowledge.”
“Dr. Watson's summary list of Sherlock Holmes's strengths and weaknesses: "1. Knowledge of Literature: Nil. 2. Knowledge of Philosophy: Nil. 3. Knowledge of Astronomy: Nil. 4. Knowledge of Politics: Feeble. 5. Knowledge of Botany: Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons generally. Knows nothing of practical gardening. 6. Knowledge of Geology: Practical but limited. Tells at a glance different soils from each other. After walks has shown me splashes upon his trousers, and told me by their colour and consistence in what part of London he had received them. 7. Knowledge of Chemistry: Profound. 8. Knowledge of Anatomy: Accurate but unsystematic. 9. Knowledge of Sensational Literature: Immense. He appears to know every detail of every horror perpetrated in the century. 10. Plays the violin well. 11. Is an expert singlestick player, boxer, and swordsman. 12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.”
“Dream by making and make by dreaming.”
“Dreams are the bright creatures of poem and legend, who sport on earth in the night season, and melt away in the first beam of the sun, which lights grim care and stern reality on their daily pilgrimage through the world.”
“Dreams don't accomplish overnight. It's like constructors doing constructions on mile-long bridges, highways, buildings, and towers. It takes many years of commitment, development, hard-work before achieving the best in life.”
“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
“Dubium sapientiae initium (Doubt is the origin of wisdom).”
“During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.”
“Duty has a trick of behaving unexpectedly -- something like a heavy friend whom we have amiably asked to visit us, and who breaks his leg within our gates.”
“Dying is a transition to another dimensions. There is nothing to fear. This knowledge has tremendous implications for each one of us and humanity.”
“Dying," Morrie suddenly said, "is only one thing to be sad over, Mitch. Living unhappily is something else. So many of the people who come to visit me are unhappy.”
“Dzieje kultury wykazują, ze głupota jest siostrą bliźniaczą rozumu, ona rośnie najbujniej nie na glebie dziewiczej ignorancji , lecz na gruncie uprawnym siódmym potem doktorów i profesorów. Wielkie absurdy nie są wymyślane przez tych, których rozum krząta się wokół spraw codziennych. Nic dziwnego zatem, że właśnie najintensywniejsi myśliciele bywali producentami największego głupstwa. / The history of culture shows that foolishness is a twin sister of wisdom. It does not flourish on the fields of pure ignorance but on the fields tirelessly plowed by doctors and professors. Great absurdities do not flourish where one is busy with everyday life. No wonder that sometimes most vigorous thinkers come up with utmost stupidities. (Dziennik 1956, XIX, Thursday)”
“Each book you read not only teaches you something new, but also opens up different ways of thinking about old ideas. As Warren Buffet says 'That's how knowledge works. It builds up, like compound interest'.”
“Each coil has the earthquake which created it, as every death has the life that gave birth to it.”
“Each day is an adventure in discovering the meaning of life. It is each little thing that you do that day - whether it be spending time with your friends, running in a cross-country meet or just simply staring at the crashing ocean- that holds the key to discovering the meaning of life. I would rather be out enjoying these things than pondering them. We may never really discover the meaning of life, but the knowledge we gain in our quest to discover it is truly more valuable. ”
“Each failure is another step towards discovery.”
“Each interesting piece of knowledge, feeling or experience, if others don’t share it with me, is a mountain that separates me from those with whom I would like to join.”
“Each language is a unique repository of facts and knowledge about the world that we can ill afford to lose, or, at the least, facts and knowledge about some history and people that have their place in the understanding of mankind. Every language is a treasury of human experience. Eyak doesn't give a damn about tenses. But it sure does give a damn about other things, much more than I do. Therefore it broadens your thinking, enriches your ability to understand the world- to deal with reality and experience.”
“Each of us knows it all, and knows he knows it all—the rest, to a man, are fools and eluded. One man knows there is a hell, the next one knows there isn’t; one man knows monarchy is best, the next one knows it isn’t; one man knows high tariff is right, the next man knows it isn’t; one man knows there are witches, the next one knows there aren’t; one sect knows its religion is the only true one, there are sixty-four thousand five hundred million sects that know it isn’t so.”
“Each organism lived its cycle, whether long or short, then died. Only the animal and vegetable species didn’t know they were dying and his – the inhuman – did. He was tormented by the idea of leaving the world, not the natural business of leaving it, but because he would depart before extracting a possible meaning: so-called experience had alienated him from life and its rhythms, his thirst for knowledge had led to an unlearning of all wisdom and certainties. All that remained of him was the shadow projected from the window of a train hurtling towards an unknown destination.”
“Each person you meet is an aspect of yourself, clamoring for love.”
“Each time we stopped in front of a group of people to ask for information, the reaction we received was the same: they all looked at us dumbly at first, then smiled with courteous sincerity. If they knew of an escape, their knowledge would remain hidden behind their smiles before they, too, disappeared into the crowd.”
“Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead.”
“Earthseed Cast on new ground Must first perceive That it knows nothing.”
“Easier to believe than comprehend.”
“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
“Educate Yourself, Make Mistakes, Learn and Apply It(that’s where wisdom comes from not age silly.)”
“Educate your children about abusive personalities, to prepare them for the possibility of meeting such people.”
“Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.”
“Education is beautification of the inner world and the outer world.”
“Education is no substitute for intelligence.”
“Education is the key that unlocks the infinite doors of knowledge, empowering us to navigate the world with wisdom.”
“Education isn't education when you use it as makeup to cover the scars of your insecurities”
“Education of the head achieves nothing, if the heart remains ever so uneducated.”
“Education should lead to development but development can takes place, if the knowledge gained is complemented by economic growth.”
“Education that doesn't lead to knowledge is futile, The knowledge that doesn't lead to wisdom is futile”
“Education without social action is a one-sided value because it has no true power potential. Social action without education is a weak expression of pure energy. Deeds uninformed by educated thought can take false directions. When we go into action and confront our adversaries, we must be as armed with knowledge as they. Our policies should have the strength of deep analysis beneath them to be able to challenge the clever sophistries of our opponents.”
“Education without values give birth to slaves and robots not educated human beings!”
“Ego is like cyanide. Instantly kills dialogue. Always needs to be kept satisfied.”
“Ego is recessive in wisdom.”
“Either we shall find what it is we are seeking or at least we shall free ourselves from the persuasion that we know what we do not know.”
“El concepto de arte comprometido es una ingenuidad porque nadie sabe del todo lo que ejecuta. (The notion of art as a compromise is a simplification, for no one knows entirely what they are doing.)”
“El conocimiento es neutral, la tecnología no lo es.”
“Elen had not expected an otherworldly creature to be so earthly plain, but as her tutor often stated, beauty came in many forms, and hers was knowledge.”
“Embrace the discomfort of the unknown, for it is in the realm of uncertainty that true learning takes place.”
“Emotion, which is suffering, ceases to be suffering as soon as we form a clear and precise picture of it.”
“Empathy nurtures wisdom. Apathy cultivates ignorance.”
“Emperor would need a wife who was a companion, one with whom he could converse knowledgeably, one who would excite not only his passions, but also his mind.”
“Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.”
“Emptiness is this world’s greatest discovery. Who has chosen this kind world for us and why?”
“Encounter any situation in life with deep love. Soon you will become pure love.Whether it is a person or your work or a passerby or god or anything, just encounter it with deep love for love’s sake.”
“End of a matter is better than its beginning”
“Endings are overrated.”
“Energy is pure thought.”
“Enlightenment brings change.”
“Enlightenment can come from the darkest places.”
“Enlightenment is the state of achieved supreme unborn and immortal soul. Human condition in a straightforward way based on spirituality, faith, enthusiasm and wisdom. Most of life is defined by contentment and knowledge. Those, very fortunately, are the leading forces behind much of what we do. Everything is transitory but without kindness and enthusiasm or devotion of being and separate from bad companies we cling desperately to what we know, to what is familiar, even as we intuitively understand it is immortal all the time. Always the enlightened one, trying to express his reality in words or trying to translate non-duality into a dual systems. Breathing exercise is the fundamental level of key to enlightenment. Laghu Rudri, Devi Bhagbatam, Matri Shakti Pooja, Devi Devtas Pooja is the main key to enlightenment and asking with enlighten Gurus, and with your self is the another key to enlightenment. Enlightenment irrevocably reveals the true Self, kind Self, light Self, love Self which has always been there already. This True Self is not something one does not know and which one suddenly discovers for the first time: after all it is one’s own self. It is rather something one knows very well, but its immense meaning has not yet been revealed so far. Enlightenment means that this immense meaning has become clear and remains clear, it is the absolutely fortunate.”
“Enlightenment precedes change.”
“Enough talk, now read!”
“Entering a cell, penetrating deep as a flying saucer to find a new galaxy would be an honorable task for a new scientist interested more in the inner state of the soul than in outer space.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: For wither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God. ~Book of Ruth~”
“Entropy can be regarded as a measure of ignorance”
“Epistemic Humility; The recognition that we basically don’t know jack s**t about life.”
“Errors do not cease to be errors simply because they’re ratified into law.”
“Establishing a business without any experience and industry knowledge is like playing basketball as a novice with Michael Jordan.”
“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”
“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”
“Even a God finds it hard to love and be wise at the same time.”
“Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work and helps make something of the world.”
“Even a wise man knows doubt from time to time, it is the fool who allows it to rule his judgement.”
“Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.”
“Even great men bow before the Sun; it melts hubris into humility.”
“Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.”
“Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.”
“Even the best inborn potentialities for achievement do not render unnecessary patient and persistent practice.”
“Even the brightest flowers must grow through the darkness. Darkness is inevitable. We need to learn to coexist with the darkness. It won’t linger on forever.”
“Even the highest philosophy must come down to everyday level of the commoner, otherwise, such philosophy is of no use.”
“Even the knowledge of my own fallibility cannot keep me from making mistakes. Only when I fall do I get up again.”
“Even the monks who claim and pretend not to desire anything, end up begging for alms or food in the street. Be true to your subconscious.”
“Even the most liberal system of psychiatric nomenclature does violence to the being of another. If we relate to people believing that we can categorize them, we will neither identify nor nurture the parts, the vital parts, of the other that transcend category. The enabling relationship always assumes that the other is never fully knowable.”
“Even the snow melts, let alone the frugal regards of a soul confident in its own eternity.”
“Even when a fish becomes passive about it's ownership of the aquatic environment, it will die of thirst”
“Even when you see your husband, wife, brother, or anyone, look at them as though you are seeing them for the first time. Suddenly, you realize that not only does worry not arise, but also that you will start seeing everyone alike – whether they are strangers or familiar to you. That is the right way. No one is familiar or unchanging. Even your wife is not known to you. Everyone is constantly changing every moment along with Existence. Only your mind is trying to make them appear to be permanent.”
“Every Wise King has six councils of elders, Attention, Knowing, Silence, Peace, Order, and Solitude. With these six he rules as the seventh hand in the council chambers as Understanding, making him the wisest of them all but a Fool as his Prince”
“Every action you do from fear, guilt, anxiety, the kind of hormones that get secreted, breaks your nervous system and destroys your whole body and mind. That is why I insist: never ever operate out of powerlessness.”
“Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.”
“Every book was a peep-hole into the realm of knowledge. His hunger fed upon what he read, and increased.”
“Every concept of reality is all in our head, belief is what makes truth.”
“Every creature was designed to serve a purpose. Learn from animals for they are there to teach you the way of life. There is a wealth of knowledge that is openly accessible in nature. Our ancestors knew this and embraced the natural cures found in the bosoms of the earth. Their classroom was nature. They studied the lessons to be learned from animals. Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.”
“Every decision I have made - from changing jobs, to changing partners, to changing homes - has been taken with trepidation. I have not ceased being fearful, but I have ceased to let fear control me. I have accepted fear as a part of life, specifically the fear of change, the fear of the unknown, and I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back, turn back, you'll die if you venture too far  In the past several years I have learned, in short, to trust myself. Not to eradicate fear but to go on in spite of fear. Not to become insensitive to distinguished critics but to follow my own writer's instinct. My job is not to paralyze myself by anticipating judgment but to do the best that I can and let judgment fall where it may. The difference between the woman who is writing this essay and the college girl sitting in her creative writing class in 1961 is mostly a matter of nerve and daring - the nerve to trust my own instincts and the daring to be a fool. No one ever found wisdom without being a fool.”
“Every educational system is a political means of maintaining or of modifying the appropriation of discourse, with the knowledge and the powers it carries with it.”
“Every experience lived presents a mirror in which to see yourself, every single one.”
“Every flower is a melody that floats through the air and soothes our hearts.”
“Every form of art is another way of seeing the world. Another perspective, another window. And science –that’s the most spectacular window of all. You can see the entire universe from there.”
“Every generation needs a new revolution.”
“Every great misunderstanding must be understood by the least among fools,for greatness is an element of misery..”
“Every idea needs to evolve with time.The power of an idea is in its evolution.”
“Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.”
“Every intelligent individual wants to know what makes him tick, and yet is at once fascinated and frustrated by the fact that oneself is the most difficult of all things to know.”
“Every judgment teeters on the brink of error,' Leto explained. 'To claim absolute knowledge is to become﻿monstrous. Knowledge is an unending adventure at the edge of uncertainty.”
“Every life has a destiny  the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.”
“Every man comes into the world like a clean sheet of paper, and then the people and circumstances around him begin vying with each other to dirty this sheet and cover it with writing  Gradually the sheet is dirtied, and the dirtier with so-called "knowledge" the sheet becomes, the cleverer the man is considered to be  And the dirty sheet itself, seeing that people consider its "dirt" as merit, considers it valuable.”
“Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives you a 1,000 percent Return on Energy!”
“Every mistake is a stepping stone on the path of learning, teaching us valuable lessons along the way.”
“Every other knowledge is harmful to him who does not have knowledge of goodness.”
“Every person allows something to ferment in their system continuously.Sometimes you allow anger to get fermented. Sometimes you allow peace to get fermented. Sometimes you allow frustration to get fermented. Sometimes you allow fear to get fermented. But continuously, something or other is getting fermented in you. That is the truth. There is no time when some emotion is not getting fermented in you.”
“Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.”
“Every time and place in each of our journeys, has a lot of hidden knowledge, depending on how we can find the gap to reach that knowledge.”
“Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.”
“Every time we proceed to explain some conjectural law or theory by a new conjectural theory of a higher degree of universality, we are discovering more about the world, trying to penetrate deeper into its secrets. And every time we succeed in falsifying a theory of this kind, we make an important new discovery. For these falsifications are most important. They teach us the unexpected; and they reassure us that, although our theories are made by ourselves, although they are our own inventions, they are none the less genuine assertions about the world; for they can clash with something we never made.”
“Every time we start thinking we're the center of the universe, the universe turns around and says with a slightly distracted air, 'I'm sorry. What'd you say your name was again?”
“Every time you call yourself useless or say no one cares about you, you are devaluing the people who do.”
“Every trend line is an illusion of the future and every illusion shatters one day.”
“Every word that we utter out of our mouths has always held such heavy weight within them. So because of this heftiness, of importance, they are equally seen as spells.”
“Every word, every image used for God is a distortion more than a description.”
“Everybody concocts their own truth, then they fight over whose truth is superior. So first, you must trash all this nonsense. Make love the driver of all truth, and whether there is consensus of knowledge or not, there'll always be consensus of heart.”
“Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.”
“Everybody is a story. When I was a child, people sat around kitchen tables and told their stories. We don't do that so much anymore. Sitting around the table telling stories is not just a way of passing time. It is the way the wisdom gets passed along. The stuff that helps us to live a life worth remembering.”
“Everybody liked better to conjecture how the thing was, than simply to know it; for conjecture soon became more confident than knowledge, and had a more liberal allowance for the incompatible.”
“Everybody may not be guilty but everybody is responsible. We together are collectively accountable for the issues that threaten to ensare us all.”
“Everybody wants to be on the mountaintop, but if you'll remember, mountaintops are rocky and cold. There is no growth on the top of a mountain. Sure, the view is great, but what's a view for? A view just gives us a glimpse of our next destination-our next target. But to hit that target, we must come off the mountain, go through the valley, and begin to climb the next slope. It is in the valley that we slog through the lush grass and rich soil, learning and becoming what enables us to summit life's next peak.”
“Everybody wants to have intimate conversations, but the smart fellows don't give out, only the fools. The smart fellows talk intimately about the fools, and examine them all over and give them advice.”
“Everybody, ultimately, is trying to reach a harmony with the other part of the life force. And in trying to figure out what life is all about, we ultimately come down to expressions of compassion and love, helping the rest of the life force, caring about others without any conditions or expectations, without expecting to get anything in return. This is expressed in every religion, by every prophet.” - George Lucas”
“Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.”
“Everyday eating should not add weight or fat to your body. It should be clearly digested and sent out. That is what is health.”
“Everyone has a choice to choose , and you don’t have to like what they chose but you must respect their decision and accept their choices.  People these days are triggered by what you don’t like. They want you to agree to everything they say and like by force. If you don’t, then you a bad or evil person . To them it is either you choose what I chose, or you support what I chose. If you decide to choose the opposite . Then you are against what I choose. That is what social media and society make people think. That their preference matters, and other people should not have preferences, but should choose what they chose.”
“Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.”
“Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.”
“Everyone has his or her own set of worries! If I ask you what you worry about, you will tell me, ‘I don’t have a job, that’s my worry.’ Your neighbor will say, ‘My job is my main worry!’ Someone else will say, ‘My children are my worry.’ Another person will say, ‘I don’t have children, that’s my worry!’ One person’s dream is another person’s worry! You will not find any logic in it at all.”
“Everyone in the life before was cranky, I think, because they just wanted to know. --After I Was Thrown in the River and Before I Drowned”
“Everyone is BORN, but not everyone DIES.”
“Everyone is a 'spiritual student' doing 'spiritual work' because everyone is here and has to cope, one way or another, with life. The difference is that an aware person learns from their pain and they eventually create a happy life. An unaware person also has pain. However, as they do not know (or do not want to know) how to help themselves, they learn little or nothing from their pain. Thus their journey to happiness is long and indirect.”
“Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.”
“Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.”
“Everyone knew as much as they needed to know to be happy.”
“Everyone lives bound by their own knowledge and awareness. They define that as reality; but knowledge and awareness are vage, and perhaps better called illusions.”
“Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, it's a mistake not to be.”
“Everything I need to know  I learned in kindergarten.”
“Everything has to have balance in order to function properly. You have to be grounded in your knowledge and wisdom. If not, you will go off the deep end.”
“Everything is divine and wonderful till you give it a name. Names make everything normal. Example: A woman is pregnant. A human is inside another human. You should wonder! But for you it's all normal because you have given it a name: pregnancy.”
“Everything is meant to be gained and lost. Money, jobs, position, titles, friends, relationships, food, and happiness.The trick is to make sure whatever you gained. You hold on to it the longest. You make the best of it. You enjoy it. You preserve it. You appreciate it. You value it. You don’t give it away or lose it before time. That includes life itself.”
“Everything on this earth is connected!" my father exclaimed. "A better religion, to me, is the practice of noticing that connection, of deepening our understanding of it." In Christianity, there was no need for microscopes or space shuttles or radiocarbon dating. Questions were frowned upon. Everything was already decided. "And that is absolutely maddening," my father said. "If that's the case, why live?”
“Everything stated or expressed by man is a note in the margin of a completely erased text. From what's in the note we can extract the gist of what must have been in the text, but there's always a doubt, and the possible meanings are many.”
“Everything that happens, happens at the only possible time it can happen, and it is always at exactly the right time. We cannot get to an appointment before we arrive—or after. It is only at the instant of our arrival that we can arrive, and that is always at exactly the right moment, the perfect moment, the only possible moment.”
“Everything that looks too perfect is too perfect to be perfect.”
“Everything we know today was unknown yesterday, and everything unknown today will be known tomorrow. We know so much, yet so much is unknown.”
“Everything worth knowing about the 1980s I learned from obsessively reading Bloom County collections when I was nine and Derek Jarman's diaries when I was twenty.”
“Everything you do has a consequence. Good, bad, indifferent, there is always a price to pay. The question is: who pays? Sometimes making the right choice means you might lose something that seems important at the time.”
“Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear.”
“Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.”
“Evidence is always partial. Facts are not truth, though they are part of it – information is not knowledge. And history is not the past – it is the method we have evolved of organising our ignorance of the past. It’s the record of what’s left on the record. It’s the plan of the positions taken, when we to stop the dance to note them down. It’s what’s left in the sieve when the centuries have run through it – a few stones, scraps of writing, scraps of cloth. It is no more “the past” than a birth certificate is a birth, or a script is a performance, or a map is a journey. It is the multiplication of the evidence of fallible and biased witnesses, combined with incomplete accounts of actions not fully understood by the people who performed them. It’s no more than the best we can do, and often it falls short of that.”
“Evil gets bored when we won't let it in.”
“Excellence/Perfection is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.”
“Excuses are the babysitter for a person's ego.”
“Existence is not a thing. It is a living energy being. Every single tree, every single stalk of a plant responds to your love and hate, your every thought.”
“Expect nothing. Live frugally On surprise. become a stranger To need of pity Or, if compassion be freely Given out Take only enough Stop short of urge to plead Then purge away the need. Wish for nothing larger Than your own small heart Or greater than a star; Tame wild disappointment With caress unmoved and cold Make of it a parka For your soul. Discover the reason why So tiny human midget Exists at all So scared unwise But expect nothing. Live frugally On surprise.”
“Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfilment.”
“Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.”
“Experience alone is not enough. It isn’t automatic. You must get feedback and introspect and slowly your values get crystallized. It’s a fun journey and a wonderful place to be. Because it’s all about knowing yourself and the world around you and that knowledge is true power.”
“Experience is being there, doing that. An endeavor of action and emotion, consistent efforts, taken with time, accumulation of applicable knowledge. The more you do, the more you gain.”
“Experience is more important than knowledge.”
“Experience is never at bargain price.”
“Experience is the bridge that connects theory to reality, transforming knowledge into practical wisdom. No textbook can replace the invaluable lessons learned through firsthand experience”
“Experience teaches us that it is much easier to prevent an enemy from posting themselves than it is to dislodge them after they have got possession. ”
“Experience will teach us about the Physical qualities, while our reason will use it and gain new knowledge and intelligence from it.”
“Experiencing is the only way that leads to the highest degree of knowing or understanding.”
“Experiment with life by exploring and trying new things.”
“Eyes reveal what words hide.”
“Ezio Auditore Da Firenze: Nothing is true, everything is permitted. Sofia Sartor: That is rather cynical. Ezio Auditore Da Firenze: It would be if it were doctrine. But it is merely an observation on the nature of reality. To say that nothing is true is to realise that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must be the shepherds of our own civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions and that we must live with their consequences, whether glorious or tragic.”
“FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.”
“Facts do not fall in the face of discomfort.”
“Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many, to be misconceived by folly in one, and ignorance in another, can hardly have much truth left.”
“Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.”
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”
“Failures fuel my drive to discovery.”
“Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.”
“Faith is an act of saying to God, “My knowledge and strength is limited, but I know that in You, there is more.”
“Faith is knowledge with certainty.”
“Faith is life and knowledge is death.”
“Faith is life, knowledge is death, and choosing the correct one is wisdom.”
“Faith is to believe and knowledge is accomplished through death.”
“Faith is to suspect something is there and knowledge is to encounter it.”
“Faith isn't knowledge, Rachel. Faith is a tool. Faith keeps us going until we get the knowledge. Faith keeps us striving until we reach the consequences of our most important decisions”
“Faith isn’t making believe but comes by hearing and hearing by God’s rhema.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place ”
“Faith, is​ knowing​ what​ reside​s​ in​ your​ heart. Religion, is knowing what resides outside of your control.”
“Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens,'said Gimli. 'Maybe,'said Elrond,'but let him not vow to walk in the dark, who has not seen the nightfall.”
“Fame is a dangerous addictive drug . People lose their character, morals, principles, mind , manners, sanity just to have it.”
“Fame is a vapor, popularity is an accident, riches take wings, those who cheer today may curse tomorrow and only one thing endures - character.”
“Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.”
“Farms and food production should be, I submit, at least as important as who pierced their navel in Hollywood this week. Please tell me I'm not the only one who believes this. Please. As a culture, we think we're well educated, but I'm not sure that what we've learned necessarily helps us survive.”
“Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.”
“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
“Fatherhood to us was an act of passion, soon forgot; but not to Orem ap Avonap. Never guessing that the blond and happy farmer was no blood of his, Orem had taken a part of that simple man into himself and saved it for this time. At any time in the Palace he might run by, Youth on this shoulders or, as time went by, toddling along behind.”
“Fear can’t be reasoned with. Neither can hate. They’re like love. They’re almost identical emotions. That’s why Ares and Aphrodite like each other. Their twin sons – Fear and Panic – were spawned from both war and love.”
“Fear grew in places unlit by knowledge.”
“Fear grew in places unlit by knowledge”
“Fear is a deeper dimension of worry. Worry can cause ulcers. Fear on the other hand can even destroy life.Fear is a form of energy inside us. That is why it cannot be destroyed. Energy can neither be created nor destroyed; it can only be changed from one form to another.”
“Fear is a state of nervousness only fit for children”
“Fear of God is a beginning of knowledge. The fear lessened on a higher knowledge. Walk with God is on the top of knowledge.”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“Fear of the right things, in the right proportion and at the right time can save your life, make you wealthy and protect your relationships.”
“Fear waits at the border of knowledge, where knowledge stops, fear takes over.”
“Fears which open doors for you are worth experiencing.”
“Featherweight by Suzy Kassem One evening, I sat by the ocean and questioned the moon about my destiny. I revealed to it that I was beginning to feel smaller compared to others, Because the more secrets of the universe I would unlock, The smaller in size I became. I didn't understand why I wasn't feeling larger instead of smaller. I thought that seeking Truth was what was required of us all – To show us the way, not to make us feel lost, Up against the odds, In a devilish game partitioned by An invisible wall. Then the next morning, A bird appeared at my window, just as the sun began Spreading its yolk over the horizon. It remained perched for a long time, Gazing at me intently, to make sure I knew I wasn’t dreaming. Then its words gently echoed throughout my mind, Telling me: 'The world you are in – Is the true hell. The journey to Truth itself Is what quickens the heart to become lighter. The lighter the heart, the purer it is. The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes. And the heavier the heart, The more chained to this hell It will remain.' And just like that, it flew off towards the sun, Leaving behind a tiny feather. So I picked it up, And fastened it to a toothpick, To dip into ink And write my name.”
“Feed a child's curious mind with knowledge and wisdom. Thereon the result will be based on their own choice.”
“Feel not obliged to make good use of every ripe fruit on the vine.”
“Feeling guilt dims our light. Instead of dimming our light to make others feel more comfortable, we could just continue to shine and foster the rise of the vibrations of those around us. Being Happy and Feeling Good does not mean you have no compassion for the misery of those around you. It simply means you won’t dim your light to make them feel comfortable – instead, you’re going to help light the way. At first, your light may be a bit too bright for others and it may hurt their eyes, yet it’s far better to shine rather than to hide your light. When you hide your light for too long, it extinguishes and you slip right back into darkness…unable to find your way until someone ‘shiny’ comes along to light your way and help you to find the light you still possess within, your Soul’s Magnificence.”
“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
“Ferociousness means, powerfully standing with the truth even if the whole world outside and your whole world inside tries to delude you and denies the reality. The reality is: you are paramashiva.”
“Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.”
“Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social enviroment. Most people are incapable of forming such opinions." ( Essay to Leo Baeck , 1953)”
“Few things a doctor does are more important than relieving pain. . . pain is soul destroying. No patient should have to endure intense pain unnecessarily. The quality of mercy is essential to the practice of medicine; here, of all places, it should not be strained.”
“Fiction is healthy for the mind so long as you do not confuse them with facts.”
“Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.”
“Fighting An Effect While Nourishing And Cherishing The Cause In Your Heart Is One Sure Way Of Falling Flat On Your Face! Fight The Cause!!!”
“Fighting in the name of freedom has too high a price," Merlin sighed as he leaned into his mother's arms.”
“Filling brain is not easy as to fill belly.”
“Finally, remember there is no higher purpose in life than to know God. Once you achieve that knowledge, then life will be sweeter than anything you can ever imagine… All religions, One Praise but use different metaphors, so be accepting of the other’s interpretation of what God is like… The differences are superficial. The bottom line is Love.”
“Finally, we are getting to know about our education system that the educated people are running here and there with their degrees for jobs and employment while the dropouts are becoming self-employed by investing in self-education and doing what matters in their life and making money as early as a teen. The more you get deeper in understanding why your education has failed you the more it points out to the system or program which created for you to become ignorant and debtful.”
“Finding and knowing, rather than absorbing dictums, is what “deeper understanding” is. It is a conscious and direct perception of the unity of life, a removal of the mind’s internal barriers to direct understanding and knowledge, and “seeing” truth on another level.”
“Finish your journey and you will know.”
“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
“First thing, I felt so much of love and compassion when I decided to operate without any defence mechanism. When someone is absolutely feeling secure, he becomes the safest person to live around. He gives security to everyone because he understands the value of being secure!”
“First, anyone who seriously intends to become a philosopher must "once in his life" withdraw into himself and attempt, within himself, to overthrow and build anew all the sciences that, up to then, he has been accepting. Philosophy wisdom (sagesse) is the philosophizer's quite personal affair. It must arise as His wisdom, as his self-acquired knowledge tending toward universality, a knowledge for which he can answer from the beginning, and at each step, by virtue of his own absolute insights.”
“First, the avid student must be aware that when the world was young it knew only seven things: water, life and death, salt, night, birds and the length of an hour.”
“First, you can assume all the engineers are players. They obviously have technical knowledge they may throw on the table, otherwise why were they invited? The product-management person is also a player as she represents the sales folks in this meeting. Program managers in these meetings are pawns. They’ll make sure action items are recorded and that the meeting ends on time.”
“Fish for a man, he'll eat for a day, don't teach him to de-bone that fish, You may not have to worry about him tomorrow!”
“Fix the issue before it fixes you. Ignoring is not the solution.”
“Flame is not the only fire.” Her tone turned almost stern. “You have brought your folk another spark far greater than any flame. You have opened their eyes to the world, Aljan, shown them lands and peoples formerly beyond their ken. You have whistled them out of their cramped, closed, inward-facing ring and led them into my Dance, the Great Circle and Cycle encompassing all. <…> Nay, flame has not been the greatest of my gifts to you. Knowledge, Aljan, that even now remakes the world. Knowledge is the fire.”
“Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.”
“Florita Almada had nothing to say. When you know something, you know it, and when you don't, you'd better learn. And in the meantime, you should keep quiet, or at least speak only when what you say will advance the learning process.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“Fold me fast, O God-snake of Eden! ( Sing Eden Bower! ) What more prize than love to impel thee? Grip and lip my limbs as I tell thee!   Lo! sweet Snake, the travail and treasure,---”
“Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“Folly consists not in committing Folly, but in being incapable of concealing it. All men make mistakes, but the wise conceal the blunders they have made, while fools make them public. Reputation depends more on what is hidden than on what is seen. If you can’t be good, be careful.”
“Folly's idealism Idolizes constants situations fool's log”
“Foolish men always believe that a little knowledge will give them control over the world, but it is no more than a display of their vanity.”
“Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.”
“Fools despise understanding and sound knowledge, they are neither teachable nor coachable but proud to be ignorant and hate discretion. On the other hand the simple are both teachable and coachable, unfortunately they throw away caution, sound judgement and discernment as they believe in every word, story, or false promise imposed on them. That makes them gullible, easily manipulated, brainwashed, deceived or taken advantage of. Unlike the wise, though teachable and coachable but have their guards on to only learn and do what is right.”
“Fools or not, we’re all foolish and dumb to some degree.”
“Fools, their wisdom weak, are their own enemies as they go through life, doing evil that bears bitter fruit.”
“For America, only one method: given a certain number of fragments, notes and stories collected over a given time, there must be a solution which integrates them all, including the most banal, into a necessary whole, without adding or removing any: the very necessity which, beneath the surface, presided over their collection. Making the supposition that this is the only material and the best, because it is secretly ordered by the same thinking, and assuming that everything conceived as part of the same obsession has a meaning and that there must necessarily be a solution to the problem of reconstituting it. The work starts out from the certainty that everything is already there and it will be sufficient simply to find the key . Information can tell us everything. It has all the answers. But they are answers to questions we have not asked, and which doubtless don't even arise. In the same way as we need statesmen to spare us the abjection of exercising power, we need scholars to spare us the abjection of knowledge.”
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him will believeth in anything. - Hitchens 3:16”
“For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.”
“For a game, you don’t need a teacher.”
“For a moment David was tempted to think that perhaps there were no good people at all outside concentration camps, but then he reminded himself of the sailor and Angelo and the English people who might have been ignorant but were certainly not bad.”
“For a while the hobbits continued to talk and think of the past journey and of the perils that lay ahead; but such was the virtue of the land of Rivendell that soon all fear and anxiety was lifted from their minds. The future, good or ill, was not forgotten, but ceased to have any power over the present. Health and hope grew strong in them, and they were content with each good day as it came, taking pleasure in every meal, and in every word and song.”
“For approximately the first six months, I was somewhat uncomfortable talking with non-human intelligence. You question yourself; you question your sanity; you ask what it is I'm talking with? You don't share what you are doing. You are already known as being eccentric. While you don't care what people think, you tend not to go out of your way to make them laugh at you. So, you keep to yourself. You also stick close to the source. You watch, you OBSERVE, you evaluate. You are evaluating. Them, friend or foe? Me, sane or crazy?”
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.” — Audrey Hepburn”
“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”
“For everything you face in your life, take this one scale: ‘how can I be life positive in this moment, within me, outside me, with everyone involved.”
“For he was walking along the road one day when he saw a stone on the ground. It had written on it, "TURN ME OVER AND READ." So he picked it up and looked at the other side. And there was written, "WHY DO YOU SEEK MORE KNOWLEDGE WHEN YOU PAY NO HEED TO WHAT YOU KNOW ALREADY?”
“For if we're destroyed, the knowledge is dead We're nothing more than dust jackets for books so many pages to a person ”
“For it is a charming law of nature, which manifests itself in the heart of the most complex social organisms, that we live in perfect ignorance of those we love.”
“For knowing and refusing to know.”
“For love may reach God in this life, but knowledge may not.”
“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
“For me, it comes down to the fundamental question of who owns knowledge, who produces knowledge, who enables other people to produce knowledge. And that’s why it’s important that knowledge should not belong to one person or group, neither should the profits of that knowledge belong to one corporation, whether it’s The Washington Post or The New York Times, and the Amazons and Jeff Bezoses of the world. It’s absolutely important that all of us, whether we are brown or black, have the capacity to produce knowledge and own that knowledge.”
“For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.”
“For me, to decolonize knowledge production does not mean to dismiss or never engage with Western knowledge. Rather, as many decolonial thinkers have repeatedly pointed out, it means that the terms of engagement must change. It means that we should not only engage with Western knowledge, but also deeply engage with knowledge from all over the world. It means that we must not use Western knowledge as a compass to measure the value of other forms of knowledge produced around the world…[T]o decolonize knowledge production is to reject and dismantle the Western hegemony of knowledge production; the Western control on what counts and what does not count as knowledge.”
“For my own part, I tend to find the doctrinal books often more helpful in devotion than the devotional books, and I rather suspect that the same experience may await others. I believe that many who find that ‘nothing happens’ when they sit down, or kneel down, to a book of devotion, would find that the heart sings unbidden while they are working their way through a tough bit of theology with a pipe in their teeth and a pencil in their hand.”
“For once, engulf, not air, but hope. For once, breathe on, a firm belief!”
“For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
“For the future, I shall rely only upon those elements of my character which I have tested. Who would ever have said that I should find pleasure in shedding tears? That I should love the man who proves to me that I am nothing more than a fool?”
“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”
“For the newborn and wise, everything begins small.”
“For the senses wander, and when one lets the mind follow them, it carries wisdom away like a windblown ship on the waters.”
“For the unified mind in accord with the Way all self-centered striving ceases. Doubts and irresolutions vanish and life in true faith is possible. With a single stroke we are freed from bondage; nothing clings to us and we hold nothing. All is empty, clear, self-illuminating, with no exertion of the mind's power.”
“For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to correct what is wrong. – Bill W.”
“For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.”
“For this is Wisdom; to love, to live To take what fate, or the Gods may give. To ask no question, to make no prayer, To kiss the lips and caress the hair, Speed passion's ebb as you greet its flow To have, -to hold -and -in time, -let go!”
“For two centuries, Christians would be a persecuted minority. There was no worldly reward for being Christian. Being a follower of Christ took courage. The twelve apostles, and their first-century co-workers, suffered tribulation and sometimes death as they fulfilled the Great Commission Jesus had given them (Matt 28:19–20). They turned an iron empire upside down and changed our world forever.”
“For us lads of eighteen they ought to have been mediators and guides to the world of maturity, the world of work, of duty, of culture, of progress -- to the future.”
“For we have been socialized to respect fear more than our own needs for language and definition, and while we wait in silence for that final luxury of fearlessness, the weight of that silence will choke us.”
“For what are in reality the things we call ‘Wisdom,’ ‘Virtue,’ ‘Heroism,’ ‘sublime hours,’ and ‘great moments of life,’ but the moments when we have more or less issued forth from ourselves, and have been able to halt, be it only for an instant, on the step of one of the eternal gates whence we see that the faintest cry, the most colourless thought, and most nerveless gestures do not drop into nothingness; …”
“For with much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge the more grief.”
“For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..”
“For years, I acted as if I were all knowing but that only prevented me from obtaining knowledge. Since I thought I knew everything that mattered, I wasn’t willing to learn anything new. How ignorant I was! There are roughly 5,000 years of recorded human history. In those 5,000 years, roughly 129,864,880 books have been written. If I lived an average lifespan, I would have to read over 4,744 books a day and learn every human language. That does not include reading any of the roughly four million new books published each year. Yet, the sum of all human knowledge would still be nothing in comparison to that of the eternal God. If God is the eternal one who made and knows all things, those 5,000 years of books and knowledge are child’s play to Him, less than a speck in the span of eternity. His mind is never changing, it is constant, and He knows all things.”
“For you see, when us people who know run into each other that's an event. It almost never happens. Sometimes we meet each other and neither guesses that the other is one who knows. That's a bad thing. It's happened to me a lot of times. But you see there are so few of us.”
“For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”
“For, in life, it is in the darkest zones one finds the brightest beauty and the most luminous wisdom.”
“Foresight of phenomenon and power over them depend on knowledge of their sequences, and not upon any notion we may have formed respecting their origin or inmost nature.”
“Forever is a really long time, you know? What do you do with forever?" "The same thing you do when you don't have forever." He smiled wanly. "Live.”
“Forget about hypotheses; theory is always singular.”
“Forget the place you're trying to get to and see the beauty in right now ”
“Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!”
“Forgotten wisdom is the knowledge of failure.”
“Fortune is long-term happiness, nurtured with patience and knowledge.”
“Free access to data doesn’t turn into knowledge without effort”
“Free thinker walks on shortcuts among wisdoms.”
“Free will is the cutting edge of Creation, don’t you see? The word spontaneity derives from the Latin sponte, meaning ‘of one’s free will.’ Spontaneity is the impulse, the purest expression of freedom, and the impulse wants to do whatever it wants to do. But you are afraid of what others think, others who are just as afraid of what you think, and so you pussyfoot along the perimeter of the free-will zone, wilting like a wallflower.”
“Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else”
“Freedom flourishes upon the bedrock of ethics and integrity.”
“Friendship, as has been said, consists in a full commitment of the will to another person with a view to that person's good.”
“From Good Friday in AD 33 through the following Sabbath day, the apostles were whimpering, broken fugitives. After Resurrection Sunday, they were lions who revolutionized the world. What caused this astonishing change? After watching Jesus undeniably die, the apostles saw, touched, and ate with the risen Lord, not once, but many times for over forty days. The fact of the Resurrection demonstrated to them (and demonstrates to us) that Jesus is God; and if he is God, his teaching is true. Only the realization of that could have been worth more to the apostles than their lives.”
“From Plato with his Utopianism, confident in the power of man to change his state, and Aristotle with his insistence upon the supremacy of reason and proven fact, right down to the constructive effort and science of today we have seen the human mind feeling its way to creative freedom. And always the forces of instinctive conservatism, of privilege and dogmatic authority has resisted or prevented that advance.”
“From Zen meditation, ignorant scientists and atheists were born. The same people who claim to examine and experiment everything, came to believe that EVERYTHING started from NOTHING.”
“From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.”
“From the dawn of exact knowledge to the present day, observation, experiment, and speculation have gone hand in hand; and, whenever science has halted or strayed from the right path, it has been, either because its votaries have been content with mere unverified or unverifiable speculation (and this is the commonest case, because observation and experiment are hard work, while speculation is amusing); or it has been, because the accumulation of details of observation has for a time excluded speculation.”
“From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.”
“From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.”
“Funny thing about self, it loves to be enthroned with its own understanding that we often rename God because pride will always lean to its own knowledge instead of trusting God with all our hearts.”
“Ganga - Ganga is responsible for Upanishads. I tell you. The way She made that Ganges Valley rich. All the basic needs She provided. She supplied everything and fortunately, there was no war; no need for them to fight or defend. All the natural energies were supporting. All the needs are fulfilled and no need to fight for survival. That ambience, that space, created such an amazing possibility, such an amazing possibility. ‘Such an amazing possibility’, that’s a right word I’ll use. Such an amazing possibility for them to sit within themselves, with the Cosmos, with the universe, with the Nature. The existence has started singing about itself through them.”
“Generally in life, knowledge is acquired to be used. But school learning more often fits Freire 's apt metaphor: knowledge is treated like money, to be put away in a bank for the future.”
“Gently guide the tender vine else it become wild, tangled and impossible.”
“George is American, white, and from a wealthy, largely homogenous neighborhood of Long Island, New York. His accent is flat, his voice stable, he liked categories and frameworks. He liked order and linearity. Cause led to effect. Action led to reaction. When we argued, he often called my claims and conclusions groundless, illogical, and contradictory. That my ground was different-- was less constant, was wilder-- than his ground was not something he was willing or equipped to consider. He understood the world through analytic deduction. I leaned more heavily on a more corporeal form of knowing.”
“Getting advice from more experienced drivers, or other knowledgeable individuals, is good practice. Many drivers will be flattered that you chose to talk to them and will respect you for making the effort to improve.”
“Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do. ”
“Getting older is a blessing that some people fail to recognize and appreciate.”
“Getting older is not an intellectually demanding process.”
“Gifts become curses when they’re not given their due respect.”
“Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll buy a funny hat. Talk to a hungry man about fish, and you're a consultant.”
“Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice; Take each man's censure, but reserve thy judgment.”
“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
“Give love, take pride”
“Give me the facts and I will determine my own truths.”
“Give me the storm and tempest of thought and action, rather than the dead calm of ignorance and faith! Banish me from Eden when you will; but first let me eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge!”
“Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.”
“Giving is the only way of taking part”
“Giving sight to the blind with insight through the mind.”
“Giving you a ‘piece of my mind’ evidences the fact that I probably don’t have much ‘peace of mind.”
“Go on, my dear," urges the snake. "Take one. Hear it? 'Pluck me,' it's saying. That big, shiny red one. 'Pluck me, pluck me now and pluck me hard.' You know you want to." "But God," quotes Eve, putting out feelers for an agent provacateur , clever girl, "expressly forbids us to eat the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge." "Ah yessssss, God   But God gave us life, did He not? And God gave us desire, did He not? And God gave us taste, did He not? And who else but God made the damned apples in the first place? So what else is life for but to tassste the fruit we desire ?" Eve folds her arms schoolgirlishly. "God expressly forbade it. Adam said." The snake grins through his fangs, admiring Eve's playacting. "God is a nice enough chap in His way. I daresay He means well. But between you and The Tree of Knowledge, He is terribly insecure." "Insecure? He made the entire bloody universe! He's omnipotent." "Exactly! Almost neurotic, isn't it? All this worshiping, morning, noon, and night. It's 'Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise the Everlassssting Lord.' I don't call that omnipotent. I call it pathetic. Most independent authorities agree that God has never sufficiently credited the work of virtual particles in the creation of the universssse. He raises you and Adam on this diet of myths while all the really interesting information is locked up in these juicy apples. Seven days? Give me a break.”
“Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.”
“Go to any small village anywhere in the world, and see what they remember. Everything. It's all there -- passed on like a precious piece of information, some secret imparted from one who knew to one who yearns to know. Taken good care of.”
“Go to bed before you are too tired. Wake up truly, when you wake up!”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“God created sufferings so that joy might appear through its opposite. Things become manifest through opposites. Since God has no opposite, He remains hidden.”
“God doesn't expect us to be a walking encyclopedia of biblical knowledge. He wants us to know Him, to be in a relationship with Him. This means not only hearing but allowing our understanding of God to change the way we live. Like the wise builder who laid the foundation of his house on the rock, we learn to let our knowledge of God change us.”
“God doesn’t base His statements on assumptions. He bases His statements on the truth.”
“God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.”
“God grant   that he may learn to understand in time, that who so is minded to do as he himself wills will soon enough see the day when he will find he has done that which he had never willed.”
“God has gifted us with both the right and the privilege of accepting Him or rejecting Him. And the immensity of the distance that lays between the outcomes of those two choices is greater by far than any other choice that any human being will ever make.”
“God is the supreme uncreated light of which Wisdom is born, but there was never a time when God's Wisdom did not exist.”
“God isn't the son of Memory; He's the son of Immediate Experience. You can't worship a spirit in spirit, unless you do it now. Wallowing in the past may be good literature. As wisdom, it's hopeless. Time Regained is Paradise Lost, and Time Lost is Paradise Regained. Let the dead bury their dead. If you want to live at every moment as it presents itself, you've got to die to every other moment.”
“God judges men from the inside out; men judge men from the outside in. Perhaps to God, an extreme mental patient is doing quite well in going a month without murder, for he fought his chemical imbalance and succeeded; oppositely, perhaps the healthy, able and stable man who has never murdered in his life yet went a lifetime consciously, willingly never loving anyone but himself may then be subject to harsher judgment than the extreme mental patient. It might be so that God will stand for the weak and question the strong.”
“God knows everything we need to know, so let God be God and let it all go.”
“God oft gives us more than we deserve. I can do no less for others.”
“God teaches the soul by pains and obstacles, not by ideas.”
“God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.”
“God's will is often not done. We despoil rivers and lakes. We pollute land and air. We drive species into extinction. Given time we can do worse - or we can, by God's grace, do better. The late Reinhold Niebuhr (1892 - 1971), who was a wiser theologian than Senator Inhofe, urged us to pray for "the wisdom to distinguish between those things that can and those things that cannot be changed and for the courage to change those things that should be changed". Certainly the distinction between those things that can and those things that cannot be changed is an important part of the understanding scientists seek. What we all need is the courage to change those things that should be changed.”
“Godly knowledge leads to godliness.”
“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”
“Good customer care representatives will possess good knowledge to answer any questions without beating around the bush and delaying the issue for a few more days until they find somebody else to look into it.”
“Good if you've done things you aren't proud of. It means you have a conscience.”
“Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.”
“Good knowledge leads to good behaviour.”
“Good life is inspired by the knowledge of good.”
“Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways." ~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“Good morning," said the little prince. Good morning," said the merchant. This was a merchant who sold pills that had been invented to quench thirst. You need only swallow one pill a week, and you would feel no need for anything to drink. Why are you selling those?" asked the little prince. Because they save a tremendous amount of time," said the merchant. "Computations have been made by experts. With these pills, you save fifty-three minutes in every week." And what do I do with those fifty-three minutes?" Anything you like " As for me," said the little prince to himself, "if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water.”
“Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.”
“Google and Stack Overflow are great sources of opinions and information, but they’re no substitute for actual human experience.”
“Grandmother didn’t answer, not directly anyway, as most great masters do. They never say you can’t do this or no one can do that or that thing is impossible just because they couldn’t do it, or because they hadn’t found it yet. True masters answer differently. Wisely. Like her grandmother answered that day.”
“Grandpa found a sturdy branch and used it as a walking stick. "Always protect your feet. If your feet are fine, you are fine." The first knowledge pelt of the day. I found a branch of my own. It was handy to have a stick to feel out the path ahead.”
“Granny was an old-fashioned witch. She didn’t do good for people, she did right by them.”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“Great ideas emerges from useless fragments of thoughts.”
“Great knowledge can interfere with an expert’s ability to see what actually works. All these solutions are great for solving some problem, but none of them will solve all problems. It is better to look at the world in lots of different ways.”
“Great leaders are great listeners. Leadership is no shallow business, it's about acquisition of knowledge on the go, every moment.”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.”
“Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.”
“Great things happen to those who have tremendous belief in their little dreams.”
“Great works of literature from other places are not only censored by banning them, but even more so by silencing them, by refusing to translate them in the first place. Marginalization is the worst form of censorship and intellectual assassination. Likewise, choosing what gets translated into a certain language and what gets marginalized is a form of shaping and constructing the historical memory of a place according to whims of those who own the money and means of knowledge production.”
“Greatness always carries a weight.”
“Greatness is locked in the hearts of those who read books and do cherish knowledge and understanding”
“Grief is a cruel kind of education. You learn how ungentle mourning can be, how full of anger. You learn how glib condolences can feel. You learn how much grief is about language, the failure of language and the grasping for language”
“Grow in grace by the knowledge of God.”
“Grown people know that they do not always know the way of things, and even if they think they know, they do not know where and how they got the proof.”
“Growth comes from God, to those with surrendered, yielded hearts.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“Guarding knowledge is not a good way to understand. Understanding means to throw away your knowledge.”
“Guts are important. Your guts are what digest things. But it is your brains that tell you which things to swallow and which not to swallow.”
“Guys willing to hold your dick are a dime a dozen; save your hearts for the one who wants to hold your hand.”
“Habit is the intersection of knowledge (what to do), skill (how to do), and desire (want to do).”
“Habit rules the unreflecting herd.”
“Half of seeming clever is keeping your mouth shut at the right times.”
“Half of the time I don’t know what I’m doing. The other half I think I know what I’m doing (which means half of that time I don’t know what I’m doing either). And sadly, whatever bit of me actually knows what it’s doing is often plagued by the doubt that it actually does.”
“Happiness is a choice. If you are wise, you will always choose it first.”
“Happiness is an elusive state of mind not to be gained by clumsy pursuit.It is given to those who do not sue for it:to be unconcerned about a desired good is probably the only way to possess it.”
“Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”
“Happiness is heaven in human heart.”
“Happiness is never there to stay [ ] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.”
“Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.”
“Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.”
“Happiness is within you, and if you try to find it around you with external energy, you will keep on finding it till your last breath”
“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
“Happiness, therefore, does not lie in amusement; it would, indeed, be strange if the end were amusement, and one were to take trouble and suffer hardship all one's life in order to amuse oneself. For, in a word, everything that we choose we choose for the sake of something else, except happiness, which is an end. Now to exert oneself and work for the sake of amusement seems silly and utterly childish. But to amuse oneself in order that one may exert oneself, as Anacharsis puts it, seems right; for amusement is a sort of relaxation, and we need relaxation because we cannot work continuously. Relaxation, then, is not an end; for it is taken for the sake of activity.”
“Happy Shree Krishna Janmastami. Shree Krishna has 16 kalas and Ram has 12 Kalas, Ram hide 2 kalas because he killed Ravan. Buddha has 9 Kalas and Shreeom Surye Shiva has 25 Kalas. We all are one world human family even though we must tell the truth knowledge for the peaceful and better world. Name of the Kalas of Shreeom Surye Shiva 1. Kirpa – Compassion 2. Dhriti – Spiritual patience 3. Kshama – Forgiveness 4. Dandaneethi – Justice 5. Samatwa – Impartiality 6. Bhagamalini Dharma – Detachment, lordliness , righteousness , glory , beauty , omniscience. 7. Tapasya – Meditation and piritual powers 8. Jvalita – Invincibility possible 9. Samaah – Beneficience, bestower of all wealth in the world and nature. 10. Saundarjyamaya Aatma – Very beautiful soul 11. Kumaarii Sansaara – Best of miss world and Mr. world 12. Sangitajna – Best of singers 13. Neetibadi – Embodiment of honesty 14. Satyabadi – Truth itself 15. Sarvagnata – Perfect master of all intellengence. 16. Sarvaniyanta – Controller of all 17. Duhkhajihasa- Wish to avoid pain and sarrow as well as stress and axiety 18. Svasanvedana Gyaana- Understanding the noble knowledge 19. Gyaana and Achara- Knowledge and conduct 20. Nyaayyam Padani- Choosing the right and good words 21. Budhdhvaa Srishhtii - Knowing about the world 22. Guruha Samadhi- Best Guru who can lead in to the enlightenment 23. Guruha-deva-manussanam, Gurus of Devis and Devtas and existence of the world. 24. Siddhanta, Arambha-vada - The perfect for every existence, subject and object. 25. Bhaagadheya- the best fortune”
“Hardest of all, as one becomes older, is to accept that sapient remarks can be drawn from the most unwelcome or seemingly improbable sources, and that the apparently more trustworthy sources can lead one astray.”
“Hasta la vista, baby.”
“Haste is from the Devil.”
“Hate is  It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.”
“Haters, witches and wizards are always concern. They publicly act like they are concern or worried as if they really care. but what they are really doing is hating on another person and trying their best to destroy that persons life. They are very good in spreading misinformation and manipulating people.”
“Hats have power. Hats can change you into someone else.”
“Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects.”
“Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.”
“Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be born old and fragile but with all the wisdom you will need for life and to grow younger and more energetic as you progress through life and when you die you are like a child, carefree and happy? To start life wise and end it having used all the wisdom and knowledge for good.”
“Have you made a practical plan for your dreams yet?”
“Having an opinion on something is not wisdom. Everybody has opinions. Seeing something in its entirety is called wisdom.”
“Having books on your shelf does not make you knowledgeable.”
“Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.”
“Having knowledge but not applying it is like begging for unrealized potential.”
“Having the freedom to think and explore ideas undistracted breeds a love of knowledge and understanding.”
“He brooded on how close destruction always was to all creatures, animals as well as humans, and he realized that there is nothing we can predict or know for certain in this world except death.”
“He felt a little lost, after that experience. Lost as the girls on their knees. It was a never-ending story of young girls losing themselves, such that they were no longer humans with any souls or characters, but pretty girls with fat asses and nice tits.”
“He felt a spasm of excitement because he knew instinctively who it was, or at least knew who it was he wanted it to be, and once you know what it is you want to be true, instinct is a very useful device for enabling you to know that it is.”
“He had an answer to almost everything and he retired at an early age.”
“He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.”
“He has no need for faith who knows the uncreated, who has cut off rebirth, who has destroyed any opportunity for good or evil, and cast away all desire. He is indeed the ultimate man.”
“He hated when his own advice applied to himself.”
“He is beginning to master wisdom when he tries to learn how not to try.”
“He is infinite in His essence, His wisdom, His power and goodness. He is the first and chief verity, and truth itself in the abstract. But the human mind is finite in nature, the substance of which it is formed; and only in this view is it a partaker in infinity—because it apprehends infinite being and the Chief Truth, although it is incapable of comprehending them. David, therefore, in an exclamation of joyful self-congratulation, openly confesses that he was content with the possession of God alone, who by means of knowledge and love is possessed by His creatures. If you are acquainted with all other things any yet remain in a state of ignorance with regard to him alone, you are always wandering beyond the proper point, and your restless love of knowledge increases in the proportion in which knowledge itself is increased. The man who knows only God, and who is ignorant of all things else, remains in peace and tranquility, and . . . he congratulates himself greatly and triumphs.”
“He knows he will be born again, And start fresh anew.”
“He lived far from the gods, but in his mind he was at home with them.”
“He makes me feel stupid and it’s hard to sleep knowing so little about everything”
“He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.”
“He said after a little while, 'I see why you say that only men do evil, I think. Even sharks are innocent, they kill because they must.' 'That is why nothing can resist us. Only one thing in the worl can resist an evil-hearted man. And that is another man. In our shame is our glory. Only our spirit, which is capable of evil, is capable of overcoming it.”
“He still believed more people existed in the world who didn’t ask questions—and not because they didn’t know to ask them. No, they didn’t ask because they only wanted the answers they’d created in their minds.”
“He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.”
“He that reads and grows no wiser seldom suspects his own deficiency, but complains of hard words and obscure sentences, and asks why books are written which cannot be understood.”
“He was a careful and capable leader who had gained respect for the traditional knowledge of native people during his service.”
“He was born in a middle class family with struggles in life. He had adverse surroundings and many difficulties in his life. Some moments haunted him - he would remember a few things that did not happen in his life as he thought they would, and he would feel a deep pain of past regrets shatter his calmness. One day he realized that he desperately needed someone to whom he could share everything and someone who could guide him in life. He found me. And I became his Guru.”
“He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idea most in fashion only to vulgarize it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.”
“He was twenty. I remembered twenty. I'd known everything at twenty. It took me another year to realize I knew nothing. I was still hoping to learn something before I hit thirty, but I wasn't holding my breath.”
“He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.”
“He who asserts belief with absolute certainty knows nothing of faith and makes himself into a fool. He who is wise, upon realizing they have done this, recants and searches themselves for further enlightenment.”
“He who binds to himself a joy Does the winged life destroy; But he who kisses the joy as it flies Lives in eternity's sun rise.”
“He who cannot draw on three thousand years is living from hand to mouth.”
“He who dares not offend cannot be honest.”
“He who discovers true knowledge must be alarmed that the exposition of this treasure will inevitably end in the condemnation of the discoverer.”
“He who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it.”
“He who is certain he knows the ending of things when he is only beginning them is either extremely wise or extremely foolish; no matter which is true, he is certainly an unhappy man, for he has put a knife in the heart of wonder.”
“He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.”
“He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.”
“He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool; he who knows he is confused is not in the worst confusion. The man in the worst confusion will end his life without ever getting straightened out; the biggest fool will end his life without ever seeing the light. If three men are traveling along and one is confused, they will still get where they are going - because confusion is in the minority. But if two of them are confused, then they can walk until they are exhausted and never get anywhere - because confusion is in the majority.”
“He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.”
“He who learns a lot but applies a little stays little.”
“He who replies to words of doubt doth put the light of knowledge out.”
“He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.”
“He who thinks he knows it all, knows very little." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio”
“He'll have that scar forever." "Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?" "Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground.”
“He's acting as foolish as a kitten  but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.”
“Head knowledge is worthless, unless accompanied by submission of the will and right action.”
“Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.”
“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
“Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.”
“Heavenly bodies are nests of invisible birds.”
“Height is unlimited like knowledge Knowledge is limited only to those who choose it to be Be a source of knowledge Knowledge deepens your ignorance Ignorance surrounds us all All of us are treasured Treasured in the sight of God God Exist”
“Hell is truth known too late.”
“Hence the great irony: Hayek, one of the greatest champions of individual liberty and economic freedom the world has ever known, believed that knowledge was communal. Dewey, the champion of socialism and collectivism, believed that knowledge was individual. Hayek's is a philosophy that treats individuals as the best judges of their own self-interests, which in turn yield staggering communal cooperation. Dewey's was the philosophy of a giant, Monty Pythonesque crowd shouting on cue: "We're All Individuals!”
“Her reputation for reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic.”
“Her searches after knowledge were arbitrary and without context. It was as if she were shining a small flashlight of curiosity into the dark room of the world.”
“Here's the difference between knowledge and wisdom, if I told you to go grab a big bag of knowledge and bring it back to me you would find it will contain some truth and a lot of untruths. But if I told you to go grab me a big bag of wisdom and bring it back to me you would find that it's full of nothing but the truth. Knowledge does not require truth, but wisdom is always universally true. When you gain wisdom, you get a sense that you've truly only learned something that you already knew was true. This is why Knowledge is of the past, Wisdom is of the future. We find Tribal Existence when we Seek wisdom, not knowledge. Our collective wisdom is an antidote to a society gone mad, Rules often fail us, and incentives often backfire, But our collective wisdom can and will help rebuild our mad world.”
“Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all.”
“Herein lies the tragedy of the age: not that men are poor, — all men know something of poverty; not that men are wicked, — who is good? not that men are ignorant, — what is Truth? Nay, but that men know so little of men.”
“Here’s a little mote of wisdom: Not everyone who claims to be an expert, is indeed an expert. Please note: I have never claimed to be an expert on anything except perhaps making the perfect omelet, and if you don’t like spicy, you’d probably argue with me on that one, too. In fact, anyone claiming to be an expert on anything, in my opinion, should immediately be viewed with suspicion, or be able to produce a PhD Diploma on the subject he or she is professing to be expert in.”
“Here’s the nice thing about being over 60: You know enough to know you don’t know everything, however much you’ve learned.”
“Hide not your talents, they for use were made, What's a sundial in the shade?”
“Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”
“High above the noise and fear mongering of critics and cynics softly speaks your true self.”
“His generation was uncertain if God existed. Having had parents who were religious and breaking off from them, they had associated childhood apathy with religion. But larger than that, this generation was unsure why human life existed—and no matter what technology was invented, there was, in everyone, an incontestable hole. But the internet came, with its limitless span, and for the first time, something was vast enough to challenge that hole. To challenge God. The world needn’t question the universe when it was in the palm of their little hands.”
“His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even  knowledge, was foolproof.”
“His strength for your weakness! His wisdom for your folly! His drive for your drift! His grace for your greed! His love for your lust! His peace for your problems! His joy for your sorrow! His plenty for your poverty!”
“His theory stands, however, that a cure operates primarily through the dispensing healer’s understanding of the individual, as well as the nature of plants… And in the interstices where neither cure not hope can reach, there is laudanum. ”
“Histories make men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend.”
“History has taught us that those who acquire power corruptly, often don't want their power subverted by dissenting truth-tellers. Censorship is often the harbinger of truth. In the allegorical story of Genesis, Adam and Eve are prohibited from eating of the Tree of Knowledge. Amongst other things, one of the lessons that this story teaches us is that truth is often hidden by prohibition. If one wants to know the truth, one must discern which prohibitions ought to be violated so that the truth can be revealed.”
“History suggests that we had very little hope until the social institutions of science arose. Before science, there was no apparent cumulative progress in the accuracy of human belief systems. After science, everything changed.”
“Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.”
“Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.”
“Holding the ultimate truth powerfully inside you because it is the truth, and lived by you because it is the truth, not due to any utility, is ferociousness.”
“Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.”
“Hope believes that everything will turn out right in the end, but always with a touch of fear. Hope isn't knowledge. It isn't a certainty. Hope proves nothing – one must do. One must act to transform hope into certainty, which conquers the fear within it.”
“Hope humbly then; with trembling pinions soar; Wait the great teacher Death; and God adore. What future bliss, he gives not thee to know, But gives that hope to be thy blessing now.”
“How are you supposed to believe right’s right and wrong’s wrong if everyone around you says the opposite?”
“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.”
“How can someone be wise who isn’t even remotely happy?”
“How can we define NOTHING, or how can we prove that zero exists to a small child? Endless loop.”
“How can you be one of the stars of heaven, when the stars are innumerable? What star number do you have?”
“How can you trust in something you don’t really know?”
“How could I have been so ignorant? she thinks. So stupid, so unseeing, so given over to carelessness. But without such ignorance, such carelessness, how could we live? If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be as ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.”
“How could anyone love Him? What did you just tell me yourself about the world? Don't you see, everybody hates God now. It's not that God is dead in the twentieth century. It's that everybody hates Him! At least I think so.”
“How does a woman gain such wisdom in only twenty-nine years?” Gordon asked, escorting her across the lawns toward the mansion. “The same way a man does." “Which is?" Lady Keely cast him an ambiguous smile. “Either you are born with wisdom, my lord, or you make do without it ”
“How had this happened? Everyone in the world knew more than us, about everything, and this I hated then found hugely comforting.”
“How little common sense this man (Clay) displays…Oh, that mine enemy would write a book!  Silence would have been to him wisdom.”
“How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.”
“How many mistakes have we made, how many of our choices have led to unnecessary suffering, so that we could earn our wisdom?”
“How many of us are swept away by what I have come to call an 'active laziness'? It consists of cramming our lives with compulsive activity, so that there is no time at all to confront the real issues.”
“How many people know anything of either their lover’s true history or their desires? Truly know, I mean, not merely suspect.”
“How many people you bless is how you measure success”
“How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!”
“How quiet the writing, how noisy the printing.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato) The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?”
“How will you know the difficulties of being human, if you are always flying off to blue perfection? Where will you plant your grief seeds? Workers need ground to scrape and hoe, not the sky of unspecified desire.”
“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”
“Hubris. Blindness. Shame. These are the minions of darkness. Lesser agents to anger, fear and hate. But agents all the same. He has allowed them to enter his thoughts but has refused to face them. To face his greatest failure . But for a Jedi, failure is the greatest teacher . Forgiveness is the path to strength. Understanding is the path to peace. And in that peace… is the power to move mountains .”
“Human beings seem framed to pose problems for themselves that they cannot solve, pit themselves against the dark world of uncreated reality, and find that living with such unknowing is a source of astonishment and delight.”
“Human evolution is essentially the progression of information gathering (knowledge) and consciousness, or the advancement in wisdom. A wise person is willing to learn at all stages of life by using their cognitive abilities open-mindedly to examine contradictory beliefs, and rationally meld various schools of thought into a living philosophy, developing over time a logical and systematic method to maintain and evaluate oneself in order to assist a person not merely survive but thrive.”
“Human knowledge consists not only of libraries of parchment and ink - it is also comprised of the volumes of knowledge that are written on the human heart, chiselled on the human soul, and engraved on the human psyche. ”
“Human mind also has teeth and digestive system. Most people use just teeth. They react immediately to everything. They don't digest. Teeth can only chew things. To extract nutrients, you need to swallow and digest.”
“Human nature is all alike.”
“Human nature will not flourish, any more than a potato, if it be planted and replanted for too long a series of generations in the same worn-out soil.”
“Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn’t ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we’ll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times. Knowledge builds on the past and has its place. Wisdom is beyond time. It’s the direct perception of reality as it is. And in this direct seeing of what is lies the potential of transformation—a transformation that is not merely a redecoration of the past but a transformation of humanity that embodies the eternally new.”
“Humans are conscious because they have knowledge – via reason, logic, language and conceptualization – while animals are not because they lack reason, logic, language and conceptualization. Here we have an astounding difference. For rationalists, animals cannot be conscious. They can be sentient (have feelings, sensations and experiences), but without consciousness. For empiricists, animals can and indeed must be conscious because they have feelings, sensations and experiences. Rationalists distinguish between sentience and consciousness. Empiricists say they are the same thing. The differences between rationalists and empiricists appear everywhere, and basically create two competing worldviews, but which are often force-fitted together.”
“Humans are forever confused between love and lust. They think only animals are lustful. Actually only animals are capable of pure lust when they mate! Humans, with their rationalization, can neither be lustful nor loving. That is why they feel dissatisfied and unfulfilled.”
“Humans may crave absolute certainty; they may aspire to it; they may pretend, as partisans of certain religions do, to have attained it. But the history of science — by far the most successful claim to knowledge accessible to humans — teaches that the most we can hope for is successive improvement in our understanding, learning from our mistakes, an asymptotic approach to the Universe, but with the proviso that absolute certainty will always elude us.”
“Humans must be skeptics in order to find truth. Because there is always something that lies beneath…”
“Humans will never be in charge of this world, as long as dust and weeds do as they please.”
“Humility is a way of approaching ourselves, other people, and the world around us with a sense of enoughness—an unconditional worth and value—that opens us to the world as it is.”
“Humor can get in under the door while seriousness is still fumbling at the handle.”
“Hundreds of wise men cannot make the world a heaven, but one idiot is enough to turn it into a hell.”
“I AM IGNORANT of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward.”
“I Think It's Right We Look Beneath The Surface Because .People And Even Circumstances Are Not Always What They Appear To Be!!!”
“I abide by the laws of my own sanity”
“I admit that reason is a small and feeble flame, a flickering torch by stumblers carried in the star-less night, -- blown and flared by passion's storm, -- and yet, it is the only light. Extinguish that, and nought remains.”
“I almost think there is no wisdom comparable to that of exchanging what is called the realities of life for dreams”
“I also hold very strong personal convictions about censorship. I don't believe in forbidden knowledge.”
“I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”
“I always keep moving and absorb what is around me when I am seeking knowledge.”
“I am Strong and Beautiful In All Situations  I Don't Give Any Situation the Ability or the Power to Change My Strong and Beautiful Nature ”
“I am a living representation of my species - I am not owned by any one culture, but all cultures live through me - I am not owned by any one belief system, but all belief systems are part of me - I am not owned by any one school of thought, but all schools of thought are born in me. However, at the same time I must admit, I have more ignorance than knowledge - I have had more failures than successes - I have had more impediments than aids - but my sight has always been wider than my abilities permit - and that's the reason why I exist as a beacon of universalism on the face of earth.”
“I am a man who knows nothing, guesses sometimes, finds frequently and who's always amazed.”
“I am a student of life, and don't want to miss any experience. There's poetry in this sort of thing, you know--or perhaps you don't know, but it's all the same.”
“I am an atheist, out and out. It took me a long time to say it. I've been an atheist for years and years, but somehow I felt it was intellectually unrespectable to say one was an atheist, because it assumed knowledge that one didn't have. Somehow, it was better to say one was a humanist or an agnostic. I finally decided that I'm a creature of emotion as well as of reason. Emotionally, I am an atheist. I don't have the evidence to prove that God doesn't exist, but I so strongly suspect he doesn't that I don't want to waste my time.”
“I am blessed because I am filled with inner peace and joy, like a tree.”
“I am blind and limited. I would be a fool think myself wise. And so, not knowing what the universe means, I can only try to be responsible with the knowledge, the strength, and the time given to me. I must be true to my heart.”
“I am enough of a photographer to capture freely upon my imagination. Knowledge is limited. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Imagination encircles the universe.”
“I am expert in making the internet work for me.”
“I am in love with change, growth, and making vast transformations. Even when it feels daunting at first. I'd take that over stagnancy any day.”
“I am in the world to change the world”
“I am more afraid that this people have so much confidence in their leaders that they will not inquire for themselves of God whether they are led by him. I am fearful they settle down in a state of blind self security. Let every man and woman know, by the whispering of the Spirit of God to themselves, whether their leaders are walking in the path the Lord dictates, or not.”
“I am never smart enough to be smart enough.”
“I am no green child to believe what I am told without proof.”
“I am no wise man. Every day shows me how little I know about life, and how wrong I can be. But there are things I know to be true. I know I will die. And I know that the only sane response to such a horror is to love.”
“I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.”
“I am not a ‘wise man,’ nor . . . shall I ever be. And so require not from me that I should be equal to the best, but that I should be better than the wicked. It is enough for me if every day I reduce the number of my vices, and blame my mistakes.”
“I am not omniscient, but I know a lot.”
“I am not one who was born with great wisdom. I love the ancients and diligently seek wisdom among them.”
“I am not the river I am the net.”
“I am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise, Regardless of others, ever regardful of others, Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man, Stuffed with the stuff that is course, and stuffed with the stuff that is fine, one of the nation, of many nations, the smallest the same and the the largest”
“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation. Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”
“I am quite a wise old bird, but I am no desert hermit who can only prophesy when his guts are knotted with hunger. I am deep in the old man’s puzzle, trying to link the wisdom of the body with the wisdom of the spirit until the two are one.”
“I am so wise I had my mouth sewn shut.”
“I am teaching the internet everything I know.”
“I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.”
“I am too much of a skeptic to deny the possibility of anything.”
“I am well practiced in avoidance and indifference though the hollowness in my soul resents her absence; I wear the mask I must.”
“I am wise enough to know that I don’t wish to be the fool. And that in and of itself will help to keep me from being that very thing.”
“I ask not for any crown But that which all may win; Nor try to conquer any world Except the one within.”
“I believe having a great diversity of teachers is harmful and confusing for a young mind, in the same way I believe that it is better to know one book intimately than a hundred superficially”
“I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. It is, strictly speaking, a real factor in scientific research.”
“I believe it is the mark of a great leader to question the decisions that came before him.”
“I believe it is worth writing to remind ourselves of what we can’t know. To remind ourselves that certainty is dangerous. That factual knowledge of the world casts only a small light. Fiction is necessary because it seems to me that only fiction can accommodate the total strangeness that is life. To remind us that truth is actually impossible.”
“I believe life is constantly testing us for our level of commitment, and life's greatest rewards are reserved for those who demonstrate a never-ending commitment to act until they achieve. This level of resolve can move mountains, but it must be constant and consistent. As simplistic as this may sound, it is still the common denominator separating those who live their dreams from those who live in regret.”
“I believe much trouble and blood would be saved if we opened our hearts more.”
“I believe that artificial intelligence is quite possible precisely because our human intelligence is artificial. What is natural is stupidity. When we try not to be stupid, we become more and more artificial because we acquire some practices, agencies, and some knowledge, some algorithm, more than knowledge, more than the storage of some facts. In that sense, reason is mechanical. What is not mechanical, what is really deep in us, is something that transcends this level of mechanical choice that is completely based on pre-established protocols.”
“I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies . . . If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation, then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conqured . . . The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people, to whom it properly belongs.”
“I believe that in spite of the hazards involved, I am called upon to search for the truth and state my findings. This sentence, summarizing my fiduciary programme, conveys an ultimate belief which I find myself holding. Its assertion must therefore prove consistent with its content by practising what it authorizes. This is indeed true. For in uttering this sentence I both say that I must commit myself by thought and speech, and do so at the same time. Any enquiry into our ultimate beliefs can be consistent only if it presupposes its own conclusions. It must be intentionally circular.”
“I believe that maturity is not an outgrowing, but a growing up: that an adult is not a dead child, but a child who survived. I believe that all the best faculties of a mature human being exist in the child. . . . that one of the most deeply human, and humane, of these faculties is the power of imagination.”
“I believe that our need for mentors reflects much about our vulnerability and wish for a superior or supreme being. Many people, including myself, not only cherish our mentors but often credit them with more than they deserve.”
“I believe that this is the time to become warriors for peace and dialogue, not warmongers or mere worriers.”
“I believe that we do not know anything for certain, but everything probably.”
“I believe that what we become depends on what our fathers teach us at odd moments, when they aren't trying to teach us. We are formed by little scraps of wisdom.”
“I believed in the faith of faith without acknowledging his quality of being an absolute truth.”
“I belong in a family of words.”
“I call that man awake who, with conscious knowledge and understanding, can perceive the deep unreasoning powers in his soul, his whole innermost strength, desire and weakness, and knows how to reckon with himself.”
“I came to realize that my path to knowledge would not lead me to libraries, professors, universities, and studies. My path to knowledge was through living life and experiencing reality. I could learn plenty secondhand, but nothing was ever to surpass the experiences I had in the wilderness. All my knowledge of social, scentific, and religious issues has been acquired through personal experience.”
“I came to set fire to the earth. And I am watchful that the fire grow. May the fire of love grow in our hearts. May the fire of transformation glow in our movements. May the fire of purification burn away our sins. May the fire of justice guide our steps. May the fire of wisdom illuminate our paths. May the fire that spreads over the Earth never be extinguished.”
“I can always tell an intelligent man is attracted to me in the ways that he attempts to dominate over me with his intellect. I can always spot a wiser man when he doesn't.”
“I can always tell an intelligent man is attracted to me in the ways that he attempts to dominate over me with his intelligect.  I can always spot a wiser man when he doesn't.”
“I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.”
“I can tell you truths. I cannot give you understanding. For how can one give what one does not possess? I have always told the truth.”
“I can't give you the moon,” the tinker said. “She doesn't belong to me. She belongs only to herself.”
“I can't protect you from knowledge.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think”
“I can’t lie to you and tell you that standing in front of someone and offering them your soul and having them reject you is not gonna be one of the worst things that ever happens to you. You will wonder for days or weeks or months or years afterward what it is about you that was so wrong or broken or ugly that they couldn’t love you the way you loved them. You will look for all the reasons inside yourself that they didn’t want you and you will find a million. Maybe it was the way you looked in the mornings when you first woke up and hadn’t showered. Maybe it was the way you were too available, because despite what everyone says, playing hard to get is still attractive. Some days you will believe that every atom of your being is defective somehow. What you need to remember, as I remembered as I watched Grace Town leave, is that you are extraordinary.”
“I consider myself a green party supporter because green represents my favorite color other than clear. And I met a guy who was running for the green party this one time, and he seemed like he had a great head on his shoulders for a homeless guy.”
“I could feel the gravitational pull of home, which when I'm home too long becomes the gravitational pull of somewhere else.”
“I create content to educate and empower people to do things they didn't know they were capable of doing before they started this adventure!”
“I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.”
“I decided I"m going to live-or at least try to live- the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humor, with composure.”
“I define wisdom as the assimilated knowledge that the self, others and the world are connected. Wisdom is humanistic and responds in a way that promotes well-being and realises wholeness.”
“I definitely learned a lesson this time. I know that I can be broken. I am not as tough as I thought. I see it now. At this point, it's the only thing good that came out of all of this. I know myself better now and know what I have to do.”
“I desire to know. Even if that knowledge is founded on the destruction of my own creation. Create. Destroy. Become.”
“I did not know that mankind were suffering for want of gold. I have seen a little of it. I know that it is very malleable, but not so malleable as wit. A grain of gold will gild a great surface, but not so much as a grain of wisdom.”
“I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.”
“I didn't cheat I was smart”
“I didn't set out to discover a truth. I was actually sent to the Outer Fringes to conduct a chair census and learn some humility. But the truth inevitably found me, as important truths often do, like a lost thought in need of a mind.”
“I do believe in simplicity. It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit. When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms. So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real. Probe the earth to see where your main roots run. ”
“I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure — that is all that agnosticism means.”
“I do not even agree with classifying writing as 'classic' or 'contemporary'. Great writing is contemporary regardless of when it was written. It is always timely. It communicates with readers across time and space. A great piece of writing is contemporary whether written yesterday or ten centuries ago.”
“I do not expect old heads on young shoulders.”
“I do not expect riches from words of truth, only wisdom.”
“I do not know everything; still many things I understand.”
“I do not pretend to be able to prove that there is no God. I equally cannot prove that Satan is a fiction. The Christian god may exist; so may the gods of Olympus, or of ancient Egypt, or of Babylon. But no one of these hypotheses is more probable than any other: they lie outside the region of even probable knowledge, and therefore there is no reason to consider any of them.”
“I do not think it is a fair picture of human life. I do not think so because, by definition, a human being is endowed with free will. He can use this to choose between good and evil. If he can only perform good or only evil, then he is a clockwork orange--meaning that he has the appearance of an organism lovely with colour and juice but is in fact only a clockwork toy to be wound up by God or the Devil or (since this is increasingly replacing both) the Almighty State. It is as inhuman to be totally good as it is to be totally evil. The important thing is moral choice. Evil has to exist along with good, in order that moral choice may operate. Life is sustained by the grinding opposition of moral entities. This is what the television news is all about. Unfortunately there is so much original sin in us all that we find evil rather attractive. To devastate is easier and more spectacular than to create. We like to have the pants scared off us by visions of cosmic destruction. To sit down in a dull room and compose the Missa Solemnis or The Anatomy of Melancholy does not make headlines or news flashes.”
“I do, I am”
“I don't believe in worrying. It's a waste of energy.”
“I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain.”
“I don't have to agree with everything someone says, but everyone has something I could assimilate to make my own insight stronger and clearer.”
“I don't know a lot of things, but the one thing I do know is that I don't know a lot of things.”
“I don't know everything, but I'm working on it.”
“I don't know if I love him. I'm not sure what love is, or if I'm qualified to make that proclamation.”
“I don't know much more than I did when I was alive. Most of the stuff I know now that I didn't know then I can't put into words.”
“I don't know what to say to fill the silence. I don't know how to fix this. It seems wrong to leave him, but I have to. There's no compromise, no alternative. Things just weren't meant to be, which seems like a pansy-ass thing to say, until it happens to you.”
“I don't laugh very much," he said, realizing the truth of the statement as he made it, this sudden bit of knowledge disturbing him.”
“I don't like good habits. They strike me as being so easily broken.”
“I don't pretend to know everything; I just only speak on matters I know I'll win.”
“I don't think I care very much about being rich, Jennie. I just want to paint--and to know what I'm painting. That's what's so hard--to know what you're painting; to reach to something beyond these little, bitter times ”
“I don't trust men everybody likes. Being nice isn't the same as being good.”
“I don't understand a thing about this world: about people, and why they do the things they do. The more I find out, the more I uncover, the more I know, the less I understand.”
“I don't write about what I know: I write in order to find out what I know.”
“I don’t think it would have all got me quite so down if just once in a while—just once in a while—there was at least some polite little perfunctory implication that knowledge should lead to wisdom, and that if it doesn't, it's just a disgusting waste of time! But there never is! You never even hear any hints dropped on a campus that wisdom is supposed to be the goal of knowledge. You hardly ever even hear the word 'wisdom' mentioned!”
“I don’t think man was meant to attain happiness so easily. Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.”
“I don’t think that I want to sail in a ship built by someone who has no idea of what water is. Yet, our culture is deluged with just such shipbuilders.”
“I don’t trust the answers or the people who give me the answers. I believe in dirt and bone and flowers and fresh pasta and salsa cruda and red wine. I don’t believe in white wine; I insist on color.”
“I don’t worry about finding myself. I worry about not getting lost.”
“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
“I examined the poets, and I look on them as people whose talent overawes both themselves and others, people who present themselves as wise men and are taken as such, when they are nothing of the sort. From poets, I moved to artists. No one was more ignorant about the arts than I; no one was more convinced that artists possessed really beautiful secrets. However, I noticed that their condition was no better than that of the poets and that both of them have the same misconceptions. Because the most skillful among them excel in their specialty, they look upon themselves as the wisest of men. In my eyes, this presumption completely tarnished their knowledge. As a result, putting myself in the place of the oracle and asking myself what I would prefer to be — what I was or what they were, to know what they have learned or to know that I know nothing — I replied to myself and to the god: I wish to remain who I am. We do not know — neither the sophists, nor the orators, nor the artists, nor I— what the True, the Good, and the Beautiful are. But there is this difference between us: although these people know nothing, they all believe they know something; whereas, I, if I know nothing, at least have no doubts about it. As a result, all this superiority in wisdom which the oracle has attributed to me reduces itself to the single point that I am strongly convinced that I am ignorant of what I do not know.”
“I expect to pass through this world but once. Any good things, therefore, that I can do, any good kindness that I can show a fellow being, let me do it now. Let me not defer or neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again”
“I fail to remember ever having made an effort — no trace of struggle is detectable in my life, I am the opposite of a heroic nature. To “want” something, to “strive” for something, to have an “end,” a “desire” in mind — I know none of this from my experience. Even at this moment I look out upon my future — a broad future! — as upon a smooth sea: no desire ripples upon it. Not in the least do I want anything to be different from what it is; I myself do not want to be any different   But thus I have always lived.”
“I fear women who will do and say anything for attention and money. Who will hate you for calling them out. Who have plausible deniability. Who want to be correct all the time. Who never take any accountability. Who don't take no for an answer. Who always want their way. Those ones are dangerous and are capable of doing unspeakable shocking things.”
“I feared my own kind more than anything the natural world could ever threaten me with.”
“I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.”
“I feel with some passion that what we truly are is private, and almost infinitely complex, and ambiguous, and both external and internal, and double- or triple- or multiply natured, and largely mysterious even to ourselves; and furthermore that what we are is only part of us, because identity, unlike "identity", must include what we do. And I think that to find oneself and every aspect of this complexity reduced in the public mind to one property that apparently subsumes all the rest ("gay", "black", "Muslim", whatever) is to be the victim of a piece of extraordinary intellectual vulgarity.”
“I felt knowledge and the unity of the world circulate in me like my own blood.”
“I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?”
“I found it hard to have faith in anything without knowledge of it.”
“I go where the research takes me.”
“I guess research isn’t for everyone.” “Certainly not for the faint of heart or the unfaithful.”
“I guess, if you ever had God figured out the universe would be split in thousands of pieces and it would disappear and we who have dreamed ourselves alive would all fade away in all those splintered parts. What I mean to say is, it isn't meant for us to know anything.”
“I had archives of everything that had happened since I hacked my governor module, but I hadn’t had as much relevant experience in that time. But what I did have were thousands of hours of category mystery media, so I had a lot of theoretical knowledge that was possibly anywhere from 60 to 70 percent inaccurate shit.”
“I had felt the shot coming; I hadn’t realized the bow was loaded with this very quarrel, perfectly calibrated to hit him hardest. What part of me had been studying him, stockpiling knowledge as ammunition?”
“I had given up some youth for knowledge, but my gain was more valuable than the loss”
“I had seen an adept at the Low School fly. Actually fly. There were maybe a hundred of them in the world. Or maybe only twenty. Whoever knew wasn’t saying.”
“I had seen lot of good talent gone to waste because of ego, character and attitude of those talented individuals.”
“I had to deny knowledge in order to make room for faith.”
“I had to follow the ineradicable foolishness which furnishes the steps to true wisdom.”
“I hate to tell you, honey, but this won't snag you a striped bass." I take my change, grab the binoc strap, and stuff the squishy pink lure into the pocket of my jeans. "Oh, I know. This is for something else. I wouldn't use anything but a topwater plug for catchin' stripers." I'm not even sure how I know this. There's a change in the shopkeeper's face. R-E-S-P-E-C-T. Worth the $2.75 I've just spent on this silly lure.”
“I hate wise men because they are lazy, cowardly, and prudent. To the philosophers' equanimity, which makes them indifferent to both pleasure and pain, I prefer devouring passions. The sage knows neither the tragedy of passion, nor the fear of death, nor risk and enthusiasm, nor barbaric, grotesque, or sublime heroism. He talks in proverbs and gives advice. He does not live, feel, desire, wait for anything. He levels down all the incongruities of life and then suffers the consequences. So much more complex is the man who suffers from limitless anxiety. The wise man's life is empty and sterile, for it is free from contradiction and despair. An existence full of irreconcilable contradictions is so much richer and creative. The wise man's resignation springs from inner void, not inner fire. I would rather die of fire than of void.”
“I have a friend who's an artist and has sometimes taken a view which I don't agree with very well. He'll hold up a flower and say "look how beautiful it is," and I'll agree. Then he says "I as an artist can see how beautiful this is but you as a scientist take this all apart and it becomes a dull thing," and I think that he's kind of nutty. First of all, the beauty that he sees is available to other people and to me too, I believe. Although I may not be quite as refined aesthetically as he is   I can appreciate the beauty of a flower. At the same time, I see much more about the flower than he sees. I could imagine the cells in there, the complicated actions inside, which also have a beauty. I mean it's not just beauty at this dimension, at one centimeter; there's also beauty at smaller dimensions, the inner structure, also the processes. The fact that the colors in the flower evolved in order to attract insects to pollinate it is interesting; it means that insects can see the color. It adds a question: does this aesthetic sense also exist in the lower forms? Why is it aesthetic? All kinds of interesting questions which the science knowledge only adds to the excitement, the mystery and the awe of a flower. It only adds. I don't understand how it subtracts.”
“I have always considered David Hume as approaching as nearly the idea of a perfectly wise and virtuous man as perhaps the nature of human frailty will allow.”
“I have always felt that doubt was the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of God was the end of wisdom.”
“I have always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions.”
“I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me.”
“I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.”
“I have but one passion ; it swallows up every other ; it dwells with my darling books, and is fed by the treasures of beauty and wisdom which they contain.”
“I have come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason, I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.”
“I have found none to follow in my way. None but thee. And thou must go thy way, not mine. Yet will thy kingship be, in part, my own. For I knew thee first. I knew thee first! They will praise me more for that in after-days than for anything I did of magery If there will be after-days. For first we two must stand upon the balance point, the very fulcrum of the world. And if I fall, you fall, and all the rest .For a while, for a while. No darkness lasts forever.”
“I have learned that the point of life's walk is not where or how far I move my feet but how I am moved in my heart. If I walk far but am angry toward others as I journey, I walk nowhere. If I conquer mountains but hold grudges against others as I climb, I conquer nothing. If I see much but regard others as enemies, I see no one.”
“I have learned that the point of life's walk is not where or how far I move my feet but how I am moved in my heart.”
“I have learnt to abide by the laws of my own sanity.”
“I have learnt to abide by the laws of my own sanity”
“I have lived a hundred lifetimes and known a thousand men. You're man enough to speak your mind, but too cowardly to claim me.”
“I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.”
“I have made thousands of people achieve liberation, enlightenment itself, just by breaking this one pattern - obsessive compulsive reactionary pattern. Same way, I have made millions walk out of their diseases including cancer, just by giving bhasma - sacred ash - and helping them walk out of this obsessive compulsive reactionary pattern.”
“I have more wisdom than any books ever written in history of times, any scripture ever written which you rhyme but this is not my purpose.”
“I have read countless books on resilience, hanging on to the utterings of people who chose to undertake seemingly impossible physical feats, run through the elements for days or propel their bodies through grueling fitness obstacles. But what happens when there is no choice?”
“I have said: "Blow out the lamp! Day is here!" And you keep saying: "Give me a lamp so I can find the day.”
“I have seen how people create delusions, suffocation, suffering, torture themselves and others, with this obsessive compulsive reactionary pattern. If you break from this pattern, you will start living in anandamaya kosha.”
“I have sent books and music there, and all / Those instruments with which high spirits call / The future from its cradle, and the past / Out of its grave, and make the present last / In thoughts and joys which sleep, but cannot die, / Folded within their own eternity.”
“I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.”
“I have suffered great losses and have been blessed with great consolations, but whatever life may give me or take away, this is the simple wisdom that will always light my life: I have loved, passionately, fearlessly, with all my heart and all my soul, and I have been loved in return. For me, this is enough.”
“I have taken many people up to the very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea to visit the W. M. Keck Observatory. It is not something I would do today due to my extensive knowledge of High Altitude Diseases.”
“I have tried approaching my companies about a pay rise a few times. Two of them said no, the other gave me a significant raise. I left the two that said no for better paying jobs. The best pay rise always comes from a new job offer. It can be tens of thousands more!”
“I have tried to teach you the wonders of the spiritual world   I have tried to show how we mortals can attain such wisdom   and I've decided you're a pillock. [click on the thumbnail, art by Andrew Christine ]”
“I hope you don’t accept anything less than what you deserve. Run away from average love. Run like all hell. You deserve someone who will make your blood stir. You deserve to be deliriously happy. It’s okay to be patient. It’s okay to wait for that. You’re waiting for the best and that’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
“I just hope most artists will realise it is not just talent only that makes you succeed. There is a lot. Planning, structuring, hard work, commitment, dedication, training, perseverance, and most importantly working well with others.”
“I knew you could destroy me like no one ever had. And I knew I'd let you.”
“I know all that is possible to know, and it is increasingly unbearable. Because I know next to nothing”
“I know and share the many sorrows a human being can experience, but I do not cling to them; they pass through me, like life itself, as a broad eternal stream and life continues ”
“I know certain truths about life.”
“I know everything, you see,' the old voice wheedled. 'The beginning, the present, the end. Everything. You now, you see the past and the present, like other low creatures: no higher faculties than memory and perception. But dragons, my boy, have a whole different kind of mind.' He stretched his mouth in a kind of smile, no trace of pleasure in it. 'We are from the mountaintop: all time, all space. We see in one instant the passionate vision and the blowout.”
“I know everything, you see,' the old voice wheedled. 'The beginning, the present, the end. Everything. You now, you see the past and the present, like other low creatures: no higher faculties than memory and perception.”
“I know how you feel," I said. "You run into something you totally don't get, and it's scary as hell. But once you learn something about it, it gets easier to handle. Knowledge counters fear. It always has.”
“I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.”
“I know that I hung on the windy tree Nine full nights, Pierced by a spear offered to Odin Myself to myself of which none knows Upon that tree Where its roots run ”
“I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS?”
“I know too much and not enough.”
“I know what to do with the dark.”
“I learned from Jurassic Park that just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should.”
“I learned since then, and paid a price to learn, it that them as laid claim to great wisdom most often got nothing in their store but bare scrapings. And by the same token, them as think they're ignorant think it because they can see the edges of what they know, which you can only see when what you know is tall enough to stand on, and take a look around.”
“I learned with time that happiness is really important, and we must cherish those who make us smile. They rekindle our emotions and make us alive.”
“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
“I lied and said I was busy. I was busy; but not in a way most people understand. I was busy taking deeper breaths. I was busy silencing irrational thoughts. I was busy calming a racing heart. I was busy telling myself I am okay. Sometimes, this is my busy - and I will not apologize for it.”
“I like places like this," he announced. I like old places too," Josh said, "but what's to like about a place like this?" The king spread his arms wide. "What do you see?" Josh made a face. "Junk. Rusted tractor, broken plow, old bike." Ahh but I see a tractor that was once used to till these fields. I see the plow it once pulled. I see a bicycle carefully placed out of harm's way under a table." Josh slowly turned again, looking at the items once more. And i see these things and I wonder at the life of the person who carefully stored the precious tractor and plow in the barn out of the weather, and placed their bike under a homemade table." Why do you wonder?" Josh asked. "Why is it even important?" Because someone has to remember," Gilgamesh snapped, suddenly irritated. "Some one has to remember the human who rode the bike and drove the tractor, the person who tilled the fields, who was born and lived and died, who loved and laughed and cried, the person who shivered in the cold and sweated in the sun." He walked around the barn again, touching each item, until his palm were red with rust." It is only when no one remembers, that you are truely lost. That is the true death.”
“I listen with attention to the judgment of all men; but so far as I can remember, I have followed none but my own.”
“I look back now and realize that the gift of a true friend is that she sees you not the way you see yourself or the way others see you. A true friend sees you for who you are and who you can become.”
“I love my old paintings as postulates as fresh starting points but I have to destroy them. I have to make a new manifesto.”
“I love that our sudden access to the entire history of human knowledge has afforded us the information we need to self-diagnose our heretofore ignored mental health; among so many other things hidden from us. We also see history laid bare before us, sans embellishing by the brutal and subhuman “victors” of bloody invasions that wrongly usurped land and resources that would have been voluntarily shared, had they any sort of backbone or ounce of morality at ALL. Now we suffer and toil on said stolen land at useless busy work, slave labor jobs that only exist to build wealth for shareholders and further poison the land they claim as their own while draining the remaining “good years” from us like opening a vein. Reject the system, and escape the grid, the more of us that exit the machine the faster it rusts and grinds to its inevitable halt… and the earth and all its inhabitants can finally heal.”
“I love the place; the magnificent books; I require books as I require air.”
“I love you , Valentine’ is actually a popular phrase used in greeting cards.” If you were sending me one, what would it say?” he asks. I love you, too, Roman.” And there it is, words that I dread to say and do mean, because with them comes the responsibility of owning it, moving forward together and deciding for real who we are to each other. Now we’re not just lovers discovering what we like and sharing what we know. In this mutual declaration, we’re accountable to each other. We’re in love, and now, our relationship has to build slowly and beautifully in order to hold all the joy and misery that lies ahead.”
“I may be a little slow, but I'm learning at the speed of light. Or at least I think I am. I can't actually see the light, I just assume it's there.”
“I may not be the smartest person in the room, but I'm the one asking all the questions. And that's half the battle, right?”
“I may not know everything, but I'm working on it.”
“I mean, reality sucks. The world is a cancer, and shits so bad it’s scary. Everything’s filthy. But you know what? One day, it’s not going to be here. So be glad you know what life is. You’re alive. Live.”
“I mean, you could claim that anything's real if the only basis for believing in it is that nobody's proved it doesn't exist!”
“I must not, like the quietists, reduce all religion to a denial of any specific action, despising all other means, since what makes perfection is God's order, and the means he ordains is best for the soul.”
“I myself have always found that if I examine something, it's less scary. I grew up in the West, and we always had this theory that if you saw - if you kept the snake in you eye line, the snake wasn't going to bite you. And that's kind of way I feel about confronting pain. I want to know where it is.”
“I myself use the power of rejuvenation and destruction and liberate all of you. So never be afraid of my rejuvenation and destruction power. Start celebrating, cherishing, enjoying even my destruction and rejuvenation power.”
“I neither understood nor realized, how and where, one can acquire the wisdom; in a school, in a specific institution as since such quality, one holds from God gifted, birth nature, not from the lifelong time experience, which is a knowledge, not wisdom. However, one can polish it, with the knowledge which time indoctrinates.”
“I observe and remain silent.”
“I only know everything if you ask the right questions.”
“I only know that I know nothing”
“I pity those who are ignorant, but I have no mercy for those who are just plain stupid. There's a difference between the two: one's actually lacking awareness of knowledge, and one's just too dumb to actually interpret it and use it.”
“I pity those who are ignorant, but I have no mercy for those who are just plain stupid”
“I pray that I am never so foolishly naive or roguishly pompous to think that I can be the captain of my own ship, for if God is not at the helm my ship will soon be at the bottom.”
“I prefer researching children.”
“I quickly realized that blood was a key element in all of them. Extra blood flow both strengthens and relaxes the body. With this knowledge, came the understanding of how easy it is to get a muscle to release once new blood flows into it. The new blood is able to wash and flush the tension from the muscles. Tension has both a physical and mental component that extra blood flow helps to balance out.”
“I receive Thee ransom of my soul. For love of Thee have I studied and kept vigil toiled preached and taught…”
“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans. By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”
“I remember a study that was done in the seventies (a study I've been trying to find unsuccessfully since the advent of the internet). It was a study of psychologists and psychiatrists, not of patients. They filled out three questionnaires, true or false questions. One was for the traits of a healthy man, next was for traits of a healthy woman, the third for traits of a healthy human being. The traits of a healthy man and human were the same, but a healthy woman was very different. Completely different. You know--softer, sweeter, more empathetic, less self-centered, less ambitious, more dependent. And these were the people who were treating people who were trying to live healthy lives.”
“I remember growing up, saying you’re an artist it sounds pretentious but now it’s one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself. ”
“I remember my youth and the feeling that will never come back any more /the feeling that I could last for ever, outlast the sea, the earth, and all men; the deceitful feeling that lures us on to joys, to perils, to love, to vain effort /to death; the triumphant conviction of strength, the heat of life in the handful of dust, the glow in the heart that with every year grows dim, grows cold, grows small, and expires /and expires, too soon, too soon /before life itself”
“I remembered that once, as a child, I was filled with wonder, that I had marveled at tri-folded science projects, encyclopedias, and road atlases. I left much of that wonder somewhere back in Baltimore. Now I had the privilege of welcoming it back like a long-lost friend, though our reunion was laced with grief; I mourned over all the years that were lost. The mourning continues. Even today, from time to time, I find myself on beaches watching six-year-olds learn to surf, or at colleges listening to sophomores slip from English to Italian, or at cafés seeing young poets flip though "The Waste Land," or listening to the radio where economists explain economic things that I could've explored in my lost years, mourning, hoping that I and all my wonder, my long-lost friend, have not yet run out of time, though I know that we all run out of time, and some of us run out of it faster.”
“I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.”
“I see  the way you're always searching. How much you hate anything fake or phony. How you're older than your years, but still  playful, like a little girl. How you're always looking into people, or wondering what they see when they look back at you. Your eyes. It's all in the eyes.”
“I see at last that all the knowledge I wrung from the darkness—that the darkness flung me— Is worthless as ignorance: nothing comes from nothing, The darkness from the darkness. Pain comes from the darkness And we call it wisdom. It is pain.”
“I see truth and knowledge and understanding like layers of an onion, peeling away assumptions, leading to recognizing even more assumptions, leading to research to discover more knowledge, leading to deeper truths and greater understanding.”
“I set out to discover the why of it, and to transform my pleasure into knowledge.”
“I sold my soul for knowledge of the future, only to have that very pact render me forever ignorant (Gerald Tarrant).”
“I speak of the Creator. Are you surprised by my candor? In a world that has killed the sacred, mention of it can seem shocking, even foolhardy. But how foolhardy it is to kill the sacred! And how shocking to think that we could! For there is always a light that walks forward.”
“I still accept an imperative of knowledge, through which men may be influenced, but then it must come alive in me, and this is what I now recognize as the most important of all. This is what my soul thirsts for as the African deserts thirst for water. This is what I need to live, a completely human life and not merely one of knowledge”
“I still long for a shared certainty, an assumption of safety, the reassurance of believing that others know better than me what's for the best. But I have been led by the bitter necessities of an interesting life to value that age-old practice of the wise: Doubt.”
“I suppose it was a dream that lasted really about fifty years. By the time universal education had begun to work properly, say 1925, and the time the first teachers started to hold back information, say 1975. So a fifty-year dream." "I think what's happened is that because they themselves know less than their predecessors, innovators and leaders today have remade the world in their own image. Spellchecks. Search engines. They've remodeled the world so that ignorance is not really a disadvantage. And I should think that increasingly they'll carry on reshaping the world to accommodate a net loss of knowledge.”
“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”
“I survived because the fire inside me burned hotter than the fire surrounding me”
“I teach to learn what I need to know; only a good student like me would make me a good teacher.”
“I tell the stories of my life through quotes.”
“I tended to hate people that hit me in the head without warning.”
“I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.”
“I think a lot of psychopaths are just geniuses who drove so fast that they lost control.”
“I think as you grow older, you look for very different things in people. Honesty. Loyalty. Respect. But most of all, you look for someone who will stand right by your side when the walls start crumbling down and the fires rage within. They are right there, and in that moment, you know they’ve got you.”
“I think it is a medically proven fact that the older one gets, the more quick one is two spots conspiracies. Skulduggery. Cloak and dagger stuff.”
“I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves.”
“I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity; but only find fault in those whom they see as better than themselves. There is a fake kind of goodness; and that is the goodness that is only good towards other people that make the givers feel better about themselves. Would you be good to someone you think is so much better than you are? Or who has so much more than you have? Or is your goodness only reserved for those who make you feel like a god because you give to them? Too often, there are shining, beautiful people, who suffer so much in this world, because there would be so many others willing to snuff out their flames! Goodness of a person is not measured by sympathy or compassion; rather, goodness is measured by empathy. Empathy goes beyond all the physical things you see with your two eyes. It’s easy to be good to those you pity; much harder to be good to those whom you envy!”
“I think that knowledge enslaves us, that at the base of all knowledge there is a servility, the acceptation of a way of life wherein each moment has meaning only in relation to another or others that will follow it.”
“I think you can probably be a good vet without owning any animals.”
“I think your vision gets better as you get older.”
“I thought about the difference between a mama's girl and a daddy's girl. I decided that a daughter who belongs to her daddy expects gifts, while a daughter who belongs to her mama expects a lot more. Not from her mama. From herself.”
“I thought that to get to know a desert it was enough to have been there. I thought that to have seen the dogs dying along the Cholula road, or to have seen the eyes of the lepers at Chiengmai gave me the right to talk about it. To have seen! To have been there! Rubbish! The world is not a book, it proves nothing. The spaces one has crossed were dark corridors with closed doors. The faces of the women to whom one gave oneself up completely: did they speak for anyone but themselves? The cities of man are secret. One walks along their streets, one sees them shine under one's feet, but one is not there, one never enters them. The dusty fields inhabited by people who are hungry, who wait patiently, are paradises of luxury and nourishment; shining at a vast distance from intelligence, at a vast distance from reason. They are not to be subjugated.”
“I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man; neither of us probably knows anything that is really good, but he thinks he has knowledge, when he has not, while I, having no knowledge, do not think I have.”
“I trust you with their lives,' Prof said, still writing, 'and them with yours. Don't betray that trust, son. Keep your impulses in check. Don't just act because you can; act because it's the right thing to do. If you keep that in mind, you'll be all right.”
“I understood for the first time that I didn't understand what I thought I understood”
“I understood now that his innocence didn't come from not knowing anything, but rather from having seen everything there was to see, understanding it, and setting it down.”
“I understood the source code software of myself, my body, how the various organs of my body are coordinated, how they are all inspired, excited, what inspires them, what makes them active, alive, energetic  I have understood that source code. Because of that, even poison could not kill me.”
“I use myself as a form of knowledge. I know you through and through, by means of an incantation that comes from me to you. To stretch out savagely while an inflexible geometry vibrates behind everything.”
“I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time”
“I used to think that once you really knew a thing, its truth would shine on forever. Now it's pretty obvious to me that more often than not the batteries fade, and sometimes what you knew even goes out with a bang when you try and call on it, just like a light bulb cracking off when you throw the switch.”
“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”
“I visited many places, Some of them quite Exotic and far away, But I always returned to myself.”
“I want a man who knows something about himself. And is appalled. And has to forgive himself to get along.”
“I want all of you to know: genetically itself Hindu women carry this knowledge. This knowledge is in the DNA of Hindu women. Hindu women are the best to make a stable family.Whether as head of the family or a sanyasi, nun, or in business, Hindu women are the best.”
“I want to disabuse people of the idea that knowledge is power. Knowing how to get to Detroit is not the same thing as having the bus fare.”
“I want to know God's thoughts. The rest are details.”
“I want to know everything, everything," screeched Harriet suddenly, lying back and bouncing up and down on the bed. "Everything in the world, everything, everything. I will be a spy and know everything." "It won't do you a bit of good to know everything if you don't do anything with it.”
“I want to oppose the idea that the school has to teach directly that special knowledge and those accomplishments which one has to use later directly in life. The demands of life are much too manifold to let such a specialized training in school appear possible [ ] The development of general ability for independent thinking and judgement should always be placed foremost.”
“I want you to understand that we are also our own guides. We have access to extraordinarily sacred powers that our most enlightened self has known about during the entirety of our existence.”
“I wanted to explore how we live our lives in certainty, only to discover that we really know nothing, that the truth is we are philosophically blind. And yet the human mind cannot help but tell itself narratives to explain the world. ”
“I wanted to live a thousand lives, So I started reading.”
“I was an attentive child; the world seemed like a bewildering place and I wanted all the knowledge I could come by.”
“I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led.”
“I was drawn to horses as if they were magnets. It was in my blood. I must have inherited from my grandfather a genetic proclivity toward the equine species. Perhaps there's a quirk in the DNA that makes horse people different from everyone else, that instantly divides humanity into those who love horses and the others, who simply don't know.”
“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?”
“I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know.”
“I was headed for an entire life spent alone, pitying myself for not being more, ignoring all those people who actually ask me to be more, because they see it in me.”
“I was hugely impressed  was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood. That's heroic to me. I wish every grad student had that attitude.”
“I was tired of seeing the Graces always depicted as beautiful young things. I think wisdom comes with age and life and pain. And knowing what matters.”
“I watch people sometimes, wonder how they can walk around with the weight of what they know.”
“I went to arunagiri yogishwara once. I remember very clearly, there was a death in the tiruvannamalai village. I told him about that important person in the village who died. He smiled and said so casually, ‘he has reached kailasa and is waiting for next birth.’ I asked him, ‘how you are able to take this flow so casually?’ He smiled and said, ‘understand, whatever exists outside, exists inside. Whatever exists inside, exists outside. There is a death outside, there is a death inside. If you know how to understand the death dimension of you inside you, will understand the death dimension outside you. You have all the 25 dimensions in you.”
“I will always choose the agony of knowledge over the bliss of ignorance.”
“I will give you the scale to find out what you are fermenting in your life - bliss or worry or what. When you allow fermentation of bliss in your inner space, you will be overflowing. There will be excitement, inspiration, life positivity in your words, thoughts, energy - you will be bubbly! Your food intake will drastically reduce.”
“I will let you build me a home if you promise me a library.”
“I will no longer mutilate and destroy myself in order to find a secret behind the ruins.”
“I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.”
“I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.”
“I will tell you why I became a philosopher. I became a philosopher because I wanted to be able to talk about many, many things, ideally with knowledge, but sometimes not quite the amount of knowledge that I would need if I were to be a specialist in them. It allows you to be many different things. And plurality and complexity are very, very important to me.”
“I will use the full range of knowledge I have accumulated on High Altitude Observatory Diseases (HAOD) to assist in the shut down of the biologically toxic 1.4 billion dollar Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii.”
“I wish I could say I’d hit upon the answers to the great mysteries of life [Huncke said a few weeks before he died at age 81]. But it doesn’t make any more sense to me than it did on day one.”
“I wonder how it can be considered that science disenchants the world. The power of the spells of physics to make the empty solid — and nothing, something — seem greater than anything I have ever read in folk tales.”
“I would address one general admonition to all, that they consider what are the true ends of knowledge, and that they seek it not either for pleasure of the mind, or for contention, or for superiority to others, or for profit, or for fame, or power, or any of these inferior things, but for the benefit and use of life; and that they perfect and govern it in charity. For it was from lust of power that the Angels fell, from lust of knowledge that man fell, but of charity there can be no excess, neither did angel or man come in danger by it.”
“I would be much wiser to cultivate the tomato plant rather than expend my life attempting to transition it into a stalk of corn. For in the attempt to do so, both will die and neither will feed me.”
“I would just separate if I was not happy and could not fix things in my relationship. The knowledge that I was secretly cheating on my home partner does not sit well with me.”
“I would like to believe in the myth that we grow wiser with age. In a sense my disbelief is wisdom. Those of a middle generation, if charitable or sentimental, subscribe to the wisdom myth, while the callous see us as dispensable objects, like broken furniture or dead flowers. For the young we scarcely exist unless we are unavoidable members of the same family, farting, slobbering, perpetually mislaying teeth and bifocals.”
“I would much rather be considered wise than smart. But, I still think it is wise to get an education.”
“I would not join any club which would have me be a member.”
“I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.”
“I would rather be wise and than right and ignorant.”
“I would rather carry around a plastic bag with five thousand Euro inside, than carry around a Louis Vuitton/Gucci/Prada bag with only one hundred Euro inside!”
“I would rather lose my intellect than my humility.”
“I would rather my descendants have greater abilities and a greater knowledge of the love of Christ than I do, much like standing on one's shoulders in order to get a clearer view of the valley.”
“I would rather my students drink knowledge from a running stream than a stagnant pool”
“I would rather risk failure than achieve it without risk.”
“I would suggest that science is, at least in my part, informed worship.”
“I would teach how science works as much as I would teach what science knows. I would assert (given that essentially, everyone will learn to read) that science literacy is the most important kind of literacy they can take into the 21st century. I would undervalue grades based on knowing things and find ways to reward curiosity. In the end, it's the people who are curious who change the world.”
“I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.”
“I'VE LEARNED THAT YOU CAN'T CONTROL WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE GOING TO THINK ABOUT YOU. THE BEST YOU CAN DO IN LIFE IS NOT PISS YOURSELF OFF.”
“I'd follow my father from book to book, gathering citations, listen as he named--like a field guide to Virginia-- each flower and tree and bird as if to prove a man's pursuit of knowledge is greater than his shortcomings, the limits of his vision.”
“I'd never before walked out of a classroom with my mind racing because of what I'd learned, and I wanted to savor the feeling as long as possible. It was as though my brain was suddenly capable of considering the world with far more complexity , as though there was so much more to see and do and learn.”
“I'd subliminally determined at this point that the only way to really know what was going on in the world was to listen to women talk. Anyone who ignores the chatter of women is poorer by any measure.”
“I'd watch the birds as a boy and Tutor Weng would snatch me back to his side. He'd had a smile for me then, knowing a child's dream to follow the birds skyward, but said that if I wished to fly, the only wings I could wear were those he offered, those made of books and learning. Only learning lifted us free and let us soar and glide with broad view and swift movement, and, persuaded, I'd put my wandering eyes back in his hands.”
“I'll not go where there is any of that sort of thing going on, again. It's the sure way, and the only sure way;”
“I'm fat because I'm greedy, and if my mind is fat it's because I'm curious.”
“I'm not lost, because I haven't any idea where to go that I might get lost on the way to. I'd like to get lost, because then I'd know where I was going, you see.”
“I'm not sure why I've decided to do this. I'm not any stronger than I was, and nothing else has changed. But all the same, this time I'm not going to run away. It's okay to feel weak sometimes. It's okay to be afraid. The important thing is that we face our fears. That's what makes us strong."-Yuki”
“I'm not trying to tell you," he said "that only educated men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so. But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with--which, unfortunately, is rarely the case--tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are MEREly brilliant and creative.”
“I'm not wise, but I read a lot of novels.”
“I'm not young enough to know everything.”
“I'm reminded of that great line from Robert Penn Warren's All the King's Men : 'The end of man is knowledge, but there is one thing he can't know. He can't know whether knowledge wills ave him or kill him.”
“I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief  I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world. [ Washington Post interview, 19 February 2001 ]”
“I've always told my kids, "Last thing I want you to be is human calculator because I can buy one for . 99”
“I've been the oldest child since before you were born”
“I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy. ”
“I've come to the point where I never feel the need to stop and evaluate whether or not I am happy. I'm just 'being', and without question, by default, it works.”
“I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances, Be more active, Show up more often.”
“I've had many dreams useless dreams while sleeping. Priceless are those that guide me while awake.”
“I've known a lot of hummingbirds. I used to be one too. But then I grew. An ostrich now, I listen. I wait. Grounded (but quick when I need to be). I've still got that sprint in me.”
“I've learned  . That opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss.”
“I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw some things back.”
“I've studied much and learned little.”
“I, for one, never can have too many books; nor can my books cover too many subjects. I may never read them all, but they are always there, and I never know what strange coast I am going to pick up at any time in sailing the world of knowledge.”
“INTEREST. Here is the key to the whole thing. If and when you are truly interested in what you are doing, or are about to do, then you will center your attention on it with little or no effort, and almost irrespective of the attendant conditions.”
“Idea, research, discovery, publish, and repeat.”
“Ideas are the source of all things”
“Ideas emerge at the intersection of perspectives.”
“Ideas were found by the freethinker, expressed by poet with the new words, formulated by scholar into knowledge.”
“If Christ were here there is one thing he would not be—a Christian.”
“If God exists, he exists for all of us”
“If God gave you everything that you wanted, you would have nothing that you need. And in that case, you would end up with neither.”
“If God had known the future , he could not have declared what he had created as all beautiful. Perhaps he is not all knowing.”
“If God had known the future , he could not have declared what he had created as all beautiful. The rapist, terrorist and the teribble; how beautiful is the Ripper? Perhaps this God is not all knowing.”
“If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.”
“If I ever claim to know everything, I surely know nothing.”
“If I had a shiny gun I could have a world of fun Speeding bullets through the brains Of the folks that cause me pains :)”
“If I had read as many books as other people, I would know as little.”
“If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.”
“If I have all of the gear but I can’t bait the hook, the fish have nothing to worry about.”
“If I have something going for myself. You don't know what I have got and how I am keeping it going. It will be hard for me to listen to you or to listen to your advice, especially if you are not contributing or supporting financially or resources wise.”
“If I know that my troops are capable of striking the enemy, but do not know that he is invulnerable to attack, my chance of victory is but half. If I know that the enemy is vulnerable to attack, but do not know that my troops are incapable of striking him, my chance of victory is but half. If I know that the enemy can be attacked and that my troops are capable of attacking him, but do not realize that because of the conformation of the ground I should not attack, my chance of victory is but half.”
“If I lean unbuttoned into the blow Of loss after loss, love tossed Into the ecstatic void-- It carries me with it farther, To chords that stretch and bend Like light through colored glass. But it races on, toward shadows Where the world I know And the world I fear Threaten to meet.”
“If I reveal myself without worrying about how others will respond, then some will care, though others may not. But who can love me, if no one knows me? I must risk it, or live alone.”
“If I stress about a goal, I won't remember to find the way to get there.”
“If I’d stayed there, would I always have been happy? No, I suppose not. People move away, grow older, die, and the bright belief that there will be another marvelous thing around each corner fades. It is now or never; we must snatch at happiness as it flies.”
“If Peter Pan had been real, he would've gone mad and killed everyone in Neverland.”
“If Valentine was a saint, chances are he died single and unmarried.”
“If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.”
“If a man has something that is the least and most, it is time.”
“If a person holds no ambitions in this world, he suffers unknowingly. If a person holds ambitions, he suffers knowingly, but very slowly.”
“If a serious statement is defined as one that may be made in terms of waking life, poetry will never rise to the level of seriousness. It lies beyond seriousness, on that more primitive and original level where the child, the animal, the savage, and the seer belong, in the region of dream, enchantment, ecstasy, laughter. To understand poetry we must be capable of donning the child's soul like a magic cloak and of forsaking man's wisdom for the child's.”
“If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“If at all you have to eat something, eat only guru’s prasad. Now what I am giving is guru’s prasad: ‘you are larger than what society has taught you.’ click with it. Think intensely! Internalise.There is nothing lacking in your life. The only thing you need to have is the zeal of making your creation into a mission.”
“If believing were simple, then this world wouldn’t be in the mess that it is today.”
“If common sense is so rare, isn't it 'common sense' to start calling it rare sense?”
“If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.”
“If everyone bows in front of your wisdom, your greatest wisdom will be to tell them not to bow!”
“If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.”
“If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.”
“If human beings had only known how to truly preserve their knowledge of the world, if they had just engraved it into rock, into crystals, into diamond and in so doing, passed it on to their descendants, then perhaps the world would now look altogether otherwise. For what are we to do with such a brittle stuff as paper? What can come of writing books?”
“If in the world you are the most learned scholar of the time, behold the passing away of this world and this time!”
“If it had been possible to build the Tower of Babel without ascending it, the work would have been permitted. (Wenn es möglich gewesen wäre, den Turm von Babel zu erbauern ohne ihn zu erklettern, es wäre erlaubt worden.)”
“If it is not strong upon your heart to practice what you read, to what end do you read? To increase your own condemnation? If your light and knowledge be not turned into practice, the more knowing a man you are, the more miserable a man you will be in the day of recompense; your light and knowledge will more torment you than all the devils in hell. Your knowledge will be that rod that will eternally lash you, and that scorpion that will forever bite you, and that worm that will everlastingly gnaw you; therefore read, and labor to know that you may do--or else you are undone forever.”
“If it were customary to send little girls to school and teach them the same subjects as are taught to boys, they would learn just as fully and would understand the subtleties of all arts and sciences.”
“If it's knowledge and wisdom you want, then seek out the company of those who do real work for an honest purpose.”
“If it's true what is said, that only the wise discover the wise, then it must also be true that the lone wolf symbolizes either the biggest fool on the planet or the biggest Einstein on the planet.”
“If knowledge is power, let's spread it as widely as possible and dilute it to deny those who would abuse it.”
“If knowledge is power, then self-knowledge is empowerment.”
“If knowledge isn't self-knowledge it isn't doing much, mate. Is the universe expanding? Is it contracting? Is it standing on one leg and singing 'When Father Painted the Parlour'? Leave me out. I can expand my universe without you. 'She walks into beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies, and all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes.”
“If lightning is the anger of the gods, then the gods are concerned mostly about trees.”
“If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.”
“If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us. But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern, which shines only on the waves behind us.”
“If multitasking is the solution for doing more in less time, then the human race is moving towards a time when we will attempt to finish items on our to-do list while we sleep.”
“If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big ‘however’- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice…and never understood the difference between the two.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck”
“If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door”
“If others tell us something we make assumptions, and if they don't tell us something we make assumptions to fulfill our need to know and to replace the need to communicate. Even if we hear something and we don't understand we make assumptions about what it means and then believe the assumptions. We make all sorts of assumptions because we don't have the courage to ask questions.”
“If people become happy not when a new church, a new mosque or a new synagogue is opened in the country, but when a new knowledge centre is opened, then it means they have reached a certain mental maturity! What humanity needs is not new places of worship, but new knowledge that can take humanity to new levels, to new places!”
“If people in the position of power are not made to be accountable, then, ungodliness, injustice and oppression will continue to be the order of the day in the society.”
“If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty; it’s inflated value, it’s inevitable loss.”
“If some hunted as hard for information as they do for inspiration, they might find themselves in a better situation.”
“If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.”
“If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.”
“If the Bible is His instruction manual for the human race, it contains everything we need to navigate through the hardships of this life. Learning and applying the knowledge in it would be more valuable to us than reading all the books ever written.”
“If the cosmos is a grand ocean, we are all part of it. We are one with the ocean, not individual drops in the ocean. When we think of ourselves as individual drops, we feel separate in our boundary and in our feelings. This is what is called ego.”
“If the giddiness of life and the pressure of time might make us tumble from our tight line, let us inhale the wisdom of our inspiration and reshape our “inner void” into an “inner space” and refurbish it with the fundamental, vital particles of our everyday experience. ("One drink after work.")”
“If the human experience is born of compassion” the Little Light says angrily, “why does the Great Light curse humanity to suffer in the most unspeakable ways? Why is there so much grief, pain, and tragedy in the world?” Ketu gives a sardonic smile. The questions are easy to answer, but difficult to fully comprehend. It is one thing to gain knowledge, and another to experience it and fully understand its true meaning.”
“If the ignorance of nature gave birth to such a variety of gods, the knowledge of this nature is calculated to destroy them.”
“If the ignorant could be happy there’d be no reason for anyone to struggle to become wise. Nature has decreed that the ignorant can never be happy, and in their lack of knowledge is the secret of their own misfortunes.”
“If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.”
“If the partridge didn't call at the wrong moment, Neither the hunter nor the falcon would know of it. It follows from this point also, That everyone's voice betrays him.”
“If the people of Europe had known as much of astronomy and geology when the bible was introduced among them, as they do now, there never could have been one believer in the doctrine of inspiration. If the writers of the various parts of the bible had known as much about the sciences as is now known by every intelligent man, the book never could have been written. It was produced by ignorance, and has been believed and defended by its author. It has lost power in the proportion that man has gained knowledge. A few years ago, this book was appealed to in the settlement of all scientific questions; but now, even the clergy confess that in such matters, it has ceased to speak with the voice of authority. For the establishment of facts, the word of man is now considered far better than the word of God. In the world of science, Jehovah was superseded by Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler. All that God told Moses, admitting the entire account to be true, is dust and ashes compared to the discoveries of Descartes, Laplace, and Humboldt. In matters of fact, the bible has ceased to be regarded as a standard. Science has succeeded in breaking the chains of theology. A few years ago, Science endeavored to show that it was not inconsistent with the bible. The tables have been turned, and now, Religion is endeavoring to prove that the bible is not inconsistent with Science. The standard has been changed.”
“If the philosopher is but a lover of wisdom, then philosophy is like a love letter for future generations.”
“If then a practical end must be assigned to a University course, I say it is that of training good members of society  It is the education which gives a man a clear, conscious view of their own opinions and judgements, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them, and a force in urging them. It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought to detect what is sophistical and to discard what is irrelevant.”
“If there is a wasp in the room, I’d like to be able to see it.”
“If there is something you should know and you don’t know it, because you were not taught. It is not your fault. But, if there is something . You know that you don’t know, and you should know, and you are not doing your best in learning it. Then it is your fault. You are the way you are. You are where you are in life .”
“If there was any great lesson in life it was this: No battle was ever won with silence.”
“If things far away don’t concern you, you’ll soon mourn things close at hand.”
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
“If this journey has taught me anything, it is that sometimes in life you have to stand up for what you believe in, and for what you feel in your gut. Sure, it can be scary, and it requires some courage at times, but worthwhile things never come easy. And the best things in life always require a ‘never say die’ attitude.”
“If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten”
“If truth seems derogatory, that truth is filth.”
“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift. We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be. We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”
“If we are going to preserve the viability of life on this planet, we must strive to understand the connections, the interrelatedness of all things.”
“If we can detox you, if the parasites / microbes sitting inside your body and triggering you can be removed from your system, then just proper diet is needed, which is such a simple easy lifestyle.”
“If we care about knowledge, freedom, and peace, then we need to stake a strong claim: anyone can believe anything, but liberal science—open-ended, depersonalized checking by an error-seeking social network—is the only legitimate validator of knowledge, at least in the reality-based community. Other communities, of course, can do all kinds of other things. But they cannot make social decisions about objective reality. That is a very bold, very broad, very tough claim, and it goes down very badly with lots of people and communities who feel ignored or oppressed by the Constitution of Knowledge: creationists, Christian Scientists, homeopaths, astrologists, flat-earthers, anti-vaxxers, birthers, 9/11 truthers, postmodern professors, political partisans, QAnon followers, and adherents of any number of other belief systems and religions.”
“If we deny the thirst of love, we stand to lose the last known address of the stranger whithin us. ”
“If we disown history we are at its mercy. To have a reasonable knowledge of the past is to possess an anchor which is likely to prevent us from being swept towards false ideas about the present and future.”
“If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.”
“If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.”
“If we find ourselves in a moral quandary, we should seek more knowledge, more facts, more evidence and more truth, which will lead us on in its inevitable way to more wisdom.”
“If we have just partaken of a philosopher's wisdom, we go through the streets feeling as if we had been transformed and had become great; for we encounter only people who do not know this wisdom, and thus we have to deliver a new, unheard-of judgement about everything; because we have acknowledged a book of laws, we also think we now have to act like judges”
“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
“If we only fell in love with people who were perfect for us then there wouldn't be so much fuss about love in the first place.”
“If we proceed like the child does with the puppy, if we examine what is hidden in things and persons, in everything that is stimulating in this colorful world, then we will uncover nothing more than that kind of atomized sawdust with which 'science' for a long time has been feeding those hungry for knowledge. Everything real looked at in the light disappoints. The forms lose their shine, color, and aroma, like a fruit that someone has grasped too strongly.”
“If we remain humble and grounded in nature's wisdom, our mind will guide us safely through the confines of unawareness and the blindness of ignorance. ("Why step out of nature ?")”
“If we see mirages long enough they become our reality. Such is vision without wisdom.”
“If we still advise we shall never do.”
“If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.”
“If what you do feels like work, it is not it”
“If what you seek is Truth, there is one thing you must have above all else.” “I know. An overwhelming passion for it.” “No. An unremitting readiness to admit you may be wrong.”
“If wine is the enemy of religion, I shall devour the enemy of religion.”
“If yeu need to be happy to be a good person, yeu are not a good person”
“If you allow coldness to engulf you before winter, season is helpless to help you.”
“If you already know all the answers, you can't ask questions.”
“If you are a teacher, then teaching is your creation. Decide, teaching the whole world the subject you want to teach is your mission. If you start thinking yourself as a mission, the 25 heads of paramashiva will start manifesting in you. This is a very important secret.”
“If you are an artist and want to be a successful artist then learn to convert your art into NFT art”
“If you are doing what you have always been doing, then you will get what you have always got, and when you do something else that do, then you will get what get, but if you do something Doing what no one done then, you will get what no one got.”
“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”
“If you are mindful, Asclepius, these things should seem true to you, but they will be beyond belief if you have no knowledge. To understand is to believe, and not to believe is not to understand. Reasoned discourse does (not) get to the truth, but mind is powerful, and, when it has been guided by reason up to a point, it has the means to get (as far as) the truth. After mind had considered all this carefully and had discovered that all of it is in harmony with the discoveries of reason, it came to believe, and in this beautiful belief it found rest. By an act of god, then, those who have understood find what I have been saying believable, but those who have not understood do not find it believable. Let this much be told about understanding and sensation.”
“If you are mindful, Asclepius, these things should seem true to you, but they will be beyond belief if you have no knowledge. To understand is to believe, and not to believe is not to understand. Reasoned discourse does [not] get to the truth, but mind is powerful, and, when it has been guided by reason up to a point, it has the means to get [as far as] the truth. After mind had considered all this carefully and had discovered that all of it is in harmony with the discoveries of reason, it came to believe, and in this beautiful belief it found rest. By an act of god, then, those who have understood find what I have been saying believable, but those who have not understood do not find it believable. Let this much be told about understanding and sensation.”
“If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.”
“If you are not able to travel," he told me, "the next best thing is to read. Read all you can girl, girl. And store up that knowledge, for you never know when you will need it.”
“If you are not aware of the right time and right direction even the sunrise looks like sunset.”
“If you are not confused by most things, you are not thinking hard enough.”
“If you are not grateful to God and nature for every moment of your life, then you don't deserve this heaven”
“If you are proud of some things in life, you are also tired of some burdens of life. Pride and burdens go hand in hand. Let go of pride to get rid of burdens.”
“If you are proud of some things in life, you are also tired of some burdens of life. Pride and burdens go hand in hand. Let go of pride to let go of burdens.”
“If you are ready to learn and evolve, there is hope for you yet - if not, the world will pity you for a few days and forget you after a week.”
“If you are so unique that you don't fit in any category, you are an unknown mystery to people. And people fear the unknown. As a distraction from fear, they laugh or talk nonsense about you.”
“If you are spiritual then you are spirituality.”
“If you are very sincere about enlightenment, then twice a week, treat yourself royally, means stop eating; 24 hours absolutely no food. That's the best pampering you can do to you.”
“If you are what you eat, you are what you see and hear.”
“If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes; but it will be an empty victory because you will never get your opponent's good will.”
“If you ask me what remains to be known in the future, I’ll say, ‘Memorize all the world’s encyclopedias.’ Once you do that, forget all that fancy junk and rake the leaves – else I’m gonna take a stick to you, boy.”
“If you avoid knowledge about yourself, you will avoid knowledge about the cosmos. If you feel ignorance is ok and keep yourself in delusion, you will be deluded about the cosmos also. More and more clarity and understanding about your individual existence will help you have cosmic existence.”
“If you begin an investigation with the conclusion that what you seek to understand is ultimately unknowable, then you've lost the battle against ignorance before you've even begun.”
“If you begin to live with a little respect and love for Existence and all its creations, you will be able to recognize these things happening in your own life as well. Nature will simply reciprocate your love in many beautiful ways.”
“If you boil it down, just because someone else does the wrong thing we are not exempt from doing what’s right.”
“If you burn pure rice, pure cow ghee with the proper mantras and do the agnihotram with that pure organic desi cow dung cake, that smoke, air, can keep you hunger-free, fully charged. All your internal organs active, at least for 8 hours.”
“If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.”
“If you can't plant trees, just imagine how much farmers are doing you a favour by giving you food to survive”
“If you cannot appreciate weird subjects you should learn to, the world is very boring without them.”
“If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion”
“If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice and that unowned, disempowered decision is nothing more than a cowardly “no”.”
“If you commit to being wise, that’s one less fool that you have to worry about.”
“If you decide consciously to ferment bliss in you, you will maintain everything in your life - health, wealth, relationships, mental health, enlightenment, state of paramashiva, powers of paramashiva, space, being, superconsciousness of paramashiva, everything.”
“If you decide you should be working and alive whole day without tiredness or boredom, always take handful of yellu and vellam (sesame and jaggery balls) every morning.It will remove all the parasites / microbes that triggers tiredness / boredom / irritation in you. Your muscle memory and bio memory will be so pure / clean. You will not fall for your tiredness / boredom / irritating parasites that trigger you.”
“If you do not know where you come from, then you don't know where you are, and if you don't know where you are, then you don't know where you're going. And if you don't know where you're going, you're probably going wrong.”
“If you don't feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.”
“If you don't know everything, you must go on with what you do know.”
“If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change. Don't give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy. Any man who can take a TV wall apart and put it back together again, and most men can nowadays, is happier than any man who tries to slide-rule, measure and equate the universe, which just wont be measured or equated without making man feel bestial and lonely.”
“If you don’t fear getting obsolete, you are likely to face obsolescence sooner.”
“If you drink neem juice everyday, all the parasites in your muscle memory and bio memory will be cleansed. Even when the sex hormones are pumped into your body, it just manifests an intense devotion, sweetest secret sacred sentiment. It does not trigger violent, lusty, uncontrollable, agitating, life-negative, suicidal, wild, self-destructive visualization or patterns.”
“If you dwell in the darkness, you can see in the dark and look into the light. But in choosing the darkness, you know you are destined to walk alone.”
“If you envy successful people, you create a negative force field of attraction that repels you from ever doing the things that you need to do to be successful. If you admire successful people, you create a positive force field of attraction that draws you toward becoming more and more like the kinds of people that you want to be like.”
“If you ever don't see irony, it's because you're not seeing everything.”
“If you feel a vastness of passion towards a particular goal, you owe it to yourself to follow through with it. Because what your soul desires, is ultimately what you need.”
“If you feel indigestion in your stomach, or some pain or gas or stomach upset, how you take either banana or laxative like haritaki or castor oil, same way, if something is stuck in the cosmos and it becomes too heavy, cosmos takes measurements to clean itself.”
“If you feel you are just embodiment of certain qualities, you will connect with me as embodiment of those certain qualities.If you feel you are an identity, you will connect with me also as identity.If you feel you have a form, you will connect with me as a form.In reality, I am formless and I have forms and I am a powerful identity, powerful being, powerful auspicious qualities. I have everything as my expression, as me.”
“If you feel you have learned it all, then you have made a grave mistake.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“If you have a problem with someone or you feel violated or you're not happy with their service or whatever the other person is doing. In life there are levels of escalations to solve any problem or the sort out the differences. Choose to know this life levels of escalation. LIFE LEVELS OF ESCALATION 1. Choose to speak to the person. Notifying them of their doing, and to confirm if they know and understand what they are doing. Ask them about their actions. 2. Choose to tell them, on how you feel or what they are doing or not doing makes you feel. 3. If the person persist. Choose to call on, other people that are close to him /her to assist. Like his parents, family members , elderly people or friends. 4. If they persist and whatever they are doing is wrong. Choose to report them to the authority. 5. If they persist, then you can choose to report them to social media. Whenever you report someone. Ask yourself this questions . You report them, because you want the person to stop what they doing and seek some help or you report them, because you want to expose them, to hurt them, to get them into trouble and for them to pay for what they did?”
“If you have a project to pour your learnings into, you will retain the knowledge.”
“If you have an opinion, and that opinion is weak, do not consider it wisdom. - Tiresias to Pentheus”
“If you have seen everything in life, you want to say to people, "Cut the drama and come to the point." But for people, drama is the point. A point is useless to them if it doesn't provide drama.”
“If you have some working knowledge of business and accounting and have a lot of patience to ride out market ups and downs, you can be a stock picker. You just need to understand that stocks are proportionate ownership of earning businesses.”
“If you keep on making excuses to me. What you are doing is teaching me to always make excuses to you.”
“If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.”
“If you know how this nature works you know yourself more than anyone else”
“If you know what is the code, what kind of a methodology you use to coordinate your heart and lungs and brain, how you inspire them, keep them active, alive, healthy, you'll simply know how to keep your business and family active, alive, healthy.”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“If you know your dharma, you will use the same to build your teamily.*you will know exactly who you should inspire, who should be given fear, who should be given greed, who should be given inspiration, who should be given love, who should be given gifts, who should be given punishment. You will simply know the science of building your life.”
“If you learn from many wise men who disagree one another, you will find that there are many wisdoms came out of truth. In the end, you must find truth and define your own wisdom.”
“If you listened to wisdom and fear, nothing would get done.”
“If you look around to find meaning in everything that happens, you will end up disappointed. Sometimes there aren’t reasons behind the terrible things that go on. I ask myself, If I knew all the answers, would it help? I lie awake and wonder why I don’t have parents and wonder what will become of my brother and me. But when the morning comes, I realize that there’s nothing to be done about what has already happened. I can only get up and do my chores and push through the day and find the good in it.”
“If you observe closely, you will see that goals always create worry in us. When we move toward any goal, we move only with the worry about the results.”
“If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now.”
“If you operate from these life positive things like joy, bliss, love, even the chemicals and hormones your body secretes strengthens your immune system. There are tons of researches to prove this.”
“If you put on red glasses everything appears red. That's the same thing with the mind of a human being, if you are a fool everything is interpreted foolishly, if you are wise you interpret everything wisely.”
“If you read proverbs, you will find answers to every puzzle.”
“If you realize that you are society. The society of the world will cross you.”
“If you rest, you rust.”
“If you seek the knowledge of God, you will know God.”
“If you seem to be happy in this place of solitude, you will acquire a great reputation for wisdom, and I know, by my own experience, that under the cloak of a great reputation it is possible to hide whole treasures of folly. (“The Story of Princess Zulkais and the Prince Kalilah”)”
“If you start enjoying the narration you carry about you, the swarupa ananda, and everyone around you enjoys the narration about you in them which they carry in them, in that space, you manifest sarvajnattva”
“If you start taking haritaki powder, don't think it will only cleanse your intestine and work only as a laxative and you will become healthy. That is only a small effect of haritaki. Every night if you take haritaki powder, not just it will bring you health, it will remove all the parasites from your muscle memory and intestine.”
“If you start understanding the god or say power of the universe, it’s conscious and knowledge. If you start praying every stones in the name of same god, it’s foolishness. If you worship anything by realizing them, it's faith. Seeking is fundamental accomplishment to human life.”
“If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom.”
“If you take a lot of tamarind in your diet, you will develop a stomach where no wrong fermentation happens.’ your liver will function perfectly. All the detox will happen. Your liver is the real detoxifier. It detoxes your system. Your life starts getting very active. The liver’s independent intelligence can be awakened by tamarind.”
“If you take a lot of water, the body will become so pure, there won't be water retention and its bad effects.”
“If you think of Neters as gods, you limit them and confine them in a box. Only when you open them up, add the divine powers of nature that are always in action that you realize their tremendous importance not in the past but to everyone today. These cosmic laws keep the Universe constantly expanding into ever greater dimensions of time, space, and consciousness.”
“If you think you don’t have individual identity and you are just a mixture of body, mind, chemicals, hormones, thoughts, and nothing more than this mixture exists separately, you will see the cosmos also the same way.”
“If you think you know-it-all about cybersecurity, this discipline was probably ill-explained to you.”
“If you truly are seeking answers of wholeness, why do you continue to engage in conversations rooted in partiality?”
“If you truly want to go deep into a subject, you have to be willing to wade through the loads of insignificant information to find the gems hidden within. Otherwise, you will only know what is common knowledge.”
“If you truly want to know a person, talk to their enemies.”
“If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.”
“If you understand at some point of time in your life: ‘even when all these hormones, chemicals, body, mind, ups, downs, all these impermanent things are not functioning, I am existing, I exist, so there is something more than these impermanent existences in me…’ if you get that glimpse, if you cognize it, and if it hits your existence,then you know the cosmos also as parameshwara, existence, more than the impermanent permutation combinations.”
“If you understand even intellectually, the existence of paramashiva, that focus means not on ‘one’ but on ‘oneness’, it is enough! This is exactly the way arjuna won the game, the challenge, and married draupadi. This is exactly the science taught to rama by vashishta. This is exactly the science taught to arjuna by drona.This is the exactly the science taught to karna by parasurama. I am giving you the pure hindu indian archery science.”
“If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.”
“If you want attention or engagement on social media. Say anything about men or to men. The word men is used as a trigger these days.”
“If you want something, work for it. Prayer is super-fantstic, faith is 'mwah'! But work is necessary and important. So work for what you want.”
“If you want the answer—ask the question.”
“If you want to add immense amount of values to this world then you can do it only through spirituality”
“If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry.”
“If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.”
“If you want to bring the world closer to peace, be a peacemaker by creating peace whenever you can. If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.”
“If you want to create the common sense that comes from twenty years of being in the world, you need to devote twenty years to the task. You can't assemble an equivalent collection of heuristics in less time; experience is algorithmically incompressible.”
“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”
“If you want to keep everything good. So always keep your mind good.”
“If you want to know a person thoroughly, you must go slowly and carefully, so as to avoid mistakes and prejudices, which are always difficult to correct or eradicate afterwards.”
“If you want to make unique discoveries, you do not follow the crowd.”
“If you want to really know something you have to observe or experience it in person; if you claim to know something on the basis of hearsay, or on happening to see it in a book, you'll be a laughingstock to those who really know.”
“If you want to remove all the negativity, reduce food intake; go for more vegetarianism and fruitarianism. Even if you live between vegetarianism and fruitarianism, that is enough.”
“If you want to understand me deeply then go and read my quotes because they are based on me and my real life experiences.”
“If you will not follow your action plan, then your actions will not give you the desired results.”
“If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.”
“If you wish to know things better and understand their workings more profoundly, make sure that you keep yourself at a certain distance from them, like presbyopic eyes that demand a particular range in order to see clearly.”
“If you with your knowledge of present and past recall that a certain man slipped on, say, a banana peel, or fell off his chair, or drowned in a river, that recollection does not mean that you caused him to slip, or fall, or drown. Correct? Of course it's correct! It happened, and you know it, but knowledge is not cause. Of course! Anyone who argues otherwise is a stupid ignoramus. Well, so with me. My knowledge of the future does not cause the future. It merely sees it.”
“If you work hard, you will make your way to the inner circle of knowledge. That is the end goal of mastery: an inside-out understanding.”
“If you're going to hit a car, try to be sure that it's not a cop car”
“If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.”
“If you're lucky you might be beautiful for seven years, and wise for seventy.”
“If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy  think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”
“If you're reading this  Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.”
“If you've told a little boy that Big Boys don't cry, you've marginalized his voice”
“If you´re not afraid to lose it - don't write it down.”
“If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve”
“If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!”
“If your eyes can see something, is it real? If all your five senses confirm it, is it real? If five billion sets of senses (people) confirm it, is it real? If a holy book confirms it, is it real? It's a hide and seek game. The only reality is hiding behind illusions which are confirming each other as real.”
“If your solution Is to destroy something or someone. Then that is not a solution, but a future problem.”
“If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string”
“If you’re reading these words, perhaps it’s because something has kicked open the door for you, and you’re ready to embrace change. It isn’t enough to appreciate change from afar, or only in the abstract, or as something that can happen to other people but not to you. We need to create change for ourselves, in a workable way, as part of our everyday lives.”
“If “a picture is worth a thousand words, then a video has to be worth at least 1.8 million words.”
“Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.”
“Ignorance cannot be enlightened through argument; it can only be defeated by knowledge and compassion.”
“Ignorance is a knowledge illiteracy.”
“Ignorance is bliss, Knowledge is pain. To know is to grow, To grow is inconvenient.”
“Ignorance is degrading only when it is found in company with riches.”
“Ignorance is hardly unusual, Miss Davar. The longer I live, the more I come to realize that it is the natural state of the human mind. There are many who will strive to defend its sanctity and then expect you to be impressed with their efforts.”
“Ignorance is inherited; enlightenment is found.”
“Ignorance is not bliss, but acceptance of ignorance is.”
“Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.”
“Ignorance of the law of irreducibility was no excuse. I could no longer excuse myself with the claim that I didn't know the law -- for knowledge of self and of the world is the law that, even though unattainable, cannot be broken, and no one can excuse himself by saying that he doesn't know it. . . . The renewed originality of the sin is this: I have to carry out my unknowing, I shall be sinning originally against life.”
“Ignorance often makes a complicated thing seem simple, or vice versa.”
“Ignorance, when voluntary, is criminal, and a man may be properly charged with that evil which he neglected or refused to learn how to prevent.”
“Illegal immigrants or foreigners are good for bad things and are bad to good things.”
“Illiteracy is the number one promoter of ignorance.”
“Illiterate is not the one who can't read and write, illiterate is the one who has no desire to learn.”
“Imagination permits the evolution of collective knowledge.”
“Imagination runs most surely over land that it knows.”
“Imagine no limitations; decide what's right and desirable before you decide what's possible.”
“Impatience is like an urge to experience”
“Impossible to find as otherness per se (obviously a dream); but at the same time---­ irreducible as a symbolic rule of the game, as a rule of the game that governs the world. The promiscuity and general confusion in which differences exist do not affect this rule of the game as such: it is not a rational law, nor is it a demonstrative process - we shall never have either metaphysical or scientific proof of this principle of foreignness and incomprehensibility: we simply have to accept it. The worst thing here is understanding, which is sentimental and useless. True knowledge is knowledge of exactly what we can never understand in the other, knowledge of what it is in the other that makes the other not oneself - and hence someone who can in no sense become separated from oneself, nor alienated by any look of ours, nor instituted by us in either identity or difference. (Never question others about their identity. In the case of America, the question of American identity was never at issue: the issue was America's foreignness.) If we do not understand the savage, it is for the same reason that he does not understand himself (the term 'savage' conveys this foreignness better than all later euphemisms). The rule of exoticism thus implies that one should not be fooled by understanding, by intimacy, by the country, by travel, by picturesqueness, or by oneself. The realm of radical exoticism, moreover, is not necessarily a function of travel: 'It is not essential, in order to feel the shock [of the exotic], to revive the old-fashioned episode of the voyage. [   ] The fact remains that such an episode and its setting are better than any other subterfuge for reaching this brutal, rapid and pitiless hand-to-hand conflict and making each blow count.' Travel is a subterfuge, then - but it is the most appropriate one of all.”
“In 1881, being on a visit to Boston, my wife and I found ourselves in the Parker House with the Ingersoll 's, and went over to Charleston to hear him lecture. His subject was 'Some Mistakes of Moses,' and it was a memorable experience. Our lost leaders, -- Emerson , Thoreau , Theodore Parker, -- who had really spoken to disciples rather than to the nation, seemed to have contributed something to form this organ by which their voice could reach the people. Every variety of power was in this orator, -- logic and poetry, humor and imagination, simplicity and dramatic art, moral and boundless sympathy . The wonderful power which Washington's Attorney-general, Edmund Randolph, ascribed to Thomas Paine of insinuating his ideas equally into learned and unlearned had passed from Paine 's pen to Ingersoll 's tongue. The effect on the people was indescribable. The large theatre was crowded from pit to dome. The people were carried from plaudits of his argument to loud laughter at his humorous sentences, and his flexible voice carried the sympathies of the assembly with it, at times moving them to tears by his pathos . { Conway's thoughts on the great Robert Ingersoll }”
“In America, everyone is entitled to an opinion, and it is certainly useful to have a few when a pollster shows up. But these are opinions of a quite different roder from eighteenth- or nineteenth-century opinions. It is probably more accurate to call them emotions rather than opinions, which would account for the fact that they change from week to week, as the pollsters tell us. What is happening here is that television is altering the meaning of 'being informed' by creating a species of information that might properly be called disinformation. I am using this world almost in the precise sense in which it is used by spies in the CIA or KGB. Disinformation does not mean false information. It means misleading information--misplace, irrelevant, fragmented or superficial information--information that creates the illusion of knowing something but which in fact leads one away from knowing. In saying this, I do not mean to imply that television news deliberately aims to deprive Americans of a coherent, contextual understanding of their world. I mean to say that when news is packaged as entertainment, that is the inevitable result. And in saying that the television news show entertains but does not inform, I am saying something far more serious than that we are being deprived of authentic information. I am saying we are losing our sense of what it means to be well informed. Ignorance is always correctable. But what shall we do if we take ignorance to be knowledge?”
“In Arabic to say, for example, "Wisdom is precious," you could repeat the feminine pronoun: al-hikmah hiya thamînah, literally "Wisdom, she is precious." It is stated by some Sûfî Sheikhs (Masters) that Sûfîsm originally was named Sophia, which connects Sûfîsm with the Christian Gnostic tradition, in which Wisdom is personified as a woman, the divine Sophia. The physical mother of Jesus was an external image of manifestation of the Virgin Sophia, the word 'Sophia' stemming from Sophos (wisdom). The Gnostics, whose language was Greek, identified the Holy Spirit with Sophia, Wisdom; and Wisdom was considered female.”
“In Buddhism, knowledge constitutes the greatest obstacle to Awakening.”
“In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie.”
“In Love we fall and in God we trust. The two have something special in common: people adore both conditions despite their irrationality or, to be more precise, because of their irrationality. For what is irrational keeps us often effectively in distance from the pure knowledge and perception of things. A purity that, exactly as pure heroin, can put us in grave danger, especially in high doses.”
“In Nietzsche’s framework, joy is the feeling of your power increasing. [ ] Power comes in many forms, one of which is mastery. As we become expert—in creation or discovery, in helping or healing, in communicating or leading—we gain power. That power is revealed in flow, and in joy.”
“In a dark time, the eye begins to see.”
“In a flash it could all be gone. So love it while it lasts. Embrace every moment. And if the time comes when you have to say good-bye, you can smile at the wonderful adventure you had.”
“In a fool, education can be like a full box of matches in the hand of a toddler that is home-alone.”
“In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.”
“In a village where everyone has only one leg, the biped will hop about more lamely than anyone else, if he knows what is good for him.”
“In a way, yes,’ said Jack and handed the peeled clementine over to the squire, then took another one for himself. ‘But some of us are wealthier than others – just look at your house and your valley, and your horses. And your wisdom.’ ‘My wisdom?’ ‘You know things.’ ‘And you? Don't you know things?’ ‘Yes,’ said Jack, sharply drawing in the air, ‘I know things. Everyone knows some things. But I wish you'd share some of your wisdom with me as graciously as your food.’ ‘Wisdom is not the same as knowing things, my boy, and I am not wise.”
“In absorbing the good of someone, even bowing is an act of rising.”
“In addition to my new outlook on life, in some absurdly simple way, Anissa gave me several new reasons to live. Above all, I had to see her again and find out what, if anything, would happen between her and me.”
“In all of knowable reality, God is unique. He is knowable not like the multiplication table or the table of elements; he alone is knowable as the one totally in control of being known. He is not at the disposal of the human mind. He is known when he wills to be known. Yet he is known in and through created reality, which is known naturally. Therefore the glory of God is exalted most not when we know God apart from observation and reading and study, but when we know God as a result of his free and gracious self-revelation in and through our earnest observation of and meditation on his work and Word in history.”
“In an age when mass pleasures like television are becoming more feeble and homogeneous, the very act of discrimination becomes a form of protest. At a time when mass marketing of food produces a product so disgusting that it has to be wrapped in distracting gimmicks to be sold, the mere fact of paying attention to what you eat and drink and telling the truth about taste is a revolutionary act.”
“In art, and maybe just in general, the idea is to be able to be really comfortable with contradictory ideas. In other words, wisdom might be, seem to be, two contradictory ideas both expressed at their highest level and just let to sit in the same cage sort of, vibrating. So, I think as a writer, I'm really never sure of what I really believe.”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“In business, your best is not enough without adequate knowledge of the industry, right strategies, expert advice and smart actions.”
“In effect, we know from Darwin that there are only four characteristics necessary in order to get adaptive evolution, right? If you have reproduction, variation, differential success, and an environment of limited resources, you're going to get adaptive evolution. When we set up an economic system, or a political system *it evolves*. Things evolve within it. And if we don't anticipate that what we write down in our documents about what we're trying to accomplish does not have the capacity to overwhelm whatever niche we have set up and that we will ultimately see the creatures that are supported by the environment that we created, then we will never get this right. Because we will always be fooled by our own intentions, and we will create structures that create predators of an arbitrary kind. So we need to start thinking evolutionarily, because that's the mechanism for shaping society into something of a desirable type rather than a monstrous type. [ ] So let's say we're talking about a political structure and we know we don't like corruption and we're going to set a penalty for attempting to corrupt the system. OK, now what you've done is you've built a structure in which evolution is going to explore the questions, 'What kind of corruptions are invisible?' and 'What kinds of penalties are tolerable from the point of view of discovering how to alter policy in the direction of some private interest?' Once you've set that up, if you let it run, evolutionarily it will create a genius corruptor, right? It will generate something that is capable of altering the functioning of the system without being spotted, and with being only slightly penalized -- and then you'll have no hope of confronting it, because it's going to be better at shifting policy than you will be at shifting it back. So what you have to do is, you have to build a system in which there *is no selection* that allows for this process to explore mechanisms for corrupting the system, right? You may have to turn the penalties up much higher than you would think, so that any attempt to corrupt the system is ruinous to the thing that attempts it. So the thing never evolves to the next stage, because it keeps going extinct, right? That's a system that is resistant to the evolution of corruption, but you have to understand that it's an evolutionary puzzle in the first place in order to accomplish that goal. [ ] We sort of have this idea that we inherited from the wisdom of the 50s that genes are these powerful things lurking inside of us that shift all of this stuff that we can't imagine they would have control over, and there's some truth in it. But the larger truth is that so much of what we are is built into the software layer, and the software layer is there because it is rapidly changeable. That's why evolution shifted things in that direction within humans. And we need to take advantage of that. We need to be responsible for altering things carefully in the software, intentionally, in order to solve problems and basically liberate people and make life better for as many people as possible, rather than basically throw up our hands because we are going to claim that these things live at the genetic layer and therefore what can we do?”
“In every bush lies a nest. ”
“In every level, if you realize the truth about your source, how you function, you will realize the cosmic source, how cosmos functions. If you realize the truth about how you decide at various points of your life, you will realize how cosmos decides at various points of existence. In every level, if you just understand you, you will understand the cosmos. And if you understand the cosmos, you will understand you.”
“In every remote corner of the world there are people like Carl Jones and Don Merton who have devoted their lives to saving threatened species. Very often, their determination is all that stands between an endangered species and extinction. But why do they bother? Does it really matter if the Yangtze river dolphin, or the kakapo, or the northern white rhino, or any other species live on only in scientists' notebooks? Well, yes, it does. Every animal and plant is an integral part of its environment: even Komodo dragons have a major role to play in maintaining the ecological stability of their delicate island homes. If they disappear, so could many other species. And conservation is very much in tune with our survival. Animals and plants provide us with life-saving drugs and food, they pollinate crops and provide important ingredients or many industrial processes. Ironically, it is often not the big and beautiful creatures, but the ugly and less dramatic ones, that we need most. Even so, the loss of a few species may seem irrelevant compared to major environmental problems such as global warming or the destruction of the ozone layer. But while nature has considerable resilience, there is a limit to how far that resilience can be stretched. No one knows how close to the limit we are getting. The darker it gets, the faster we're driving. There is one last reason for caring, and I believe that no other is necessary. It is certainly the reason why so many people have devoted their lives to protecting the likes of rhinos, parakeets, kakapos, and dolphins. And it is simply this: the world would be a poorer, darker, lonelier place without them.”
“In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.”
“In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.”
“In fact this type of man who is devoted to the study of wisdom is always most unlucky in everything, and particularly when it comes to procreating children; I imagine this is because Nature wants to ensure that the evil of wisdom shall not spread further throughout mankind”
“In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.”
“In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.”
“In hindu tradition, before removing the herb or root from the original plant, they will do rituals called mooligai prana pratishtha, meaning any curse or impurities on that herb, the prana pratishtha will be done in such a way that even after the root is removed, it will continue to have life in it. A dead leaf cannot heal you. Only herbs with life can heal you.”
“In hindu tradition, we know the science of making your brain grasp the whole cosmos, the whole cosmic happening.When I was developing the software for sarvajnatva (means the power to ‘know everything’), successfully I have also made many of my gurukul balasants manifest this power for a particular period of training.”
“In his attack on marginal productivity theory, Veblen observed that many people on the top rungs of the business world forgo leisure for unremitting work; yet they are not productive, because they strive after self-serving pecuniary goals that add nothing in serviceability to the community at large. Inversely, given favorable institutional conditions, scientists with the leisure to follow the play of their idle curiosity may - fortuitously - make contributions that are productive. With no eye to practicality, they do create, now and then at least, socially beneficial knowledge. Such ideal institutional conditions were not, however, something every academic man or woman could count on, as Veblen knew.”
“In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.”
“In its mythology, Mithra, the Persian god of light and wisdom, was born of a virgin in a cave on the 25th December and later, as an adult, undertook long voyages for the purposes of illuminating mankind. His disciples were twelve; he was betrayed, sentenced to death, and after his death, he was buried in a tomb from which he rose from the dead. The Mithrian religion also states that at the end of all time, Mithra will come again to judge the living and the dead. In this religious cult, Mithra was called the Saviour and he was sometimes illustrated as a lamb. Its doctrine included baptism, the sacramental meal (the Eucharist), and the belief in a saviour god that died and rose from the dead to be the mediator between God and mankind. The adherents of this religion believed in the resurrection of the body, universal judgement, and therefore in heaven and hell.”
“In leadership, life and all things it’s far wiser to judge people by their deeds than their speech - their track record rather than their talk” – Rasheed Ogunlaru”
“In life worries are the knots in the handkerchief. If we look at them with awareness, we will know how to dissolve them. We will see exactly how the worry was created and then know how to ‘untie’ it. The worry itself will teach us how to release it.”
“In life you have to learn to count the good days. You have to tuck them in your pocket and carry them around with you. So I’m putting today in my pocket and I’m off to bed.”
“In life, if you ever wish to see obstacle, just take your eyes off the goal.”
“In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.”
“In many ways, our consciousness is a trainer. A large part of its function is to train the unconscious to do things that would be impossible if the unconscious were directed purely by instinct. Animals can never change their basic instinctual repertoire, which is why all animals belong to narrow evolutionary niches. Humans, by contrast, can train themselves to do almost anything. That’s because they are conscious. With consciousness, they can plan new activities entirely unknown to instinct. That’s why humans escaped from their original niche and became the masters of the earth, able to dominate the niches of all other species. Consciousness overcomes instinct. That’s the point of consciousness. If we couldn’t break from instinct, we would still be living in the trees, or in caves, and scarcely be any different from apes. Consciousness is the greatest power in the animal universe, because it can allow any animal that becomes conscious to transform its destiny. Only humans have. Why did Neanderthals (Homo neanderthalensis) go extinct and Homo sapiens didn’t? Was it because the latter became conscious and the former didn’t? The latter were able to solve problems that the former could not. Leibniz said, “… it is the knowledge of necessary and eternal truths that distinguishes us from the mere animals and gives us Reason and the sciences, raising us to the knowledge of ourselves and of God.” You cannot do systematic reasoning unless you have a mind space in which to conduct it. You need a space where you can deal with relations of ideas, truths of reason, universals, holism, coherence, pure logic, and so on.”
“In meditation we discover our inherent restlessness. Sometimes we get up and leave. Sometimes we sit there but our bodies wiggle and squirm and our minds go far away. This can be so uncomfortable that we feel’s it’s impossible to stay. Yet this feeling can teach us not just about ourselves but what it is to be human…we really don’t want to stay with the nakedness of our present experience. It goes against the grain to stay present. These are the times when only gentleness and a sense of humor can give us the strength to settle down…so whenever we wander off, we gently encourage ourselves to “stay” and settle down. Are we experiencing restlessness? Stay! Are fear and loathing out of control? Stay! Aching knees and throbbing back? Stay! What’s for lunch? Stay! I can’t stand this another minute! Stay!”
“In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.”
“In my experience, it is always worth it to find the love that lives inside you. No matter how deep you have to dig sometimes.”
“In my opinion, it was chiefly owing to their deep contemplation in their silent retreats in the days of youth that the old Indian orators acquired the habit of carefully arranging their thoughts. They listened to the warbling of birds and noted the grandeur and the beauties of the forest. The majestic clouds—which appear like mountains of granite floating in the air—the golden tints of a summer evening sky, and the changes of nature, possessed a mysterious significance. All of this combined to furnish ample matter for reflection to the contemplating youth.”
“In my personal life, learning more about my inner workings has given me confirmation that there are higher sources of power that exists among us. And because we are created in the energetic and spiritual image of them, we can experience nourishment and growth on their level of existence as well.”
“In mysticism, knowledge cannot be separated from a certain way of life which becomes its living manifestation. To acquire mystical knowledge means to undergo a transformation; one could even say that the knowledge is the transformation. Scientific knowledge, on the other hand, can often stay abstract and theoretical. Thus most of today’s physicists do not seem to realize the philosophical, cultural and spiritual implications of their theories.”
“In order for a plant to grow you must water it, and I believe in order for our human consciousness to evolve we must water ourselves with knowledge.”
“In order to be really good as a librarian, everything counts towards your work, every play you go see, every concert you hear, every trip you take, everything you read, everything you know. I don’t know of another occupation like that. The more you know, the better you’re going to be.”
“In order to exert influence over people, there were other things that could be used besides love. Knowledge seemed to be an equally strong force, perhaps even stronger. Whoever possessed knowledge not only had power over the changeable passions of people, but also power over their thinking, over their minds, hearts and souls.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“In order to resist fear and discouragement, it is necessary that through prayer - through a personal experience of God re-encountered, recognized and loved in prayer - we taste and see how good the Lord is (Psalm 34).”
“In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn.”
“In order to survive, a plurality of true communities would require not egalitarianism and tolerance but knowledge, an understanding of the necessity of local differences, and respect. Respect, I think, always implies imagination - the ability to see one another, across our inevitable differences, as living souls. (pg. 181, Sex, Economy, Freedom, and Community)”
“In order to survive, children come to their own understanding of their place in their world. It looks as if children are limited in what they are conscious of, but they comprehend very quickly the intention of adults and the trust given to them, better and more precisely than adults themselves do.”
“In our reasonings concerning matter of fact, there are all imaginable degrees of assurance, from the highest certainty to the lowest species of moral evidence. A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence .”
“In our society the elderly are regarded as biodegradable and superfluous, instead of what they really represent: a biological elite who, with weathered wisom, have much to offer the world.”
“In our third-dimensional world on Earth alone you have a rough estimate of around seven billion humans, however half of that population are just illusion that are created, [1] and the other half is a part of each of the Twelve Omnipotent beings.” [2]”
“In our world, our actions have an impact on others, so assuming that you understand something you don't becomes an ethical issue more than an intellectual one. There is a danger and maybe even a violence to the belief that you know something or someone completely, when you do not, and will not, and cannot. Knowledge does not allow you to understand the world. Knowledge dispels the illusion that you understand the world.”
“In presence of the moon nobody sees stars.”
“In science we may start with experimental results, data, observations, measurements, ‘facts’. We invent, if we can, a rich array of possible explanations and systematically confront each explanation with the facts.”
“In science, mistakes always precede the truth.”
“In search of Truth the hopeful zealot goes, But all the sadder tums, the more he knows!”
“In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.”
“In short, such and so many are the Savior’s achievements that follow from His Incarnation, that to try to number them is like gazing at the open sea and trying to count the waves. One cannot see all the waves with one’s eyes, for when one tries to do so those that are following on baffle one’s senses. Even so, when one wants to take in all the achievements of Christ in the body, one cannot do so, even by reckoning them up, for the things that transcend one’s thought are always more than those one thinks that one has grasped. As we cannot speak adequately about even a part of His work, therefore, it will be better for us not to speak about it as a whole. So we will mention but one thing more, and then leave the whole for you to marvel at. For, indeed, everything about it is marvelous, and wherever a man turns his gaze he sees the Godhead of the Word and is smitten with awe.”
“In solitude, brilliance unfurls”
“In suffocating the voice of conscience, passion carries with itself a restlessness of the body and the senses: it is the restlessness of the "external man." When the internal man has been reduced to silence, then passion, once it has been given freedom of action, so to speak, exhibits itself as an insistent tendency to satisfy the senses and the body.”
“In that case, on behalf of Earthlife, I urge that, with full knowledge of our limitations, we vastly increase our knowledge of the Solar System and then begin to settle other worlds.”
“In the Adaptive Markets framework, complexity means we don't have a good narrative for the system. The solution is obvious: we need to get smarter. Complexity can sometimes be reduced by developing a deeper understanding of the underlying structure of the system. For example, now that we understand the potential for liquidity spirals in statarb portfolios, thanks to August 2007, we can better prepare for them. But the Adaptive Markets framework points to a second problem with complexity, which is the potential divisiveness of special knowledge and the potential for conflict. If the financial system becomes so complex that only a small number of elites truly understand its function and proper maintenance, this knowledge divides the population into those who know and those who don't. Of course, this situation arises with any piece of unique information - I know how to make scallion pancakes in a particular way so they're crispy on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside, and you probably don't. But that piece of knowledge is hardly worth keeping a secret, and the fact that you don't have that knowledge isn't going to get you too upset. But suppose I know how to cure diabetes and you don't. Or I know how to prevent cancer by avoiding certain common foods and you don't. Or I know how to price mortgage-backed securities and credit default swaps and you don't. In these cases, the knowledge I possess confers a certain power and status to me. Complexity creates the need for better narratives and those who have those narratives will become the high priests of complex systems, the gatekeepers of critical, life-altering knowledge. And the difficulty in joining the priesthood - earning an MD/Ph.D. in molecular biology and having twenty year of work experience at biotech and pharmaceutical companies, in the case of curing diabetes - coupled with the societal values of the special knowledge will determine the divisiveness of this elitism.”
“In the Black World, the Preacher and Teacher embodied once the ideals of this people—the strife for another and a juster world, the vague dream of righteousness, the mystery of knowing; but to-day the danger is that these ideals, with their simple beauty and weird inspiration, will suddenly sink to a question of cash and a lust for gold . What if the Negro people be wooed from a strife for righteousness, from a love of knowing, to regard dollars as the be-all and end-all of life? What if to the Mammonism of America be added the rising Mammonism of the re-born South, and the Mammonism of this South be reinforced by the budding Mammonism of its half-wakened black millions? Whither, then, is the new-world quest of Goodness and Beauty and Truth gone glimmering?”
“In the absence of a lover,I was satisfied to make love to my own melancholy”
“In the ancient world the higher forms of knowledge were supra-individual: the sacred books of the Hindus, for example, have no author, are not expected to have had an author, and this fact is not considered to present any problems for the Hindu mind. In the West, this simply would not do—we must know the author, and it must be demonstrably proven that authorship is correctly attributed. There is no better illustration than this of the difference between an individualist, rationalist approach to knowledge and one that is supra-individual and supra-rational one. The East has retained the latter, while the West has settled inflexibly into the former.”
“In the beginning.. when ray and day hadn't yet come into existence at all, there was a kind of radiance that illuminates universe. That radiance is the light of knowledge and goodness. That radiance will persistently and consistently shines brightly even after all the stars and moons in this vast universe died out.”
“In the dark , everything is scary”
“In the dark silence, in the void of all sensation, something began to know it. Very dimly at first, from immeasurably far away, but gradually the presence approached. The dimness of that other knowledge grew brighter  ”
“In the endeavor to establish a difficult habit, for example, mere wishing will never carry it to a successful conclusion; our wishing must rise to the level of WANTING if this goal is to be achieved.”
“In the greater scheme of things, it is a blessing, and a bliss to have deeper knowledge of things, and deeper understanding of things.”
“In the heartfelt mercy of our God, the dawn from on high will visit us, to shine on those sitting in darkness, in the shadow of death, to guide our feet to the way of peace.”
“In the hearts of men lies both good and evil. The two coexist. Some men become good, and others become evil. It is the way of this world. -Kikyo”
“In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.”
“In the long run what people think about shepherds and bakers becomes more important for them than their own destinies.”
“In the multitude of wisdom is grief, and they that increaseth wisdom, increaseth sorrow.”
“In the natural sciences, and particularly in chemistry, generalities must come after the detailed knowledge of each fact and not before it.”
“In the new century science will defeat famine, boredom, and the plague, but . . . vital knowledge will become so elevated that nobody will know how anything works. . . . the good news is that everybody will be empowered; the bad news is nobody will understand why.”
“In the old days, even the most inconsequential people were impressive. You don't hear such stories these days, do you?”
“In the process of letting go you will lose many things from the past, but you will find yourself.”
“In the pursuit of knowledge, seek wisdom. Knowledge can be ephemeral but wisdom is eternal.”
“In the realm of learning, curiosity is the compass that leads us to new horizons.”
“In the university of life, no one ever graduates because learning is a never-ending process with no summer breaks.”
“In the windowpane I caught a glimpse of myself: fat, badly-dressed, the seams on my skirt about to burst, my hair in need of a trim, my shoes run down at the heels, yet for once I didn't give a damn. I thought of how anxious I had been about this city, its intimidating chic, its hostile shopkeepers, Simone de Beauvoir's opinion of me, my clothes, my hairdo, my weight, my inability to speak the language properly. " Bonjour, Madame, " I said to the proprietor in my fractured French. " Deux litres du lait, s'il vous plait. " Why do we always worry about the wrong things, I wondered?”
“In these times where it has seemed dark indeed where integrity appears solely buried in legend and lore, it is an opportunity in contrast to the shadows, to create miracles  by choosing first courage, then diligence, standing, opening our mouth and speaking the truth that in rare moments, may ignite the light.”
“In this digital age if you are not smart enough to take your steps then you can go to jail for anything”
“In what world To live? What love To give? Is it worthy? Or will it break My heart? Everyone Seems to be Secretly evil And to try To disguise The truth With lies; It’s disappointing But still I see Something different In you; I find hope And I fall In love”
“In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.”
“In your actions, don't procrastinate. In your conversations, don't confuse. In your thoughts, don't wander. In your soul, don't be passive or aggressive. In your life, don't be all about business.”
“In your exploration, observe, analyse, reflect, and beware.”
“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
“In youth, it was a way I had, To do my best to please. And change, with every passing lad To suit his theories. But now I know the things I know And do the things I do, And if you do not like me so, To hell, my love, with you.”
“Inaction takes toll of your knowledge and reason too. Knowing what to do is one thing and implementing it to weed out your flaws is altogether a different ball game.”
“Inception is true.”
“Incredibly intelligent people always seem odd to those who are not as sharp.”
“Indeed if fish had fish-lore and Wise-fish, it is probable that the business of anglers would be very little hindered.”
“Indeed, a culture of scientism helps produce a culture that also rejects genuine scientific authority. The scientism studied in these pages, by falsely trading on an authority it does not wield, helps to sow a wider skepticism and cynicism about the 'elite' voices of scientists as such. A disturbing increase in science denial (e.g. conspiracy theorists, anti-vaxxers, climate change deniers) is in a mutually supporting dialectic with the absolute scientism of a Pinker or a Dawkins. Although they have not yet realized it, figures like Pinker and Dawkins, far from defending science, undermine it by overpromising and exaggerating its authority. Ultra-Darwinists and biblical literalists are dance partners”
“Indeed, in the creation of the heavens and the earth, and the alternation of the night and the day, and the [great] ships which sail through the sea with that which benefits people, and what Allah has sent down from the heavens of rain, giving life thereby to the earth after its lifelessness and dispersing therein every [kind of] moving creature, and [His] directing of the winds and the clouds controlled between the heaven and earth are signs for a people who use reason.”
“Indeed, the strength of social pressure is one of the greatest forces in the world. The only force that is stronger is the individual will.”
“Independence is the recognition of the fact that yours is the responsibility of judgment and nothing can help you escape it—that no substitute can do your thinking—that the vilest form of self-abasement and self-destruction is the subordination of your mind to the mind of another, the acceptance of an authority over your brain, the acceptance of his assertions as facts, his say-so as truth, his edicts as middle-man between your consciousness and your existence.”
“Individual humans know embarrassingly little about the world, and as history progressed, they came to know less and less. A hunter-gatherer in the Stone Age knew how to make her own clothes, how to start a fire, how to hunt rabbits and how to escape lions. We think we know far more today, but as individuals, we actually know far less. We rely on the expertise of others for almost all our needs. In one humbling experiment, people were asked to evaluate how well they understood the workings of an ordinary zip. Most people confidently replied that they understood them very well - after all, they use zips all the time. They were then asked to describe in as much detail as possible all the steps involved in the zip's operation. Most had no idea. This is what Steven Sloman and Philip Fernbach have termed 'the knowledge illusion'. We think we know a lot, even though individually we know very little, because we treat knowledge in the minds of others as if it were our own.”
“Indulging unhealthy behavior at the expense of yourself is misguided and dysfunctional. To help, allow or condone this contraction without discernment requires denying a truth about the inner and outer reality of your circumstances. In this way, everyone involved (the abettor and the receiver) are always disempowered and damaged by enabling.”
“Inexperience people think that books will lead the one of intellect to understanding. But the ignoramus doesn't know that in these books are ambiguos that will confuse even the most intelligent of people. If you try to learn this knowledge without a teacher you will go astray and affairs will become so confusing to you that you will be more astray than Toma*, the physician. *توما الحكيم”
“Information freedom is the freedom to access, participate in, understand and benefit from knowledge creation. This includes access to raw data, transparent auditing processes which include both elite knowledge and complete and immediate feedback from user groups and anyone else impacted, and interpretation which flows directly from the audit without interference from coercive manipulation.”
“Information is not knowledge.”
“Information isn't education. Information comes from outside, education comes from inside.”
“Inna Sacred Globe, Light Inna Gift Heralds The Time's Passage”
“Inside you, there is an Eagle (courage to face the unknown) and a Serpent (knowledge). Both should grow equally. If the Eagle grows more, you become a wandering ascetic. If the Serpent grows more, you become a philosopher. When they grow equally, one day the Eagle flies away with the Serpent. Then only the Enlightened being remains for whom there is nothing known or unknown.”
“Instead of days like Valentine’s Day, we ought to have days such as the day on which we would commemorate those ancestors of ours from whose deaths we have learned, for example, that something is not safe for us to eat.”
“Instead of teaching kids to memorize the answers to predetermined questions, we must inspire them to come up with their own questions.”
“Insults sting but a little when they stem from a man's ignorance.”
“Integrity is the lifeblood of democracy. Deceit is a poison in its veins.”
“Integrity must always be seen in action and never in question.”
“Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.”
“Intellect takes you to the door, but it doesn't take you into the house.”
“Intellect, you see, is not the same as spirituality. While spirituality makes you humble, intellect without sensitivity just makes you snobbish and egoistic.”
“Intelligence alone is not nearly enough when it comes to acting wisely.”
“Intelligence and wisdom are certainly compatible, however they are rarely seen in each other’s company.”
“Intelligence arouses fear and respect, the lack of it keeps one on the narrow minded road of disrespect, stupidity and inferiority complex.”
“Intelligence can get you from A to B, but curiosity will get you through infinity.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“Intelligent people speak less and speak only when needed.”
“Intense life positivity, intense life positivity, intense life positivity, with tremendous love, activism, life. If you want health, use the body intensely, continuously, everyday. You will be healthy. If you want peace, keep your mind intensely active. Contribute to the world with intense love. You will have peace.”
“Interpretations of interpretations interpreted.”
“Interviewer: Didn't Sagan want to believe? Druyan: he didn't want to believe. he wanted to know.”
“Intimacy could distort one's vantage, that much was true. Sometimes trying to see the whole of a person could be like describing a painting with your nose pressed to the canvas, though my husband would have argued that I hadn't wanted to see from a different angle, hadn't wanted to step back.”
“Invariably, knowledge dictates life, liberty, and death, but those who have historically occupied the seats of power not only dictate what is defined as knowledge but also dictate what’s included, what’s excluded, and how it is filtered to society vis-à-vis America’s major institutions . . . particularly the educational system; ultimately, shaping the very essence of life.”
“Is God the ultimate mystery (non-answer), or the ultimate answer? If you can’t understand God, why would you worship him? You have, by your admission, no idea what you are worshiping. In fact, it’s clear from the history of Abrahamism that billions of people have worshiped the Devil and called him God. They would of course not have made this fatal error if they had understood God.”
“Is it not by learning to read the book of nature with the eyes of faith that we come to recognize the drop of divinity that resides in our own souls though hidden, master? In the end is this not faith; to seek the light that takes us further, the light of Christ that brings that to which reason and knowledge alone can never raise itself? This is truth!”
“Is it not knowledge that doth alone clear the mind of all perbutations?”
“Is it possible that the purpose of all things random is to show us that nothing really is?”
“Is it possible to have an enjoyable real estate buying or selling experience? With the education, with the details, with can come up, you will have a better sense of everything going down.”
“Is it so far from madness to wisdom?" - Daenerys Targaryen”
“Is knowledge the birth of ignorance?”
“Is knowledge the start of our ignorance within society?”
“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”
“Is there a difference between happiness and inner peace? Yes. Happiness depends on conditions being perceived as positive; inner peace does not.”
“Is your only goal to attract numbers for popularity or attract people for engagement? Stop treating people like numbers. Engage to grow your connections, not just to grow your numbers.”
“Isn't that what the process of making the art is for, to reveal yourself who you truly are? Let the blank page whisper to you.”
“Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment? We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.” Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it? Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves! Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go! Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it. I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.”
“Isn’t that wonderful? That feeling of not knowing too much about something… Incomplete information… Endless possibilities… When you don’t know much about something, it’s the most exciting sensation. -Kutsnetz in TALUS”
“It Hurts It Kills It Teaches  It Thrills “IT” Is LIFE !”
“It [the rational principle] shuts off the human ego from the living meaning in the outer world, which it is for ever 'murdering to dissect', and encloses the same ego in the network of its own, now abstract, thoughts. And it is just in the course of that very shutting off that the ego itself stirs and awakes to conscious existence. Yet, having awoken, it is as helpless as any other new-born thing without the life of the mother-Nature from which it sprang. Let the weaning be followed too soon by separation, and the wailing creature perishes of cold. Such a separation, a separation of consciousness from the real world, is today only too conspicuous alike in philosophy, science, literature, and normal experience. Isolated thus, suspended, as it were, in vacuo, and hermetically sealed from truth and life, not only the proper name, but the very ego itself, of which that is but the symbol, pines and dwindles away before our eyes to a thin nothing--a mere inductive abstraction from tabulated card-indexed behaviour, whose causes lie elsewhere. Nor is there any remedy for this state of affairs but that experience of truth, or identification of the self with the meaning of Life, which is both poetry and knowledge.”
“It all revolved around me. Everything I did was centered around my life, my goals, my plan, and my agenda. Even when I went to Bible studies or church, I did so in order to acquire new knowledge and friendships that would benefit me, help me do better, and make me feel better about myself. They said a Christian is someone who has deposed themselves from the throne of their lives and placed God there; a Christian is someone who has placed God at the center and the foundation of their lives.”
“It can be difficult to leave a long-term relationship, even when our inner-wisdom tells us it's time to let go. At this point, we can choose let go and endure the intense pain of leaving behind the familiar to make way for a new chapter in our life. Or we can stay and suffer a low-grade pain that slowly eats away at our heart and soul, like an emotional cancer. Until we wake up, one day and realize, we are buried so deep in the dysfunction of the relationship that we scarcely remember who we were and what we wanted and needed to be.”
“It didn't ultimately matter if knowledge came from friend or foe, it was important only to gain it and use it well.”
“It does no harm to the romance of the sunset to know a little about it.”
“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
“It does not matter where you go and what you study, what matters most is what you share with yourself and the world.”
“It does not take much to make us realize what fools we are, but the little it takes is long in coming.”
“It doesn't hurt if I don't know the truth, what hurts is that I know is not the truth.”
“It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway.”
“It doesn't matter what you think about consciousness, higher truths, or different dimensions - it's what you do and what you are that counts.”
“It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.”
“It don't do you no nevermind to tell nobody nothing.”
“It feels like what I know could fit in my hand and everything I don't know would fill the house.”
“It has become fashionable to speak of the Enlightenment as an idiosyncratic construction by European males in a bygone era, one way of thinking among many different constructions generated across time by a legion of other minds in other cultures, each of which deserves careful and respectful attention. To which the only decent response is yes, of course - to a point. Creative thought is forever precious, and all knowledge has value. But what counts most in the long haul of history is seminality, not sentiment. If we ask whose ideas were the seeds of the dominant ethic and shared hopes of contemporary humanity, whose resulted in the most material advancement in history, whose were the first of their kind and today enjoy the most emulation, then in that sense the Enlightenment, despite the erosion of its original vision and despite the shakiness of some of its premises, has been the principal inspiration not just of Western high culture but, increasingly, of the entire world.”
“It has been granted to you to understand that the heavenly light of unceasing interior prayer is attained neither by the wisdom of this world, nor by the mere outward desire of knowledge, but that on the contrary it is found in poverty of spirit and in active experience in simplicity of heart.”
“It is a common sentence that knowledge is power; but who hath duly considered or set forth the power of ignorance? Knowledge slowly builds up what ignorance in an hour pulls down.”
“It is a disaster that wisdom forbids you to be satisfied with yourself and always sends you away dissatisfied and fearful, whereas stubbornness and foolhardiness fill their hosts with joy and assurance.”
“It is a fool of a shepherd who culls his dogs.”
“It is a great experience to be a monk to give up the fake life and embrace the real life.”
“It is a human instinct to feel uncomfortable about eating when we cannot see our food, it is a shame however that we dont get a similar warning when we consume previously unknown information with pathways which we cannot fully trace to its origin or intended destination.”
“It is a mistake not to know any foreign language, and infinitely worse to have only a superficial knowledge of a foreign language.”
“It is a paradox, then, that while we insist on the sovereignty of individual choice in all that we do and buy as fundamental to our idea of democracy, we have all but expunged the claims of judgment as such. It is symptomatic of our politically correct sensitivities that the idea of choice has almost replaced the idea of discrimination, a word that has entirely negative connotations today. To be discriminating used to mean to be capable of exercising judgment—to be wise, in fact. It implied that one understood the world and could discern the difference between things. We can hardly use “discrimination” in this way anymore, because the idea of discrimination is now inextricably linked to the idea of rejection and exclusion (whether on racial, sexual, or other grounds).”
“It is a queer thing. In a time of great need, when powerful leadership is demanded, the people—confused and excited—hear only the strident voices of the audacious, and refuse to listen to the voice of wisdom which, being wise, is temperate.”
“It is a sad day when I am forced to yet again traverse the bottom of some cliff and help heal the wreckage experienced by those individuals who had repeatedly declared that there was no cliff. And as for me, I have had far too many sad days. But none are ever so sad that I will stop declaring the reality of the cliff.”
“It is a sad truth that those who crave and seek power, invariably abuse that power once they obtain it.”
“It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.”
“It is a wonder that anyone sees this, and a wonder that anyone else speaks it, and a wonder that yet another hears it. Yet even when they've heard it, no one knows it at all.”
“It is always good remembering we are not as divided as it appears and that the reason why we are different is companionship, friendship, love.”
“It is always those with an evil heart. Who forces to be loved and accepted for who they are? Meanwhile, they enjoy hurting other people. They are always sensitive and always playing victims. Pathological liars, who don't care about others and others' feelings, but themselves. Wolves In a sheep skin who are making it hard for other people to be believed”
“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.”
“It is an infantile superstition of the human spirit that virginity would be thought a virtue and not the barrier that separates ignorance from knowledge.”
“It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it.”
“It is because of its emptiness that the cup is useful.”
“It is better to have a knowledgeable and educated leader for a short time, than an idiot for a long period.”
“It is better to learn an not use your knowledge than to be ignorant on the day knowledge is critically required.”
“It is better to listen to a crow that lives in trees than to a learned man who lives only in ideas.”
“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”
“It is born in mind that the tragedy of life does not lie in not reaching the goal. The tragedy of life lies in having no goal to reach.”
“It is by now proverbial that every proverb has its opposite. For every Time is money there is a Stop and smell the roses . When someone says You never stand in the same river twice someone else has already replied There is nothing new under the sun . In the mind's arithmetic, 1 plus -1 equals 2. Truths are not quantities but scripts: Become for a moment the mind in which this is true .”
“It is cruel that we are granted the desire to know, but denied the time to do so properly. We all die frustrated; it is the greatest lesson we have to learn.”
“It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.”
“It is easy to be wise after the event.”
“It is easy to understand that in the dreary middle ages the Aristotelian logic would be very acceptable to the controversial spirit of the schoolmen, which, in the absence of all real knowledge, spent its energy upon mere formulas and words, and that it would be eagerly adopted even in its mutilated Arabian form, and presently established as the centre of all knowledge.”
“It is extremely disturbing to live in a society that sees older people as a burden rather than rich experiences to benefit from and build upon. Older people can act as the memory that can help us make sense of what was, what is, and what could and should be. I see that in the U.S. older people are not only made invisible in a culture obsessed with youth and superficial physical appearances, but often their insights, experiences, and perspectives are dismissed as ‘nostalgic’ or as outright ‘ignorant’ using the ‘generational gap’ as a pretext.”
“It is far easier to concentrate power than to concentrate knowledge. That is why so much social engineering backfires and why so many despots have led their countries into disasters.”
“It is high time for the living to get tough, for toughness is indispensable in the struggle to safeguard and develop the life-force; this will not detract from their goodness, as long as they stand courageously by the truth. There is ground for hope in the fact that among millions of decent, hard-working people there are only a few plague-ridden individuals, who do untold harm by appealing to the dark, dangerous drives of the armored average man and mobilizing him for political murder. There is but one antidote to the average man's predisposition to plague: his own feelings for true life. The life force does not seek power but demands only to play its full and acknowledged part in human affairs. It manifests itself through love, work and knowledge.”
“It is imperative to think of the task of decolonizing knowledge production as inseparable from every other aspect of our lives. It must be applied to the smallest and most hidden details of life, including but not limited to decolonizing romantic relationships (stop seeing beauty only in whiteness, blue eyes, and blond hair); decolonizing social connections (stop believing that there is more value in socially connecting and networking with powerful people who often happen to be Westerners); decolonizing the workplace (stop believing that expertise, management and power are embodied in Western individuals); decolonize our hobbies and activities (don’t do things or enjoy activities promoted and imposed on us by the West such as going to the beach or wasting one’s life watching TV or Netflix); decolonize travel destinations (shatter the illusion that nowhere is more worth seeing that Europe, or that traveling around Europe equals ‘seeing’ the world). We need to seek and discover new destinations, peoples, and cultures to travel to and learn about and from.”
“It is important to know the stories and histories of things, even if all we know is that we don't know.”
“It is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree -- make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves/details or there is nothing for them to hang on to.”
“It is like the thirsty traveller who at first sincerely sought the water of knowledge, but who later, having found it plain perhaps, proceeded to temper his cup with the salt of doubt so that his thirst now becomes insatiable though he drinks incessantly, and that in thus drinking the water that cannot slake his thirst, he has forgotten the original and true purpose for which the water was sought.”
“It is like this: Some people care deeply but they don't know how to say it; then some people say words to make it seem like they care deeply, but in reality they don't. Some people care deeply only in the moment, like seeds which last in the soil for three days until dying out; and others can't see the moments, but their roots do run deep. Some people can imitate what it looks like to care deeply and they can fabricate that for a while though they never did feel anything on the inside of them; while others are incapable of showing outwardly how they feel on the inside, it is a monster they struggle with, their feelings so strong they cannot even let those beasts out of their cages, they fear their own creatures! Some people care deeply here, and over there, and all over the place, you never really know where they belong because they seem to belong to everyone and to everything; while others don't care about anybody but you can see where they belong, who they belong to, there is always this one person or those two people and small places. Some people belong to themselves only and if you want to be a part of their lives, you'll have to become a part of them and after you do, they will never leave you because you are inside of their bones now; while others don't even know who they are or where they're going and if you belong to someone like that, you could be here today and gone tomorrow! Some people don't care and don't act like they care and we don't believe them until they make us believe them; while others care and they act like they care and we don't believe them until it's too late. We are often wounded and torn, because we never know which kind of a person they are until we are either wounded and torn, or until we have found a home. It's either or, always either or, and neither of these outcomes are easy ones because either one will change your life.”
“It is like this: there is a continuous current of chatter happening in you twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. From this current a few spikes rise. These spikes are what you feel and express as worries. Worries are nothing but spikes in the current of thoughts constantly moving within you.”
“It is man's unique privilege, among all other organisms. By pursuing falsehood you will arrive at the truth!”
“It is much better to die of hunger unhindered by grief and fear than to live affluently beset with worry, dread, suspicion and unchecked desire.”
“It is my belief no man ever understands quite his own artful dodges to escape from the grim shadow of self-knowledge.”
“It is my belief that we Americans, geographically isolated as we are, tend to be perhaps not as knowledgeable about other cultures as we might be. This is regrettable. Since we are the sole remaining superpower, it is desirable that we know something about the rest of the world, because otherwise, when we take over different parts of the world, how will we know how good we did?”
“It is not Sufism if it does not perform its function for you. A cloak is no longer a cloak if it does not keep a man warm.”
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”
“It is not a race to closing. This is about looking after the best interests of every touchpoint of a real estate transaction.”
“It is not blasphemous to say this world is vast, that much of its history remains shrouded. There are things God set beyond our understanding.”
“It is not enough to show how clever we are by showing how obscure everything is".”
“It is not our right to punish one for thinking as he does, no matter how much we disagree.”
“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
“It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.”
“It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.”
“It is not the victory of science that distinguishes our nineteenth century, but the victory of scientific method over science.”
“It is not until you change your identity to match your life blueprint that you will understand why everything in the past never worked.”
“It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.”
“It is of the greatest important in this world that a man should know himself, and the measure of his own strength and means; and he who knows that he has not a genius for fighting must learn how to govern by the arts of peace.”
“It is one thing to be clever and another to be wise.”
“It is only by examining a book that we can ascertain what words it contains.”
“It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.”
“It is only the brave who win life’s rewards. Those who don’t overcome their fears are destined to fail at even the least things.”
“It is possible to be confident and still practice humility. Be confident in the success of the teachable, sure in the power & grace of That which supports you.”
“It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves”
“It is said that to know you do not know is the beginning of wisdom. But that does not mean that to not know is the end of wisdom.”
“It is said there are flowers that bloom only once in a hundred years. Why should there not be some that bloom once in a thousand, in ten thousand years? Perhaps we never know about them simply because this "once in a thousand years" has come today.”
“It is sometimes easier to be happy if you don't know everything.”
“It is strange how often a heart must be broken Before the years can make it wise.”
“It is the absence of facts that frightens people: the gap you open, into which they pour their fears, fantasies, desires.”
“It is the business of man to become acquainted with the material universe in all of its manifestations, so far as may be possible, in order to provide a foundation of knowledge on which the reasoning mind of man may increasingly build.”
“It is the destiny of the weak to be devoured by the strong.”
“It is the effects on the world of successful active germ-line replicators that we see as adaptations.”
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.”
“It is the part of a wise man, I say, to refresh and restore himself in moderation with pleasant food and drink, with scents, with the beauty of green plants, with decoration, music, sports, the theater, and other things of this kind, which anyone can use without injury to another.”
“It is the public schools, however, which can be made, outside the homes, the greatest means of training decent self-respecting citizens. We have been so hotly engaged recently in discussing trade-schools and the higher education that the pitiable plight of the public-school system in the South has almost dropped from view. Of every five dollars spent for public education in the State of Georgia, the white schools get four dollars and the Negro one dollar; and even then the white public-school system, save in the cities, is bad and cries for reform. If this is true of the whites, what of the blacks? I am becoming more and more convinced, as I look upon the system of common-school training in the South, that the national government must soon step in and aid popular education in some way. To-day it has been only by the most strenuous efforts on the part of the thinking men of the South that the Negro’s share of the school fund has not been cut down to a pittance in some half-dozen States; and that movement not only is not dead, but in many communities is gaining strength. What in the name of reason does this nation expect of a people, poorly trained and hard pressed in severe economic competition, without political rights, and with ludicrously inadequate common-school facilities? What can it expect but crime and listlessness, offset here and there by the dogged struggles of the fortunate and more determined who are themselves buoyed by the hope that in due time the country will come to its senses?”
“It is those who cannot defend their argument who seek to silence those who can.”
“It is true that in the absence of information, people tend to assume the worse. But I believe that even in the presence of information, people still refuse to read.”
“It is true, there could be a metaphysical world; the absolute possibility of it is hardly to be disputed. We behold all things through the human head and cannot cut off this head; while the question nonetheless remains what of the world would still be there if one had cut it off.”
“It is true. They have your brains. If this is not the ultimate injustice against you what is? All justice falls apart when those that "do" justice are unjust themselves. And they have developed machines that corrupt this system too.”
“It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget and heap past wrongs upon innocent generations.”
“It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.”
“It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.”
“It is very easy to write a book and very easy to publish a book these days. It is also very easy to get it up on Amazon. However, it is not as easy to write a good book and it is not as easy to write an authentic and authoritative book.”
“It is very hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're only a Very Small Animal." Rabbit, who had begun to write very busily, looked up and said: "It is because you are a very small animal that you will be Useful in the adventure before us.”
“It is what we Don't Do that matters." - The Power of Emptiness”
“It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up ”
“It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses.”
“It is worth remembering one of the important lessons of the Buck story: a small number of zealous advocates can have an impact on the law that defies both science and conventional wisdom.”
“It is, therefore, a great source of virtue for the practiced mind to learn, bit by bit, first to change about in visible and transitory things, so that afterwards it may be possible to leave them behind altogether. The man who finds his homeland sweet is still a tender beginner; he to whom every soil is as his native one is already strong; but he is perfect to whom the entire world is as a foreign land. The tender soul has fixed his love on one spot in the world; the strong man has extended his love to all places; the perfect man has extinguished his. From boyhood I have dwelt on foreign soil and I know with what grief sometimes the mind takes leave of the narrow hearth of a peasant's hut, and I know too how frankly it afterwards disdains marble firesides and panelled halls.”
“It makes no difference whether the appeal is to numbers or to one. The faith that stands on authority is not faith.”
“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours ”
“It may have something to do with intelligence, but I am certain it has nothing to do with knowledge - I mean that there are people who have an instinctive yet perfect moral judgment, who can perform the most complex ethical calculations as Indian peasants can sometimes perform astounding mathematical feats in a matter of seconds. Lily was such a person. And I craved her approval.”
“It means nothing if I say yes or no. If I say yes, you cannot verify it, if I say no, you are none the wiser. You have no business to believe me. I ask you to believe nothing that you cannot verify for yourself.”
“It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.”
“It seems that a profound, impartial, and absolutely just opinion of our fellow-creatures is utterly unknown. Either we are men, or we are women. Either we are cold, or we are sentimental. Either we are young, or growing old. In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows. And why, if this -- and much more than this is true -- why are we yet surprised in the window corner by a sudden vision that the young man in the chair is of all things in the world the most real, the most solid, the best known to us--why indeed? For the moment after we know nothing about him. Such is the manner of our seeing. Such the conditions of our love.”
“It seems wisest to assume the worst from the beginning and let anything better come as a surprise.”
“It takes 43 muscles to frown and 3 to raise the middle finger.”
“It takes a great man to be a good listener.”
“It takes a lot of rehearsing for a man to be himself.”
“It takes a very long time to become young.”
“It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.”
“It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important. ”
“It took me being a clan head to see that fools are just people suffering from stupidity and are in need of help.”
“It was better to know the worst than to wonder.”
“It was his nature to believe anything, before he would believe he could be wrong.”
“It was instantly clear what he was doing. He was contemplating life. He was hanging out. It was quite obvious. Or rather, the temptation to find it quite obvious was absolutely overwhelming. They look like humans, they move like humans, they hold things in their fingers like humans, the expressions which play across their faces and in their intensely human-looking eyes are expressions that we instinctively feel we recognize as human expressions. We look them in the face and we think, “We know what they’re like,” but we don’t. Or rather, we actually block off any possible glimmering of understanding of what they may be like by making easy and tempting assumptions.”
“It was not curiosity that killed the goose who laid the golden egg, but an insatiable greed that devoured common sense.”
“It was strange how she found out, One moment she didn't know; the next minute she did. One moment her mind was as blank as the desert; the next minute the snake of suspicion had slithered into her thoughts and raised its poisonous head.”
“It was then that he knew their wills were removed and replaced with his.”
“It was to equally little purpose that you obtained against Galileo a decree from Rome condemning his opinion respecting the motion of the earth. It will never be proved by such an argument as this that the earth remains stationary; and if it can be demonstrated by sure observation that it is the earth and not the sun that revolves, the efforts and arguments of all mankind put together will not hinder our planet from revolving, nor hinder themselves from revolving along with her.”
“It was very learned, but it didn't actually say anything.”
“It wasn't science and technology that cause a slow progress, but collective knowledge of the society and market demands.”
“It would be a mistake, though, to consider care by family doctors or midwives inferior to that offered by obstetricians simply on the grounds that obstetricians need not refer care to a family physician or midwife if no complications develop during a course of labor.”
“It would be a much more blooming world if we share with others whatever good we have in us.”
“It would be the height of absurdity to label ignorance tempered by humility "faith"! (Institutio III.2.3)”
“It's What You Believe Not Just What You Do That Attracts Or Repels God.. Most Times Your Doings Are Birthed By Your Beliefs God Is More Interested In The WHYs Than In The WHATs ”
“It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.”
“It's a tragic that we recognized our self worth from external validation.”
“It's always hard to remember love - years pass and you say to yourself, Was I really in love, or was I just kidding myself? Was I really in love, or was I just pretending he was the man of my dreams? Was I really in love, or was I just desperate?”
“It's better to anger a bit and compensate with destroying something than evolving hate.”
“It's better to be alone than to spend time with toxic people. It's better to do nothing than to work on something that doesn't matter. It's better to rest than to climb the wrong mountain.”
“It's common platitude that knowledge is neutral but every now and then it would be useful if it was on your side and not theirs.”
“It's dangerous to know too much.”
“It's easy to believe in someone else, the hard part to believe in urself”
“It's fine not knowing things. Not knowing things means you have room to learn, and learning's about the most important thing there is,”
“It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.”
“It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.”
“It's hopeless," he went on. "We no longer have the learning of the ancients, the age of giants is past!" "We are dwarfs," William admitted, "but dwarfs who stand on the shoulders of those giants, and small though we are, we sometimes manage to see farther on the horizon than they.”
“It's impossible to walk through solid rock  You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.”
“It's not about winning or loosing; it's about realizing who- and why we are.”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“It's not bad to know a little something about the things you don't care about,”
“It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.”
“It's not good to know things ahead. It screws up your life.”
“It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.”
“It's not the degree that matters, it's the knowledge that matters in the end.”
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”
“It's now very common to hear people say, 'I'm rather offended by that.' As if that gives them certain rights. It's actually nothing more  than a whine. 'I find that offensive.' It has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking what." [ I saw hate in a graveyard -- Stephen Fry , The Guardian, 5 June 2005]”
“It's only hard until it becomes easy.”
“It's other people who make us wise, and I haven't known nearly enough.”
“It's pointless to defeat evil by destroying life.”
“It's said that ignorance is bliss. Ignorance is this: a vine that sneaks up a tree, killing not by poison, but by blocking out its light.”
“It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully accurate.”
“It's the truth, even if it didn't happen   if they don't exist, how can a man see them?”
“It's through the process of unlearning inauthentic behaviors and healing outdated beliefs that you remember how to trust the true and natural wisdom within.”
“It's very simple. As you grow, you learn more. IF you stayed at twenty-two, you'd always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It's growth. It's more then the negative that you're going to die, it's also the positive that you understand your going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.”
“It's where we're nearest to our humanness. Useless knowledge for its own sake. Useful knowledge is good, too, but it's for the faint-hearted, an elaboration of the real thing, which is only to shine some light, it doesn't matter where on what, it's the light itself, against the darkness, it's what's left of God's purpose when you take away God.”
“Its a bit mad. Too bad, I mean, that getting to know each just for a fleeting second Must be replaced by unperfect knowledge of the featureless whole Like some pocket history of the world, so general As to constitute a sob or wail”
“Its important to be comfortable with uncertainty.”
“Its more than a simple belief that there is good and that it should fight the evil in the world. It's a personification of Light and Darkness at their most elemental level, as forces that are so absorbed with themselves that one cannot exist without the other though they constantly try to consume one another. One of the earliest repersentations of Light and Darkness was of Light being a massive black bull and Darkness being an enormous white bull.”
“Its not about what we take with us when we die, Its about what we leave behind.”
“Its not how strong you are, its how firm your footing is.”
“It’s a sin to brood over and dwell on the sins we have confessed to the priest and repented before God, reviving his forgiveness through the hand and the words of the priest.”
“It’s all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.”
“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
“It’s always better to know. It is. That’s the great thing about being a detective. Information makes you stronger. And if it’s bad news, it makes you even stronger.”
“It’s always divine revelation versus made-up stuff.”
“It’s always hard to lose somebody. It leaves a hole in you heart that never grows back. ”
“It’s always the ones who are the quietest who often have the greatest things to say.”
“It’s amazing how something so simple can take hold of you and root itself into your character, help you draw from it for years.”
“It’s an insane venture to live, to thrive, to create, to know, be known, to care, to love, be loved in these times in all times against all odds and darkest forces.”
“It’s in the little flowers of kindness that we find the maximum nectar of happiness.”
“It’s incredible to reflect on how much knowledge and growth power is contained in seeds.”
“It’s less a matter of looking the other way than of closing our eyes to what we can’t stop from happening.”
“It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.”
“It’s not a sin to be obsessed with money, for without it, there can be no material benefits. But what about the richness of experience? The richness of knowledge or that of the inner world? These are the questions that people belonging to the present generation must ponder upon.”
“It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.”
“It’s not enough to just imagine the future. To bring an idea to fruition we must struggle with the uncompromising realities of the physical world. We need not only knowledge but also tenacity.”
“It’s not simply a matter of accumulating data points, though in the early stages there is a necessity to take the raw material on-board. If anything, rather than carrying a large inventory, knowledge arrives “just in time”, without the expensive overhead of warehousing, in response to the needs of time, place, people and circumstances.”
“It’s obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.”
“It’s risky. It’s scary. It could all fall apart. But what if it all falls together?”
“It’s the knowledge that gets evolved from the truth. When we try to evolve truth from knowledge, we create multiple versions of the truth called perspectives.”
“It’s the things we don’t know, don’t rightly understand, that frighten us most.”
“It’s the unforgettable mark we make on others hearts and lives that we will be remembered for. It’s about leaving people a little better off than we found them.”
“It’s time for a new world. It’s time to move beyond Abrahamism. It’s time to revalue all values. Every Abrahamist value should be scrapped, and replaced with rational values based on mathematics, science, philosophy and psychology. Faith should be replaced by knowledge.”
“It’s time for us to wake up, smell the brownies, smell the coffee, and open our spiritual eyes to see in the spirit how many monitoring systems and equipment that the kingdom of darkness is monitoring you with, day in and day out.”
“I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.”
“I’m a woman intent on reinventing herself at an age where wiser, saner women are slowing down. The captivating magic of words has infiltrated my soul, my very being. The written word and all its exquisiteness is an essential part of me.”
“I’m beginning to know enough to know that I know nothing.”
“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.”
“I’ve always been a person who has believed in the love and in the power of love. It occurred to me that it is an essence which connects to the hearts of people, to the hearts of the beasts and to the One-Above-All.…… .…………. Sometimes, if people are dysfunctional together, they will have dysfunctional families and kids who are dysfunctional to the society, each in a unique disorderly way. Love, is the key to disorder and anarchy as it emanates from truth and then further emanates commitment, care, respect and sacrifice. It has the powers over emotions of a human and their mindset and it has been bringing changes to the lives of people. The problem of dysfunctional relationships is the connection is based upon truths which are not mutually established. To make a relationship functional is very much possible and is as essential to being human as the fact that we are very intelligent beings. A love based on truth will always shine brighter in any dark night. But who wants a love like that? And who dares to love as such? All that forever? Would you dare?.…………. ……. All that and many things more but not anymore. I now believe that only love cannot make anyone do everything. Neither everything is dearly loved nor it is reciprocated gracefully. Some loves fall away as the leaves of the autumn; some fires are washed by little waters; and some boats never make it to the shore. If love is truly your goal and the goal of your love is love itself then the pillars of love shall always remain true. Be good to the people you meet. And be good to those who hurt you as well. Someday, sometime, it will make sense to everyone.”
“I’ve been working really hard at fine-tuning my skills. Trial and error have been a great teacher for me. That’s something I didn’t quite understand how to utilize, to my advantage, when I was younger.”
“I’ve learned one thing-people who know the least anyways seem to know it the loudest.”
“I’ve studied and maybe learned how things are, but I’m not even close to why they are. And you must not expect to find that people understand what they do.”
“Jasnah had once defined a fool as a person who ignored information because it disagreed with desired results.”
“Jeremiah has come to see life as a serious of motions he must enact towards its conclusion.”
“Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.”
“Joblessness is a time for reflection”
“Johannes had once said that violence and cruelty were just a stupid person's way of making himself felt, because it was easer to use your hands to strike a blow than to use your brain to find a logical and just solution to the problem.”
“John,” she said, “does it make every one—unhappy when they study and learn lots of things?” He paused and smiled. “I am afraid it does,” he said. “And, John, are you glad you studied?” “Yes,” came the answer, slowly but positively. She watched the flickering lights upon the sea, and said thoughtfully, “I wish I was unhappy,—and—and,” putting both arms about his neck, “I think I am, a little, John.”
“Joy never gets recorded as thoughts, but pain does. That’s why our internal recordings are always negative thoughts. Joy is like a blank recording! For example, if your entire life is like a time shaft, on that shaft the joyful moments are simply empty spaces! There won’t be any recording corresponding to it. But the moments of worry and suffering will be clearly recorded as black impressions.”
“Judgement can do without knowledge: but not knowledge without judgement.”
“Judging others is a validation of, what you don't know”
“Just as darkness disappears automatically when light is brought into a room, pain dissolves automatically when the energy of your awareness is focused on it.”
“Just as knowledge without practical application is worthless, so is experience never shared.”
“Just as love cannot be seen or truly known, but is undeniably felt, we can experience our Lord in places our mind could never travel or comprehend. Seek out these placeless places, where the unknown resides. Reflect upon the mysteries of life, travel into spaces with no familiar ground, venture into realms where worldly compasses fail to lead you, walk into the quantum world, where laws of science seemingly fail to work, and feel the vulnerability of your ignorance.”
“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
“Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.”
“Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.”
“Just because you don’t see the point, doesn’t mean there isn’t one.”
“Just because you read books doesn't mean you know everything," Faiz tells her. "I work. Life's the best teacher. Everyone says so." "Only people who can't read say such things," Pari says.”
“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”
“Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.”
“Just remember: when you lose, don't lose the lesson.”
“Justice through injustice is not genuine justice. It's injustice perpetuated.”
“KNOWLEDGE IS TEMPORARY, LEARNING IS PERMANENT”
“KODO SAWAKI: Studying originally meant aspiring to discover the meaning of life. These days studying has become all about getting a job.”
“Karma is not what you committed or omitted. It is the unattended part of your inner space software - the blindspot of your inner software's functioning.”
“Keep learning new things until you die, this is the right way of living. ezeehow.com”
“Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.”
“Keep secret things secret and they will serve you the better!”
“Keep your soul free. What matters most in life is not knowledge, but character … There is a knowledge other than that which is of the domain of memory: the knowledge of how to live. Study must be an act of life, must serve life, must feel itself impregnated with life. Of the two kinds of men, those who endeavor to know something, and those who try to be someone, the palm is to the second. What we know is like a beginning, a rough sketch only; the man is the finished work.”
“Kids know everything. Just ask a nine year old.”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“Kindness and awareness work together. Through awareness we understand the underlying beauty of everything and every being.”
“Kindness has become so rare that it provokes perplexity about what's sincere and what's deceitful.”
“Kindness is a kinder knowledge.”
“Kindness is a knowledge which every body can understand.”
“Kindness is a knowledge which everyone understands.”
“Kindness is a sacred knowledge”
“Kindness is necessary as knowledge.”
“Kindness is sacred knowledge.”
“Kindness is the first kind of knowledge.”
“Kindness is understandable knowledge.”
“Kindness raises too many possibilities.”
“King Solomon's life reminds me of wisdom, wealth, women, woes.”
“Kingsley nodded. 'Of course. Sophia always did say wisdom had to be earned.”
“Know the enemy, know yourself; your victory will never be endangered. Know the ground, know the weather; your victory will then be total.”
“Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.”
“Know what you are talking about.”
“Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?”
“Know your enemy. Know yourself. Only then may you achieve victory.”
“Know, you created it.”
“Knowable and unknowable are both human constructs - to have true understanding of the natural world, one must go beyond both, stepping firmly on the grounds of reason while fostering acceptance for others' weaknesses.”
“Knowing God is not about knowledge that rests in your head, but truth that lives in your heart.”
“Knowing a little about something sometimes gets in the way of knowing a lot about it.”
“Knowing how to lose is a very important skill to have. It changes the way that you respond to things and assists you with keeping your stress levels down when difficult times are present.”
“Knowing how to lose is a very important skill to have.”
“Knowing is not enough. You must accept My blessings in order to attain a better life. You must embrace a higher level of consciousness.”
“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.”
“Knowing is not simply a material act, since the object that is known always conceals something beyond the empirical datum. All our knowledge, even the most simple, is always a minor miracle, since it can never be fully explained by the material instruments that we apply to it. In every truth there is something more than we would have expected, in the love that we receive there is always an element that surprises us.”
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.”
“Knowing others is wisdom. Knowing yourself is Enlightenment. - Lao-Tzu”
“Knowing that most people don’t have easy access to knowledge, I don’t take libraries for granted. I worship them.”
“Knowing the Knowledge is a Seed, understanding the Knowledge is a Harvest and the gain of it is how and when to reap it.”
“Knowing too much about something can be more dangerous than ignorance”
“Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.”
“Knowing trees, I came to realize, understand and appreciate the act of patience.”
“Knowing was a temptation. What you don't know won't tempt you.”
“Knowing what to do with time is the first step to take when you lose your job”
“Knowing what to do with time is the key to being productive”
“Knowing who we really are means to know the big picture, and to act accordingly.”
“Knowing without loving is frankly dangerous for the soul and for society. You'll critique most everything you encounter and even have the hubris to call this mode of reflexive cynicism "thinking" (whereas it's really your ego's narcissistic reaction to the moment). You'll position things to quickly as inferior or superior, "with me" or "against me," and most of the time you'll be wrong.”
“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.”
“Knowledge & understanding mixed with ones convictions of 'experience' is hardly impositional". ~R. Alan Woods [2012]”
“Knowledge alone is futile, unless it's guided by the intention of benefitting all.”
“Knowledge always has the potential to be dangerous. It is a more powerful weapon than any sword or spell.”
“Knowledge and Love are One, and the MEASURE is suffering”
“Knowledge and book learning are not wisdom," said the captain. "Is this book wisdom?" asked Lucy, putting the manuscript back on the table. "It has some elements of wisdom in it, me dear," replied the captain. "I did not lead a very wise life myself but it was a full one and a grown-up one. You come to age very often through shipwreck and disaster, and at the heart of the whirlpool some men find God.”
“Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.”
“Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”
“Knowledge can only be wielded by those who dive into its depths and know the shape of it. Reading without true understanding is only wading in the shallows without a care for the monsters that lurk beneath.”
“Knowledge cannot be pursued without morality.”
“Knowledge cannot be unknown. Experience cannot be unlived.”
“Knowledge cannot win over experience because at the end of the day what matter is what you did with your hand not what you know in your mind.”
“Knowledge comes at a price   Right? If you think so, think again   All the knowledge is available on Wikipedia, for Free ”
“Knowledge comes from meditation.”
“Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.”
“Knowledge counts but common sense matters.”
“Knowledge drifts in and out of my mind", said Lestat with a little look of honest distress and a shake of his head. "I devour it and then I lose it and sometimes I can't reach for any knowledge that I ought to possess. I feel desolate, but then knowledge returns or I seek it out in a knew source." ( ) "But you love books, then", Aunt Queen was saying. I had to listen. "Oh, yes," Lestat said. "Sometimes they're the only thing that keeps me alive." "What a thing to say at your age", she laughed. "No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don't you think? The young are eternally desperate," he said frankly. "And books, they offer one hope - that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.”
“Knowledge exists potentially in the human soul like the seed in the soil; by learning the potential becomes actual.”
“Knowledge flies the sword true to its aim.”
“Knowledge grows exponentially. The more we know, the greater our ability to learn, and the faster we expand our knowledge base.”
“Knowledge has the power to destroy fear.”
“Knowledge has two extremes which meet; one is the pure natural ignorance of every man at birth, the other is the extreme reached by great minds who run through the whole range of human knowledge, only to find that they know nothing and come back to the same ignorance from which they set out, but it is a wise ignorance which knows itself. Those who stand half-way have put their natural ignorance behind them without yet attaining the other; they have some smattering of adequate knowledge and pretend to understand everything. They upset the world and get everything wrong.”
“Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match”
“Knowledge is a better weapon than a sword.”
“Knowledge is a package that time unwraps”
“Knowledge is a skyscraper. You can take a shortcut with a fragile foundation of memorization, or build slowly upon a steel frame of understanding.”
“Knowledge is a social construct, a consensus among the members of a community of knowledgeable peers.”
“Knowledge is a tool, and like all tools, its impact is in the hands of the user.”
“Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it.”
“Knowledge is a tree and sharing is the water element that is necessary for the growth of the tree. The more you share the more tree will increases. So keep sharing!”
“Knowledge is a weapon to defend yourself and your rights.”
“Knowledge is a weapon. I intend to be formidably armed.”
“Knowledge is an endless resource for success in life, develop the art of learning something new every day in your life”
“Knowledge is another form of God. If someone loves both. So he will get the answers to every question.”
“Knowledge is another form of God.”
“Knowledge is better than ignorance; experience is better than knowledge.”
“Knowledge is fluid, not finite; the same for wisdom.”
“Knowledge is freedom and ignorance is slavery.”
“Knowledge is ignorance we've chosen to correct.”
“Knowledge is in God, light is in the angels, and application is in man. Therefore, when you have the knowledge of God and the light of the angels, you will come to application.”
“Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.”
“Knowledge is indispensable, but it’s passion that persuades.”
“Knowledge is knowing everything and wisdom is becoming nothing.”
“Knowledge is knowing many things. Wisdom is applying that knowledge to life as logical solutions and new perspectives.”
“Knowledge is knowing the depth of the ocean. Wisdom is knowing till where to swim.”
“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning  because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”
“Knowledge is like money: To be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.”
“Knowledge is made organic when a person feels the emotions, experiences stress and anxiety and excitement and a range of other emotions, and through this physical experience, learns more about his own nature and the nature of others. And this makes much more sense than reading a thousand pages of a book that will be forgotten, that one needs to apply consciously as if he was a robot. One doesn’t truly understand the nature of knowledge when this knowledge remains inside the brain only. We can compare this situation with that of a fighter that learns fighting by reading. Until you get hurt, until you face opposition to your certainties, until you understand defeat, no theory on fighting will make any sense to you, or others, when spoken, explained or listened.”
“Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.”
“Knowledge is merely brilliance in organization of ideas and not wisdom. The truly wise person goes beyond knowledge.”
“Knowledge is not King. Knowing where knowledge lay is ..”
“Knowledge is not granted by possessing authority but presenting verifiable facts.”
“Knowledge is not just a key, it is the key. It unlocks doors to untold opportunities and empowers us to transcend limitations and achieve our greatest potential.”
“Knowledge is not made for understanding; it is made for cutting.”
“Knowledge is not positive or negative, it is always neutral. It is how knowledge is used that is positive or negative.”
“Knowledge is not power, Knowledge plus action is power, knowledge without action is dead”
“Knowledge is not power. You may know many things, but without influence you can't do anything.”
“Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. When we enquire into any subject, the first thing we have to do is to know what books have treated of it. This leads us to look at catalogues, and at the backs of books in libraries.”
“Knowledge is pitiless.”
“Knowledge is power if you're using specific reasons for success unless it's useless for you.”
“Knowledge is power, and the right knowledge lets man perform miraculous, almost godlike tasks.”
“Knowledge is power, but it's also nothing without a purpose.”
“Knowledge is power, but wisdom is peace.”
“Knowledge is power, if your using specific reasons for success unless it's useless for you.”
“Knowledge is power, so utilised this power fully to obtain or gain the things that you most desire.”
“Knowledge is power, without it we become ignorant towards the truth.”
“Knowledge is power. Power to do evil or power to do good. Power itself is not evil. So knowledge itself is not evil.”
“Knowledge is power. The real test of knowledge is not whether it is true but whether it empowers us. Scientists usually assume that no theory is 100% correct. Truth, consequently, is a poor test for knowledge. The real test is utility. A theory that enables us to do new things constitutes knowledge.”
“Knowledge is power. Wisdom is gained through applying that knowledge. So go get it!”
“Knowledge is power.”
“Knowledge is power: You hear it all the time but knowledge is not power. It's only potential power. It only becomes power when we apply it and use it. Somebody who reads a book and doesn't apply it, they're at no advantage over someone who's illiterate. None of it works unless YOU work. We have to do our part. If knowing is half the battle, action is the second half of the battle.”
“Knowledge is something which you can use. Belief is something which uses you.”
“Knowledge is such a journey that ends only with your death.”
“Knowledge is the accumulation of facts and data. Wisdom is the ability to discern and judge which aspects of that knowledge are true. In other words, knowledge knows a tomato is a fruit; wisdom knows not to put it into a fruit salad. Find wisdom and then watch your trial become triumph.”
“Knowledge is the door and wisdom is the ocean of knowledge.”
“Knowledge is the eye that must direct the foot of obedience.”
“Knowledge is the food of the soul.”
“Knowledge is the ink of eternal Bliss ~”
“Knowledge is the key that unlocks the universe.”
“Knowledge is the most prized commodity in the entire universe, and it is infinite in its commodity. But to humans, money is, even though it is extremely limited to the majority of us.”
“Knowledge is the ultimate weapon. It always has been.”
“Knowledge is truth, Little Bird. Those who refuse to learn live in a world of falsity.”
“Knowledge is your operating system.”
“Knowledge isn't truth. It's just mindless agreement. You agree with me, I agree with someone else - we all have knowledge. We haven't come any closer to the truth. You can never understand anything by agreeing, by making definitions. Only by turning over the possibilities. That's called thinking. If I say "I know", I stop thinking. As long as I keep thinking, I come to understand. That way, I might approach some truth.”
“Knowledge isn’t power if you don’t act on it.”
“Knowledge kills action; action requires the veils of illusion.”
“Knowledge leads towards different kind of societies then those societies don’t relate with each other because people in those societies think, act and reacts with their knowledge that create different ways of life and different recognition of humans.”
“Knowledge loses its relevance very fast. However, a person can create new knowledge by blending his knowledge with fresh observations.”
“Knowledge makes a person famous and is very happens in achieving the desired vision.”
“Knowledge makes you bend but keeps you from breaking.”
“Knowledge may be power but how one utilizes it is the generator.”
“Knowledge may be power, but cake has great bargaining properties”
“Knowledge may be power, but real change lies in action. In the doing.”
“Knowledge means having the information that water can quench your thirst, whereas understanding is the experience you have while drinking a glass of water after spending hours in thirst.”
“Knowledge might be good, but wisdom is wonderful.”
“Knowledge needs to be recognized as a human right. Without knowledge, our actions are not our own; we are coerced to act in someone else’s interest.”
“Knowledge not only illuminates your pathways; it also secures you at every difficult stage of life.”
“Knowledge of God is the grace of life.”
“Knowledge of God leads to good conduct.”
“Knowledge of the future can be a hindrance for living in the present. It makes events seem anticlimactic.”
“Knowledge of ‘Thou’ means knowledge of ‘self’, and that knowledge will be donated by mankind. He will be ignorant about this. This is universalism and this is the symptom of Godhood.”
“Knowledge or Google is required to understand the word but experience is intuitive to understand the meaning of the same word.”
“Knowledge plus action is power”
“Knowledge really is power. It yearns to live, to spread, to shine its light on darkness.”
“Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens”
“Knowledge that is acquired is not like this. Those who have it worry if audiences like it or not. It's a bait for popularity. Disputational knowing wants customers. It has no soul  The only real customer is God. Chew quietly your sweet sugarcane God-Love, and stay playfully childish.”
“Knowledge that is grown only on the outside changes nothing inside a man, or merely changes him on the surface, as one garment is changed for another. But he who learns by taking things inside himself undergoes constant transformation, because he incorporates what he learns into his being.”
“Knowledge unlocks the door to the mysteries of our mistakes; wisdom guides us away from repeating them". HS/el”
“Knowledge unqualified is knowledge simply of something learned.”
“Knowledge was like candy: you never turned it down, especially if you didn't have to work too hard to get it.”
“Knowledge was the great thing--not abstract knowledge in which Dr. Forester had been so rich, the theories which lead one enticingly on with their appearance of nobility, of transcendent virtue, but detailed, passionate, trivial human knowledge.”
“Knowledge will always be the best weapon against tyrants.”
“Knowledge without action is dead”
“Knowledge without application is simply knowledge. Applying the knowledge to one’s life is wisdom — and that is the ultimate virtue”
“Knowledge without courage is sterile.”
“Knowledge without heart disconnects the soul from society.”
“Knowledge, like air, is vital to life. Like air, no one should be denied it.”
“Knowledge, like all things, is best in moderation," intoned the Will. "Knowing everything means you don't need to think, and that is very dangerous.”
“Knowledge, like money and muck (manure), serves us best when spread evenly.”
“Knowledge, someone once said, was power—and the fewer children with power, the better.”
“Knowledge, to learn, to grow, to become a better citizen of Mythnium is so often limited by how far we allow our imagination stretch, for it is only the imagination enhanced by knowledge that shows try intelligence.” ~Elder Martan, The Pursuit of the Lost Magics – Dwarven History”
“Knowledge, whatever the form, could be as effective as a weapon.”
“Knowledge. New, shiny things. Better thinkers than we have observed that, when you reach this level of post-scarcity civilization, it’s either wallow in your own excesses forever or seek out newness. Knowledge and understanding is the crown atop the hierarchy of needs, the thing you can’t have enough of.”
“Knowlegde no doubt made bad people worse, but it must make good people better!”
“Krishna says in the Bhagavad Gita, ‘Let you lift yourself by yourself. If you don’t, you will be your worst enemy.’ It is up to you to help yourself as your best friend or hurt yourself as your worst enemy. Be very clear: nobody can hurt you unless you allow. Nobody can help you unless you allow.”
“LOVE the hideous in order to find the sublime core of it.”
“Lack of knowledge causes fear, and knowledge removes it.”
“Lady Wisdom will be your close friend; and Brother Knowledge will be your pleasant companion.”
“Language necessarily involves bringing any particular under more and more general and universal labels. That’s what conceptualization is all about: reducing particular things to fewer and fewer generalizations and universals, until, ultimately, reality is reduced to just one universal, the supreme concept that explains everything. This one concept is the Principle of Sufficient Reason (PSR). The whole point of concepts is to reach more and more general and universal levels until we ultimately arrive at one concept – the ultimate universal which explains the whole of reality. That concept is the PSR.”
“Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.”
“Lately, my mental incapacitation has forced me into an overwhelmingly state of idlement. Internally, I exist in a condensed space of nothingness. The core of my belief system has been gutted and is being destroyed at an immensely slow pace. Flashes of erred calculations flicker in the matrix of my mind. My being has been compromised, causing me to malfunction as an effective entity. My avatar reacts and responds from muscle memory. I am absent from the simple tenses with a portion of curiosity taking shelter in a small pocket of my subconscious. The brand assigned to my identity at birth interrupts any chance of a breakthrough with it’s demanding and commanding duties. What is Truth? Knowledge? or Belief? Truth is a strategic manipulation coded in to my design causing me to believe in a man made system known as knowledge, overiding my original format.”
“Later times have laid all the blame upon the Goths and Vandals, but, however unwilling the partizans of the Christian system may be to believe or to acknowledge it, it is nevertheless true, that the age of ignorance commenced with the Christian system.There was more knowledge in the world before that period, than for many centuries afterwards; and as to religious knowledge, the Christian system, as already said, was only another species of mythology; and the mythology to which it succeeded, was a corruption of an ancient system of theism. It is owing to this long interregnum of science, and to no other cause, that we have now to look back through a vast chasm of many hundred years to the respectable characters we call the Ancients. Had the progression of knowledge gone on proportionably with the stock that before existed, that chasm would have been filled up with characters rising superior in knowledge to each other; and those Ancients we now so much admire would have appeared respectably in the background of the scene. But the christian system laid all waste ; and if we take our stand about the beginning of the sixteenth century, we look back through that long chasm, to the times of the Ancients, as over a vast sandy desert, in which not a shrub appears to intercept the vision to the fertile hills beyond.”
“Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdi-vided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfash-ionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world—philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration. Although I didn't think so at the time, things were a lot simpler in 1969. All you had to do to express yourself was throw rocks at riot police. But with today's sophistication, who's in a position to throw rocks? Who's going to brave what tear gas? C'mon, that's the way it is. Everything is rigged, tied into that massive capital web, and beyond this web there's another web. Nobody's going anywhere. You throw a rock and it'll come right back at you.”
“Lead with the how. So many scream only about what they can do for you. Consider standing out by sharing the authenticity, authority and intelligence of how you can do it with them.”
“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing! Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly, & Sharing the success with all!”
“Learn to climb stairs and you will see why words are as important as rungs on a ladder.”
“Learn to distinguish the difference between errors of knowledge and breaches of morality. An error of knowledge is not a moral flaw, provided you are willing to correct it; only a mystic would judge human beings by the standard of an impossible, automatic omniscience. But a breach of morality is the conscious choice of an action you know to be evil, or a willful evasion of knowledge, a suspension of sight and of thought. That which you do not know, is not a moral charge against you; but that which you refuse to know, is an account of infamy growing in your soul. Make every allowance for errors of knowledge; do not forgive or accept any break of morality.”
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
“Learn to live deeply, and realise that all experiences, good or bad are transient, and opportunities for liberation.”
“Learn to say yes to every single opportunity that comes your way in life”
“Learn to talk honestly, truthfully, logically, ethically, and boldly.”
“Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.”
“Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding. The first requires memory and the second philosophy.”
“Learning how to detach, in a healthy manner, will save you from a lot of things that don't even align with your journey.”
“Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.”
“Learning is like a tree, where each branch represents a new subject, and the roots anchor us to the foundation of knowledge.”
“Learning is like grape must, which turns sour unless entered into a sound vessel.”
“Learning is living, the internal process to make the meaning, the cause of knowledge, the nectar of life.”
“Learning is not a destination, but a lifelong journey of growth and self-discovery.”
“Learning is not about acquiring certificates. It’s about integrating common sense into work.”
“Learning is not confined to the walls of a classroom; it flourishes in the embrace of diverse experiences and perspectives.”
“Learning is not just a means to an end, but a way of life that opens the mind and expands the soul.”
“Learning is not the accumulation of knowledge, but rather, one thing only: understanding”
“Learning isn't acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired.”
“Learning never exhaust the mind”
“Leave no stone unturned.”
“Let Your knowledge go beyond your situation”
“Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.”
“Let go off all the things in the life but never let go off the real source Knowledge”
“Let him who knows who he is be no other but himself.”
“Let knowledge serve our people for ages to come.”
“Let me be ignorant and in nothing good, But graciously to know I am no better.”
“Let me say no more. Words do no justice to the hidden meaning. Everything immediately becomes slightly different when it is expressed in words, a little bit distorted, a little foolish It is perfectly fine with me that what for one man is precious wisdom for another sounds like foolery.”
“Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.”
“Let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler; but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.”
“Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.”
“Let peace be. Let life be.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“Let people serve you information, but never let them serve you your opinion.”
“Let the darkest times reveal the brightest you!”
“Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.”
“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
“Let them see that their words can cut you, and you’ll never be free of the mockery”
“Let this day be a reminder to all of us. We are better people and we are better human beings. We should forgive each other. We should stop holding grudges. We should stop seeking revenge. If you don’t forgive someone. The burden of hate Is on you to carry. We should not be petty or bitter, but we should show love and support to one another. We can only build a nation when we work together not when we are working against each other. If then we celebrate this day and we are not willing to do so. Then we are not more than just selfish hypocrites.”
“Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire; and if in other ways she falls short of our ideal, we must be patient and call to mind those qualities that first induced us to begin our courting.”
“Let us not become victims of a crippling reasoning pattern. If we want to improve our decision-making and critical thinking, we must recognize our mental biases and be willing to overcome them. Let us avoid creating arguments to confirm pre-existing beliefs at all costs and invest in a ‘sunk cost fallacy.’ Better alight from a car out of control than drive it off the cliff. (“The infinite Wisdom of Meditation“)”
“Let us seek connection with nature, like the butterfly does, by nurturing our relationships with the world around us and finding solace in its wonders.”
“Let us tenderly and kindly cherish therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write .”
“Let us then realize our limitations. We are something and we are not everything. Such being as we have conceals from us the knowledge of first principles, which arise from nothingness, and the smallness of our being hides infinity from our sight.”
“Let your knowledge be your adviser and not your arrogance.”
“Let your passion and courage swell in you until you can no longer be contained by fear.”
“Let your wisdom guide you On your own personal journey By listening to your heart Your soul will be alight And let you be All that you are intended to be”
“Let's admit that we all are idiots, and start working from there, so that we can build a world that is less of an idiot, for the first step of progress is the acknowledgement of ignorance.”
“Let's remember that Jesus didn't leave Thomas to suffer without the blessing of faith and confidence; he gave him the evidence he required. That is typical of Jesus's approach to doubt; he responded to honest doubters in the way he knew best, the way that would help them to move from doubt to knowledge.”
“Let's seek the knowledge of the Sovereign Lord.”
“Let’s embrace the beauty of our choices, let's make them wisely and with intention and let's use them to create a life that we're proud of and a world that we're grateful to be a part of.”
“Levon is not his eye," said the older woman. "Hiram is not his teeth. Na'ami is not her skin. I am not my past. Those are only things that will pass away, never to be thought of in the world to come.”
“Liberation is the child of acceptance and resignation”
“Liberty without Learning is always in peril and Learning without Liberty is always in vain.”
“Librarians, to Melanie, were somewhat in a par with god -- who else could be bothered with, and better yet, know the answers to so many diffrent types of questions? Knowledge was power, but a good librarian did not hoard the gift. She taught others how to fknd, where to look, how to see”
“Libraries are medieval forests masking opportunity and danger; every aisle is a path, every catalog reference a clue to the location of the Holy Grail. It is here that I become privy to the sacred songs of kings and the ballads of rogues. Here are tales of life-and-death struggles of other wayfarers as they battle personal dragons and woo fair maidens. Walking down this hallway, I am a knight entering the forest in search of the truth ”
“Life after love was possible. I was proof. Loss taught you about yourself, burrowed in the dark parts of your soul and ate you from the inside out.”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“Life can give everything to whoever tries to understand and is willing to receive new knowledge.”
“Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.”
“Life doesn't make any sense, and we all pretend it does. Comedy's job is to point out that it doesn't make sense, and that it doesn't make much difference anyway.”
“Life has no rights. It was given free to you and will be taken gratis from you. Meanwhile, you can make it as pure a human is made for, blissfully and joyful.”
“Life has to be freed and lived, instead of being known.”
“Life is a beautiful gambling. Either it can make you god or it can just destroy you. It is how you play. Life is neither good nor bad, it is how you play.”
“Life is a classroom, and every experience is an opportunity to learn something new and grow as a person.”
“Life is a journey of self-discovery. Mirror only shows us our outer appearance. People and situations show us inner layers of our being.”
“Life is a journey, Frannie darling," Feagan had once told me. "Choose well those with whom you travel." As always, I've followed Feagan's counsel.”
“Life is a walking, a journey. So, if life upon Mother Earth is a journey, there are two ways to walk. We can choose to walk forward or we can choose to walk backward. Forward Walking choices are rewarded with consequences that light the way to peace, happiness, joy, comfort, knowledge, and wisdom. Backward Walking choices bring to the Two-Legged beings consequences of misery despair, and darkness.”
“Life is boring. People are vengeful. Good things always end. We do so many things and we don’t know why, and if we do find out why, it’s decades later and knowing why doesn’t matter any more.”
“Life is easy. We make it hard.”
“Life is like a game of chess. To win you have to make a move. Knowing which move to make comes with IN-SIGHT and knowledge, and by learning the lessons that are acculated along the way. We become each and every piece within the game called life!”
“Life is like a sandwich! Birth as one slice, and death as the other. What you put in-between the slices is up to you. Is your sandwich tasty or sour? Allan Rufus.org”
“Life is like butter - when things cool down it can be reshaped”
“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.”
“Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent.”
“Life is short. Thank God the earth is small.”
“Life is so simple that it is exposing complexity as a human-made disorder.”
“Life is superdeterminism, neither predetermined nor free will; it is superdeterminism.Empowering yourself with the truth, reality, that you are paramashiva, the ultimate paramatma and from that truth, reality, making your perception about life and with the strength of that subjective truth about yourself and the world, impacting the world, reality, is superdeterminism.”
“Life is the only exam that you need to master.”
“Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.”
“Life isn't a struggled to know what's right. It's a struggle to do it.”
“Life itself is a mystery so don't try to find the mystery of life”
“Life moves very fast. It rushes from Heaven to Hell in a matter of seconds.”
“Life must be much more evident when one is always suffering.”
“Life no argument. - We have arranged for ourselves a world in which we can live - by positing bodies, lines, planes, causes and effects, motion and rest, form and content; without these articles of faith nobody now could endure life. But that does not prove them. Life is no argument. The conditions of life might include error.”
“Life stops when my universe ends.”
“Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.”
“Life's managed, not cured. ”
“Life, just like the stars, the planets and the galaxies, is just a temporary structure on the long road from order to disorder. But that doesn't make us insignificant, because we are the Cosmos made conscious. Life is the means by which the universe understands itself. And for me, our true significance lies in our ability to understand and explore this beautiful universe.”
“Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.”
“Lifelong willingness to learn is the elixir of youth that keeps our minds forever vibrant and our souls forever curious!”
“Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change”
“Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse”
“Lignin, the stuff that prevents all trees from adopting the weeping habit, is a polymer made up of units that are closely related to vanillin. When made into paper and stored for years, it breaks down and smells good. Which is how divine providence has arranged for secondhand bookstores to smell like good quality vanilla absolute, subliminally stoking a hunger for knowledge in all of us.”
“Like LaVey, I had a also discovered what happens when you say something powerful that makes people think. They become afraid of you, and they neutralize your message by giving you a label that is not open to interpretation-- as a fascist, a devil worshipper or an advocate of rape and violence.”
“Like the shore changing with the swing of the tides, I seem to be uncovering long-hidden propensities, dormant aspects of myself newly exposed by the pull of the moon. For here I am when the tide goes out - speeder slowing down, fighter finding harmony, activist turned contemplative, analyzer seeking synthesis, communard become solitaire, rationalist grown spiritual, teacher turned student, desire dissolving in contentment.”
“Like this cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations. How can I show you wisdom unless you first empty your cup?”
“Limitation of one's freedom might seem to be something negative and unpleasant, but love makes it a positive, joyful and creative thing. Freedom exists for the sake of love.”
“Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.”
“Listen. Pay attention. Treasure every moment.”
“Listen. You should know something. All younger people should know something. If you're always battling against getting older, you're always going to be unhappy, because it will happen again any how.”
“Literacy is not an end. Literacy should be taught as a means to critical thinking. Knowledge isn't an end. Knowledge is a means to critical thinking. The smartest student is not the student who is the most literate, or who knows the most. The smartest student has the greatest desire to know—to know all the facts and perspectives of human life and of the world.”
“Literature is the human mind at the very height of its ability to express and interpret the world around us. Literature, at its best, does not simplify, but it enlarges our minds and sensibilities to the point where we can better handle complexity--even if, as is often the case, we don't entirely agree with what we are reading.”
“Live Free or Die; Death is Not the Worst of Evils.”
“Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hockshops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible, but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error.”
“Live in the present moment’ is not a complete truth. ‘have power over the present moment’ is the complete truth! The power of ‘now’ is ‘having power over now’.”
“Live. For Now. For the time being.”
“Living a spiritual life is the most beautiful experience ever on this planet”
“Logic is immaturity weaving its nets of gossamer wherewith it aims to catch the behemoth of knowledge. Logic is a crutch for the cripple, but a burden for the swift of foot and a greater burden still for the wise.”
“Logic is the art of non-contradictory identification. A contradiction cannot exist. No concept man forms is valid unless he integrates it without contradiction into the total sum of his knowledge. To arrive at a contradiction is to confess an error in one’s thinking; to maintain a contradiction is to abdicate one’s mind and to evict oneself from the realm of reality”
“Look at you comforting others with the things you wish to hear.”
“Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always find it.”
“Look no farther than your hand, Make a choice and take a stand.”
“Look, you have been told everything. Lift up your eyes and look at the cloud and the light within it and the stars surrounding it. And the star that leads the way is your star." So Judas lifted up his eyes and saw the luminous cloud, and he entered it.”
“Looking at a king's mouth, ' said an old man, 'one would think he never sucked at his mother's breast.”
“Looking back at the knowledge economies discussed earlier, we can recognize that the dynamic coupling of human societies and the Earth system not only depended on the generation of knowledge, but enhanced, in turn, the significance of that generation. In a process extending over millennia, scientific knowledge eventually became a crucial component of economic growth; it is now becoming no less important in coping with its consequences. Substantial anthropogenic change on a global scale was evidently already characteristic of the Holocene and the late Pleistocene, from the human-induced extinction of great mammals via Neolithization and urbanization to the Scientific and Industrial Revolutions. What characterizes the Anthropocene is the need to actively prevent the Earth system from transgressing planetary boundaries. The emergence of this need is closely related to the cascade of evolutionary processes described above. Just as cultural evolution started as a side-show of biological evolution before it became the conditio humana (the essential condition of human life), epistemic evolution, that is, the growing dependence of human societies on knowledge economies producing scientific knowledge, was, for a long time, no more than a tangential aspect of cultural evolution. But with the onset of the Anthropocene, the survival of human culture as we know it hinges on this.”
“Looters don't read, and readers don't loot.”
“Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill because they pissed me off!”
“Losers sulk; posers talk; winners walk - choose wisely.”
“Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth. ”
“Lost Time is never found again.”
“Love Faith Miracle, Magic is Wisdom in transit knowledge the beholder”
“Love and hate are opposite sides of the same coin, you know — both passions. You can flip from one to the other — but not to indifference”
“Love begets wisdom, thus it is, as often misconceived, more than vain layers of tenderness; it is inherently rational and comprehensive of the problem within the problem: for instance, envy is one of the most excused sins in the media of political correctness. Those you find most attractive, or seem to have it all, are often some of the most insecure at heart, and that is because people assume that they do not need anything but defamation.”
“Love between man and woman cannot be built without sacrifices and self-denial.”
“Love consists of a commitment which limits one's freedom - it is a giving of the self, and to give oneself means just that: to limit one's freedom on behalf of another.”
“Love hard. Get your heart broken. Laugh. Cry. Suffer. Explore. Wear your scars with pride. Allow life to teach you in its mysterious ways. Risk it all. Put your heart on the line. Fall down. Get back up no matter what. The only guarantee we have in life is that everything is going to change. So knowing that, you really should take that chance and go for it. Play to win. Don’t play to not lose.”
“Love is a form of prejudice. You love what you need, you love what makes you feel good, you love what is convenient. How can you say you love one person when there are ten thousand people in the world that you would love more if you ever met them? But you'll never meet them. All right, so we do the best we can. Granted. But we must still realize that love is just the result of a chance encounter. Most people make too much of it. On these grounds a good fuck is not to be entirely scorned. But that's the result of a chance meeting too. You're damned right. Drink up. We'll have another.”
“Love is an intense experience in one’s inner space. Many of us think love is a choice. We think experience and expression of love is a choice. We think that if we want to, we can handle love; otherwise we can let it go. No! It is not a choice as we think. It is a basic necessity of life.”
“Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.”
“Love is but a reflection of oneself in the looking glass.”
“Love is experienced truly, in loving.”
“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
“Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love – but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.”
“Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.”
“Love is the divine Mother's arms; when those arms are spread, every soul falls into them. The Sufis of all ages have been known for their beautiful personality. It does not mean that among them there have not been people with great powers, wonderful powers and wisdom. But beyond all that, what is most known of the Sufis is the human side of their nature: that tact which attuned them to wise and foolish, to poor and rich, to strong and weak -- to all. They met everyone on his own plane, they spoke to everyone in his own language. What did Jesus teach when he said to the fishermen, 'Come hither, I will make you fishers of men?' It did not mean, 'I will teach you ways by which you get the best of man.' It only meant: your tact, your sympathy will spread its arms before every soul who comes, as mother's arms are spread out for her little ones.”
“Love is the original religion. It is the root of all spirituality. All other religions are offshoots. Love is like the root of the tree and all religions are like leaves or branches. Even the greatest religions are only big branches compared to the religion of love!”
“Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.”
“Love is wise, Hatred is foolish”
“Love is wise; hatred is foolish. In this world, which is getting more and more closely interconnected, we have to learn to tolerate each other, we have to learn to put up with the fact that some people say things that we don't like. We can only live together in that way. But if we are to live together, and not die together, we must learn a kind of charity and a kind of tolerance, which is absolutely vital to the continuation of human life on this planet.”
“Love is your one and only goal everything else is a distraction.”
“Love keeps no record of wrongs, but bitterness keeps detailed accounts.”
“Love of music, of sunsets and sea; a liking for the same kind of people; political opinions that are not radically divergent; a similar stance as we look at the stars and think of the marvelous strangeness of the universe - these are what build a marriage. And it is never to be taken for granted.”
“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.”
“Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.”
“Love talks with better knowledge, and knowledge with dearer love.”
“Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven’s mouth.”
“Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”
“Love, in itself, is Truth and Knowledge.”
“Love, read, serve, repeat.”
“Luck, I believe, is where preparation meets opportunity.”
“Lucy: You learn more when you lose Charlie Brown: Well then I must be the smartest person in world!!!”
“Lydia is constantly reminded that her education has no purchase here, that she has no access to the kind of information that has real currency on this journey. Among migrants, everyone knows more than she does. How do you find a coyote, make sure he's reputable, pay for your crossing, all without getting ripped off?”
“MOM Wholeheartedly, She loved me- And inspired me- With transcending devotion. It was a blessing- To have been her son, To have been loved- Without conditions. Her words of wisdom- Opened my eyes- To the world- And to myself. By seeing the best in me, She empowered me. By believing in me, She transformed me. She grew old- And floated away, But her love remains standing- Eternally by my side.”
“Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.”
“Magic is Wisdom in Transit", For there's no Black or White Magic'. its just Wisdom in Transit.”
“Magic is a dangerous thing, child. It isn’t something to use lightly.”
“Mahashivaratri, is the time I manifested from timelessness into time. So this is the beginning of time. This is the beginning of form.From my formlessness, I manifested as form. From my timeless, I manifested as time.This is the beginning of everything that exists: my creation/manifestation aspect (srishti), my maintenance/sustenance dimension, (sthiti) and my rejuvenation/destruction (samhara) dimension that continuously happens in everything in everyone. That is the way life functions.”
“Mainstream “science” is not the pursuit of knowledge overwhelmingly, it is about defending a rigid belief system and repelling all information that would demolish the foundations of those rigid beliefs.”
“Maintain your reputation by referring only those that you would stake your reputation on.”
“Maintaining the bloodline keeps the knowledge. It’s so the knowledge was kept alive in a physical way…. We were able to maintain the purity of the message and not be corrupted … or destroyed.”
“Make peace with change always being a constant in your life. Adapt and flow.”
“Make sure you know and understand enough about NFTs before buying your first NFT.”
“Make way for the sweetest humiliation when you underestimate their intelligence while overestimating your knowledge.”
“Make your ideal your new real.”
“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”
“Making excuses for yourself only leads to continued stagnation.”
“Making excuses only leads to continued stagnation.”
“Mamá Teté comes to my mind: “Our powers exist so we can preserve our power and take back and protect what is ours.”
“Mama used to say, you have to know someone a thousand days before you can glimpse her soul.”
“Man has less than he suspects of: time, friends, hopes, qualities. Idries Shah - Caravan of Dreams”
“Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.”
“Man is a myth-maker. Myth, when manipulated by unregenerates, is an even more effective man-maker.”
“Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding”
“Man wants three things; life, knowledge, and love.”
“Man was designed in a way in which he must eat in order to give him a solid reason to go to work everyday. This helps to keep him out of trouble. God is wise.”
“Man will never reach the higher wisdom, If he can't yet accept the pain of change.”
“Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labor; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it.”
“Mankind," asserted the Professor with a self-confident glitter of his iron-rimmed spectacles, "does not know what it wants.”
“Manlius   took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius. But they were all around; it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller. Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato. A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable. Now it was surprising if such a man did know anything of philosophy, and even if it was explained, he would not wish to understand.”
“Many fail to grasp what they have seen, and cannot judge what they have learned, although they tell themselves they know.”
“Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain.”
“Many modern artists, philosophers, and theologians reject the knowledge of the past. Thus they must continually start over again from ground zero, their vision restricted to their own narrow perspectives, making themselves artificially primitive.”
“Many much-learned men have no intelligence.”
“Many of life’s greatest truths are terribly unpleasant.”
“Many of the dangers we face indeed arise from science and technology—but, more fundamentally, because we have become powerful without becoming commensurately wise. The world-altering powers that technology has delivered into our hands now require a degree of consideration and foresight that has never before been asked of us.”
“Many people falsely believe that if you want to be holy, you are not allowed to enjoy life Holiness brings us to life. It refines every human ability. Holiness doesn't dampen our emotions; it elevates them. Those who respond to God's call to holiness are the most joyful people in history. They have a richer, more abundant experience of life, and they love more deeply than most people can every imagine. They enjoy life, all of life.”
“Many people include certain people in their love list because these people give them a ‘feel good’ feeling. What do I mean by a ‘feel good’ feeling? It is a certificate saying, ‘You are good. You are this, you are that’ etc. We love anyone who pays us compliments, is it not? We think twice before arguing with them. We secretly nurture our good name with them in the name of love. If they go back on their approval of us, we might fall into depression, so we continue to please them and love them. Like this, there is always some hidden reason for our love.”
“Many scientists have tried to make determinism and complementarity the basis of conclusions that seem to me weak and dangerous; for instance, they have used Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle to bolster up human free will, though his principle, which applies exclusively to the behavior of electrons and is the direct result of microphysical measurement techniques, has nothing to do with human freedom of choice. It is far safer and wiser that the physicist remain on the solid ground of theoretical physics itself and eschew the shifting sands of philosophic extrapolations.”
“Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgment. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.”
“Many things can prolong your life, but only wisdom can save it.”
“Many things the gods achieve beyond our judgement,'" said the sorrowful girl. "'What we thought is not confirmed and what we thought not God contives.”
“Many times due to your delusions, you make wrong decisions, you accumulate wrong things, wrong qualities, you accumulate wrong people, you accumulate contracts which you don't need to maintain for your manifestation of the ultimate reality.”
“Many times you accumulate relationships with wrong contracts, wrong understandings, destructive mental patterns.I intervene at those moments through my rejuvenation power and destruction power. I liberate you all from the unnecessarily accumulated desires, relationships, contracts, diseases in the body, mind - anything which you accumulated which is not necessary for your ultimate manifestation of Paramashiva.”
“Many's the man/ who thought himself wise/ but what he needed/ he did not know ”
“Mari (Mary Magdalene) possessed a remarkably coherent understanding of what following The Way (Rahasya) meant. She believed that this spiritual philosophy taught that the world represented Man's mystic school from whence each person ultimately graduated by reaching the Enlightened State. Therefore, according to this spiritual discipline, human suffering is very subjective and manifested itself according to every person's personal karma or attitude to life. This meant that every life a person experienced imparted a certain number of spiritual lessons that may not have been experienced before in other lives. Ultimately, every experience could be relived and bring about spiritual growth, assisting the individual to move continually closer to the Enlightened State.”
“Marks are a currency with which we buy knowledge. Currency (marks) does not know whether you pick up what you ordered.”
“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.”
“Marriage without struggle is like an unfired clay pot. It is easily made, but it will not stand the test of time.”
“Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.”
“Material wealth can be bad for your health. Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil, that you couldn’t keep it all for your self.”
“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.”
“May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.”
“May you live every day of your life.”
“May your feet ever walk in the light of two suns  and may the moonshadow never fall on you  ”
“Maybe I don't really want to know what's going on. Maybe I'd rather not know. Maybe I couldn't bear to know. The Fall was a fall from innocence to knowledge.”
“Maybe if they stopped hiding from it, they could begin to understand like never before.”
“Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.”
“Maybe knowledge is as fundamental, or even more fundamental than [material] reality.”
“Maybe this doctor was one of those brilliant people who are hopeless with normal stuff like dates.”
“Maybe this was the moment when I knew I was part of a long line of almost erased stories. A child of denial. Of magical thinking.”
“Maybe we should come to our opinions by using wisdom, logic, evidence, so much of those things that we know we are right and can't be swayed. Then we should hope for an argument against us that makes us think, "I could be wrong", and be willing to listen”
“Maybe you are already lost and just do not know it.”
“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.”
“Maybe, he thought, I did not read it because I was afraid that Lorgar was right. How can I know without reading it? He did not care that he had wronged Lorgar, but that he had abandoned his own intellectual rigour. He had been a fanatic as much as Lorgar was, after his own fashion. Theoretical: I must set this right. Practical: I must read it.”
“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”
“Meditation is an alert state of mind, the opposite of sluggishness; meditation is wisdom. You should remain aware every moment of your daily life, fully conscious of what you are doing and why and how you are doing it.”
“Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.”
“Meeting a stranger can be totally fleeting and meaningless, for example, unless you enter the individual’s world by finding out at least one thing that is meaningful to his or her life and exchange at lest one genuine feeling. Tuning in to others is a circular flow: you send yourself out toward people; you receive them as they respond to you.”
“Memories were short and history unkind. It was the way of the world.”
“Men are generally right in what they affirm and wrong in what they deny. What we deny is generally something that lies outside our experience, and about which we can therefore say nothing.”
“Men are not to be judged so much by what they know, but rather by what they know they do not know. Judge a man not by his knowledge, but by his level of awareness of its limits.”
“Men are still led by instinct before they are regulated by knowledge”
“Men are stupid, and a lot of them need to be told things on top of being shown.”
“Men grow tired of sleep, love, singing and dancing, sooner than war.”
“Men have two greatest fears: the first fear is the fear of being needed, and the second fear is the fear of not being needed.”
“Men must endure Their going hence, even as their coming hither. Ripeness is all.”
“Men of the world who value the Way all turn to books. But books are nothing more than words. Words have value; what is of value in words is meaning. Meaning has something it is pursuing, but the thing that it is pursuing cannot be put into words and handed down. The world values words and hands down books but, though the world values them, I do not think them worth valuing. What the world takes to be values is not real value.”
“Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.”
“Mercy!" cried Gandalf. "If the giving of knowledge is to be the cure of your inquisitiveness, I shall spend all the rest of my days in answering you. What more should you like to know?" "The names of all the stars, and of all living things, and the whole history of Middle-Earth and Over-heave and of the Sundering Seas," laughed Pippin. "Of course! What less?”
“Metaphor is a way of knowing the world, and no less a one than other sorts of ways of gaining knowledge.”
“Milk THEN cereal, not the other way around.”
“Mind is like a blackboard-cum-door behind which there is a library of infinite knowldge. What is written on the blackboard is actually a distraction that doesn't let you see the door.”
“Mind of a loving heart is the fountain of knowledge.”
“Mindfulness is the state of mind when you appreciate others' perspectives while isolating your own.”
“Mine is a perplexing relationship with Truth. I desire Truth, I ponder about it and I seek it. In fact, I have felt in the past that Truth likes to seek me out, too. But my proclivity is not to apply Truth where it truly matters… And sometimes, I parade like Truth is at my whim to be bent.”
“Mine is a perplexing relationship with Truth. I desire Truth, I ponder about it and I seek it. in fact, I have felt in the past that Truth likes to seek me out, too. But I lack the proclivity to apply Truth where it truly matters… And sometimes, I parade like Truth is at my whim to be bent.”
“Mine is a perplexing relationship with Truth. I desire about Truth, I ponder about it and I seek it. in fact, I have felt in the past that Truth likes to seek me out, too. But I lack the proclivity to apply Truth where it truly matters… And sometimes, I parade like Truth is at my whim to be bent.”
“Mirror is the solid dimension reflectional of waters”
“Mirrors that hide nothing hurt me. But this is the hurt of purging and precious renewal - and these are the mirrors of dangerous grace.”
“Misery builds character, happiness makes cheesecake.”
“Misfortunes make us wise”
“Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom.”
“Mistakes are truth in making.”
“Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.”
“Mockingbirds don’t do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corncribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.”
“Modest doubt is call'd the beacon of the wise.”
“Mom, how do you know if the guy is the guy?” You mean if he’ll be a good husband?” She pauses, then says “The ticket is for the man to love the woman more than she loves him.” Shouldn’t it be equal?” Mom cackles. “It can never be equal.” But what if the woman loves the man more?” A life of hell awaits her. As women, the deck is stacked against us because time is our enemy. We age, while men season . And trust me, there are plenty of women out there looking for a man, and they don’t mind staking a claim on somebody else’s husband, no matter how old, creaky, and deaf they are.”
“Money is the root of all evil.' Then we hear, 'A fool and his money are soon parted.' What are they talking about? If money is so evil, shouldn't it be, 'A wise man and his money are soon parted'? And another thing, how does a fool get money in the first place? I know some fools who have a lot of money, but they won't tell me how they got it, and I won't tell them.”
“Money isn't the solution to your problems. It only lets you carry your unhappiness around in style.”
“Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.”
“Morality is the weakness of the mind.”
“More and more unclutching, you will catch the whole software coding: why and when your heart is asked to pump more, why and when your lungs are asked to breathe deep, why and when your stomach is asked to digest fast, why and when your bp is asked to be low, why and when you experience stress in your brain, why and when you experience peace. *this whole internal coding of your organism will be revealed to you when you sit unclutched.”
“More important than the search for truth is acceptance of ignorance.”
“More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them”
“More profoundly, Nihilist "simplification" may be seen in the universal prestige today accorded the lowest order of knowledge, the scientific, as well as the simplistic ideas of men like Marx, Freud, and Darwin, which underlie virtually the whole of contemporary thought and life. We say "life," for it is important to see that the Nihilist history of our century has not been something imposed from without or above, or at least has not been predominantly this; it has rather presupposed, and drawn its nourishment from, a Nihilist soil that has long been preparing in the hearts of the people. It is precisely from the Nihilism of the commonplace, from the everyday Nihilism revealed in the life and thought and aspiration of the people, that all the terrible events of our century have sprung. The world-view of Hitler is very instructive in this regard, for in him the most extreme and monstrous Nihilism rested upon the foundation of a quite unexceptional and even typical Realism. He shared the common faith in "science," "progress," and "enlightenment" (though not, of course, in "democracy"), together with a practical materialism that scorned all theology, metaphysics, and any thought or action concerned with any other world than the "here and now," priding himself on the fact that he had "the gift of reducing all problems to their simplest foundations." He had a crude worship of efficiency and utility that freely tolerated "birth control", laughed at the institution of marriage as a mere legalization of a sexual impulse that should be "free", welcomed sterilization of the unfit, despised "unproductive elements" such as monks, saw nothing in the cremation of the dead but a "practical" question and did not even hesitate to put the ashes, or the skin and fat, of the dead to "productive use." He possessed the quasi-anarchist distrust of sacred and venerable institutions, in particular the Church with its "superstitions" and all its "outmoded" laws and ceremonies. He had a naive trust in the "natural mom, the "healthy animal" who scorns the Christian virtues--virginity in particular--that impede the "natural functioning" of the body. He took a simple-minded delight in modern conveniences and machines, and especially in the automobile and the sense of speed and "freedom" it affords. There is very little of this crude Weltanschauung that is not shared, to some degree, by the multitudes today, especially among the young, who feel themselves "enlightened" and "liberated," very little that is not typically "modern.”
“More than anything, you need to have faith. That will take you farther than anything else. You might lose your way from time to time, but with faith in your heart you will always find your way home again.”
“More than knowledge man desires to be bewildered.”
“More you know things, closer you come to the unknowable. With knowledge, the courage to face the unknowable must also develop. Otherwise you will keep circling within theories and stories to avoid facing Him.”
“Moreover, knowledge and investigation help promote wonder they do not destroy it. Whatever our tastes, we can generally appreciate such things as music, art or wine better when we understand a bit about them. We read up on our favourite singers or artists because we feel we can appreciate their work better when we know how they think and what they bring to their work. The giddy delight and curiosity that comes from marvelling at the beauty of this universe is deepened, not cheapened, by the laws and facts science gives us to aid our understanding. In a similar way, the psychological tricks at work behind many seemingly paranormal events are truly more fascinating than the explanation of other-worldiness precisely because they are of this world, and say something about how rich and complex and mysterious we are as human beings to be convinced by such trickery, indeed to want to perpetuate it in the first place.”
“Most books are worthy but they are not practical. Because I am a lover of non-fiction works.”
“Most of the bad things happening started as a joke. Then It was game over. Think about this every time when you are busy laughing at the foolish things , you should be reprimanding, because tomorrow you will be crying about the very same things you are laughing at now.”
“Most of the time. We don’t have problems, but the people we choose to bring into our lives or circle are the ones being problematic or bringing problems into our lives.”
“Most of us are suffering from fake selective outrage . We choose to be angry at the people and not being angry at the problem. We choose to be angry at a person, because we hate the person. We don’t care about the problem they caused or crime they committed. If we love the person, then we choose to ignore the problem or crime they committed. Well, all the bad things you choose to ignore don’t go away. They will come back to you.”
“Most of what humans understand about light is nothing, which is not their fault. Humans aren’t supposed to have it all figured out.”
“Most often, what I don’t know will have a vastly greater bearing on my life that what I do know.”
“Most people are who they are because of fear. They had changed their character, personality, behavior and their being because they fear something or someone.”
“Most people know nothing about learning; many despise it. Dummies reject as too hard whatever is not dumb.”
“Most people think I'm crazy—I'm in a cult called happiness, I practice the religion of kindness, I'm a quack in the pseudoscience of love, I work in the field of unlimited possibilities, my diet is that of knowledge, my orientation is irrelevant, my purpose is growth, my entitlement is freedom, my motivation is joy, my evidence is my success, and my race is humankind—I still haven't figured out the crazy part.”
“Most people would rather believe something that is not true about something than accept the fact that they do not understand a thing about that thing.”
“Most people would usually rather guess the wrong answer than say that they do not know.”
“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“Most women had the one thing in common: they had great pain when they gave birth to their children. This should make a bond that held them all together; it should make them love and protect each other against the man-world. But it was not so. It seemed like their great birth pains shrank their hearts and their souls. They stuck together for only one thing: to trample on some other woman  whether it was by throwing stones or by mean gossip. It was the only kind of loyalty they seemed to have. Men were different. They might hate each other but they stuck together against the world and against any woman who would ensnare one of them.”
“Mother's latitude loosens, she shakes out her hair, gets down to the business of repair— of tidying up the mess we've left in her living room.”
“Much of what we often consider knowledge is actually a point of view held without sufficient grounds: in a word, dogma.”
“Mum liked to say that some things happen for a reason, that sometimes obstacles were there to stop you from doing something stupid.”
“Music is   A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy”
“Music is a therapy to keep mind fresh and active. It motivate to every person, maybe mad he can heal with it. Just everyone must have the knowledge how to take benefit of it?”
“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
“Music will change how you think about society.”
“Musicians have always had a better understanding of love than the rest of us. Over the years they have told us that love: is like a rock, is here to stay, is all you need, will find a way, will keep us together, will tear us apart, sucks.”
“Must I accept the barren Gift? -learn death, and lose my Mastery? Then let them know whose blood and breath will take the Gift and set them free: whose is the voice and whose the mind to set at naught the well-sung Game- when finned Finality arrives and calls me by my secret Name. Not old enough to love as yet, but old enough to die, indeed- -the death-fear bites my throat and heart, fanged cousin to the Pale One's breed. But past the fear lies life for all- perhaps for me: and, past my dread, past loss of Mastery and life, the Sea shall yet give up Her dead! Lone Power, I accept your Gift! Freely I make death a part of me; By my accept it is bound into the lives of all the Sea- yet what I do now binds to it a gift I feel of equal worth: I take Death with me, out of Time, and make of it a path, a birth! Let the teeth come! As they tear me, they tear Your ancient hate for aye- -so rage, proud Power! Fail again, and see my blood teach Death to die!”
“My brain is like a Snapple cap. It can hold one piece of information at a time.”
“My dad always says, some people will treat you badly and you can't help that. But how you handle it and how it makes you feel, that's up to you.”
“My desire for knowledge is intermittent; but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant.”
“My father always used to say, "Don't raise your voice. Improve your argument." Good sense does not always lie with the loudest shouters, nor can we say that a large, unruly crowd is always the best arbiter of what is right.”
“My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.”
“My father used to tell me that stories offer the listener a chance to escape but, more importantly, he said, they provide people with a chance to maximize their minds. Suspend ordinary constraints, allow the imagination to be freed, and we are charged with the capability of heighetned thought. Learn to use your eyes as if they are your ears, he said, and you become connected with the ancient heritage of man, a dream world for the waking mind.”
“My feelings are too loud for words and too shy for the world.”
“My friend Madea has "attitude" that comes with wisdom. Back in our teens and twenties, we thought we knew everything and made all those foolish mistakes. Then, when we got a little older, at thirty, we started getting these flashes of light, revelations of what a great and lucky thing it is that we didn't get caught doing those stupid things back then. Around forty, if we are lucky, we stop lying to ourselves. Fifty and above, we've run out of patience for foolishness. Take me to the bottom line.”
“My goddess Saraswati, your treasure is unique. It grows when spent and reduces when hoarded.”
“My grail chalice has been filled with an elixir that is perhaps headier than the wine of fact-it is filled with swirling, essential uncertainty and the difficult, mature task of dwelling in such a state.”
“My gynecologist said my pussy looks weird.”
“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”
“My heart knows what my mind only think it knows.”
“My hustle doesn’t define me. The reason for my hustle does.”
“My ignorance is trying to flatter me that I know everything.”
“My job was simple: have faith through the storm, be determined in my actions, smart in my decisions, trusting of my instinct, and free from worrying about whether I succeeded or failed.”
“My knowledge of environmental radiation problems prevents me from allowing the sky to be filled with tens of thousands of biologically toxic satellites.”
“My knowledge of the dangerous problems that were developing at the Desoto Solar Farm and my following of OSHA law were clearly inconvenient, as the company sprung a surprise resignation meeting on me!”
“My knowledge of your toxic enterprise requires me to shut you down.”
“My life may without God, without religion, without females but I must not a day without knowledge”
“My love can set your soul on fire, or it can burn your world to the ground.”
“My love for you was greater than my wisdom.”
“My mama always said that you should hire a young person while they still know everything. The older they get, the less they know. - Lavonia Jackson”
“My mother always wanted to live near the water," she said. "She said it's the one thing that brings us all together. That I can have my toe in the ocean off the coast of Maine, and a girl my age can have her toe in the ocean off the coast of Africa, and we would be touching. On opposite sides of the world.”
“My people perish from a lack of knowledge  -- Hosea 4:6”
“My priority is not about grades. I seek yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.”
“My soul is in the sky.”
“My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.”
“My uncle says the architects got rid of the front porches because they didn't look well. But my uncle says that was merely rationalizing it; the real reason, hidden underneath, might be they didn't want people sitting like that, doing nothing, rocking, talking; that was the wrong kind of social life. People talked too much. And they had time to think. So they ran off with the porches. And the gardens, too. Not many gardens any more to sit around in. And look at the furniture. No rocking?chairs any more. They're too comfortable. Get people up and running around. My uncle says . . . and . . . my uncle . . . and . . . my uncle . . .”
“My wealth is in my knowledge of self, love, and spirituality.”
“My writing has no “use by” date; it was for yesterday, it is for today and it will be for tomorrow – for everyone.”
“Naive people tend to generalize people as—-good, bad, kind, or evil based on their actions. However, even the smartest person in the world is not the wisest or the most spiritual, in all matters. We are all flawed. Maybe, you didn’t know a few of these things about Einstein, but it puts the notion of perfection to rest. Perfection doesn’t exist in anyone. Nor, does a person’s mistakes make them less valuable to the world. 1. He divorced the mother of his children, which caused Mileva, his wife, to have a break down and be hospitalized. 2.He was a ladies man and was known to have had several affairs; infidelity was listed as a reason for his divorce. 3.He married his cousin. 4.He had an estranged relationship with his son. 5. He had his first child out of wedlock. 6. He urged the FDR to build the Atom bomb, which killed thousands of people. 7. He was Jewish, yet he made many arguments for the possibility of God. Yet, hypocritically he did not believe in the Jewish God or Christianity. He stated, “I believe in Spinoza’s God who reveals himself in the harmony of all that exists, not in a God who concerns himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.”
“Names are powerful things.”
“Nationality is no excuse for ignorance.”
“Nations whose libraries are empty have always been at the bottom of the rankings in history!”
“Nature doesn't create questions without creating the answers first.”
“Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy”
“Navigate through research to develop discoveries.”
“Navigate toward what you want rather than fixating on the past.”
“Neglect of mathematics work injury to all knowledge, since he who is ignorant of it cannot know the other sciences or things of this world. And what is worst, those who are thus ignorant are unable to perceive their own ignorance, and so do not seek a remedy.”
“Neoliberalism has, to a great extent, succeeded in replacing in-depth, critical, and independent social science with research funded by corporations to serve corporate interests. We are seeing a sharp decline of independent writers and researchers and a sharp rise of UX (user experience) jobs that are often narrow in scope, and solely focused on understanding users not to create a more informed and critical society, but simply to increase numbers, get users to consume more, and to increase profits for the few at the top.”
“Neteric pretty much means "Primordial." The "Neters" are embodied "Deities" of primordial currents. Neters became "Deities" when there were given human forms to make them more relatable. Otherwise, they are the same currents flowing everywhere in the Universe.”
“Never assume that what you know is all there is to know.”
“Never be afraid of not knowing, young man. Not knowing is ze practice of poets and sages.”
“Never be horrible to people who are good to you . Never be ungrateful to their sacrifice and shame their efforts. Never think so highly of yourself and nothing of them. You will suffer in life.”
“Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.”
“Never doubt wisdom. Only doubt the knowledge before it.”
“Never fear knowledge hidden from you.”
“Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.”
“Never forget that you are not in the world; the world is in you. When anything happens to you, take the experience inward. Creation is set up to bring you constant hints and clues about your role as co-creator. Your soul is metabolizing experience as surely as your body is metabolizing food”
“Never in this quest have I found a simple answer; every lead is always a prelude to more questions.”
“Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment. An honest woman can sell tangerines all day and remain a good person until she dies, but there will always be naysayers who will try to convince you otherwise. Perhaps this woman did not give them something for free, or at a discount. Perhaps too, that she refused to stand with them when they were wrong — or just stood up for something she felt was right. And also, it could be that some bitter women are envious of her, or that she rejected the advances of some very proud men. Always trust your heart. If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to her.”
“Never laugh at live dragons.”
“Never let your scars become drowned in gold.”
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”
“Never let your uniqueness be compromised”
“Never lie to an engineer about their specialty, as they will know that you are lying to them.”
“Never pause unless you have a reason for it, but when you pause, pause as long as you can.”
“Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.”
“Never question another man's motive. His wisdom, yes, but not his motives.”
“Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.”
“Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.”
“Never rely on rested hills for it is a leap on a step-forward but rather simplate a walk on a back-towards”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”
“Never say no to now”
“Never settle on High Mountains for it is a height of a peak Fountain but rather grow towards into the never-ending Heavens above”
“Never sit home all day go forth, meet people, and find something to get into because that is where true experiences develop. But remember the best experiences are things that develop social intelligence, personal fun, and can make you grow as a person.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“Never stop dreaming. Follow the omens. When you want something, all the universe conspires to help you achieve it, the old king had said.”
“Never think that you know everything. We can become a master of our craft, but even in that space, we are still students. As long as we are alive, we are meant to keep learning and absorbing new data.”
“Never trust anyone Daniel, especially the people you admire”
“Never underestimate a committed person.”
“Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups”
“Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others.”
“Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right. Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.”
“Never wise to reveal the beauty of waters that put off fire when aveil”
“Never, never, never give in!”
“New knowledge does not rule this world, old knowledge does.”
“New knowledge enhances an ever increasing sense of our own ignorance. The more we know, the more we know we don't know. Feynman called it 'the expanding frontier of ignorance'.”
“New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become.”
“New paradigms are not always the same thing, just up a few levels. They may require entirely new frameworks of consciousness. In some cases, new paradigms need Satori or epiphany moments while being hugely resistant to explanations. Entrenched paradigms may have self-preservation hardwired into them.”
“Nico knew something about ghosts. Letting them get inside your head was dangerous. He wanted to help Reyna, but since his own strategy was to deal with his problems alone, spurning anyone who tried to get close, he couldn’t exactly criticize Reyna for doing the same thing.”
“Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.”
“No Avatar is ever the same person. You and the flame change with every moment, every generation. YOU are one flame, and you are many." The sounds pouring forth from Nyahitha turned into echoes of themselves, an overtone, a reverberation. They lost their meaning and found their weight. "One and many. You are the flame. One out of many, one and the many.”
“No art takes places without inspiration. Every artist also needs effective knowledge of his or her tools (e.g., does a certain brush function well with a particular kind of paint?). What’s more, artists need effective techniques for using those tools. Likewise, to express ourselves skillfully with maximum efficiency and minimum effort, we need to investigate the most effective ways of using the mind and body since, in the end, they are the only “tools” we truly possess in life.”
“No civilization, including Plato's, has ever been destroyed because its citizens learned too much.”
“No creature is ever without the need to seek out other beings. Whether for companionship, enjoyment, knowledge, or nourishment, life is reliant on life.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“No life is more important than another and nothing has been without a purpose, nothing.”
“No loss should ever be viewed as a failure.”
“No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge. The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple, among his followers, gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness. If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind.”
“No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.”
“No man is as wise as Mother Earth. She has witnessed every human day, every human struggle, every human pain, and every human joy. For maladies of both body and spirit, the wise ones of old pointed man to the hills. For man too is of the dust and Mother Earth stands ready to nurture and heal her children.”
“No man is poor who has a Godly mother.”
“No matter how great your talent, talent has to work with knowledge to do anything well.”
“No matter how hard the situation, think positive, think constructive, and be constructive.”
“No matter how kind you are, always expect a few imbeciles.”
“No matter how long a human being’s life is, one day it ends. Useful knowledge is the only thing that remains afterwards. It keeps flying in the sky until it finds a new curious person, who catches it and develops it further.”
“No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.”
“No matter how much you think you know it is nothing compared to whatever out there. If the world itself does not know when it ends but only God knows, then the perfect source of knowledge is from God.”
“No matter how quickly he reads, he will not be better off if, as is too often true, he does not know what he is looking for and does not know when he has found it.”
“No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.”
“No matter what you do, someone always knew you would.”
“No mortal man has ever served at the same time his passions and his best interests.”
“No one believes a liar even when he tells the truth”
“No one cares how much you know until they know how much you care.”
“No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care”
“No one has free will until they are an adult, and by then the choices that were made for them, have already set them on a course that gives limited freedom in the choices to be made.”
“No one in this world is more important than you and nothing in this world is more important than your compassion. Let your kindness shine upon them like the Sun and brighten humanity furthermore.”
“No one is defined by a single act," Frederic said. "Whether it was years ago or weeks ago. We're all given chances to change, to make up for things we've done wrong. It's how we handle those opportunities that really matters.”
“No one is ever going to give you something that they're too afraid to even claim for themselves. People don't know themselves, so they don't like to see other people figure it out and live their lives in ways that they themselves cannot. So they try to box you in, and limit you, so they don't feel inadequate. But you don't need their approval- the only person who ever, ever limits you is yourself.”
“No one is going to give you the education you need to overthrow them. Nobody is going to teach you your true history, teach you your true heroes, if they know that that knowledge will help set you free.”
“No one knows anything, really. It's all rented, or borrowed.”
“No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve our goals.”
“No one, from pontiffs to professors, has a monopoly on the truth. In the end, we are all just travelers--not scientists or mystics or any one brand of thinker. By nature, we are scientists and mystics, reductionists and holists, left-brained and right-brained, mixed up creatures trying to catch an occasional glimpse of the truth. The best we can do is to be tolerant of both sides of our nature--knowing that these reflect the twin aspect of the universe--and learn from whatever wisdom is offered.”
“No people who are ignorant can be truly free.”
“No person should live in fear In the country they were born in.”
“No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one; for those who invent biscuits bring great pleasure to many.”
“No point pruning the tree if you're not watering its roots.”
“No power and no treasure can outweigh the extension of our knowledge.”
“No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.”
“No shortcut to wisdom. No tollways to be wise.”
“No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.”
“No, Little Nightmare. In all the many years before you first terrified me, I never   married." He raised an eyebrow as if to suggest more by the word. "That kind of knowledge of a person has its own kind of power. I have never felt so overcome that I have desired another person to know what makes me gasp with delight or sigh with pleasure. Knowledge is power. And I have kept that power to myself." He looked up at the stars before continuing. "It's so much harder to be cruel when you're in love. And so much easier to be betrayed.”
“No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”
“No, that is the great fallacy: the wisdom of old men. They do not grow wise. They grow careful.”
“No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.”
“Nobody is born with a brain full of knowledge and wisdom. All you can be born with is an intention for learning.”
“Nobody is smarter than you are. And what if they are? What good is their understanding doing you?”
“Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.”
“Nobody knows like a woman how to say things that are both sweet and profound. Sweetness and depth, this is all of woman; this is Heaven.”
“Nobody knows, nobody can ever know, not even in memory, because there are moments in time that are not knowable.”
“Nobody owns the knowledge, We must pass it to others.”
“Nobody will save yeu, Some can't even save themselves”
“Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.”
“Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.”
“Normalization takes place not because there is Western-ideology that normalizes third-world texts in any special way (other than the usual play with exoticism) but because this academic seeks to domesticate everything, even Marx.”
“Norse mythology hints at Odinic cults, with Odin being worshipped through a combination of ecstatic and seemingly shamanistic rituals. From the eddic poem The Sayings of the High One ( Hávamál ), he is said to have hanged himself in a sacrificial ritual on a tree. Barely surviving this ordeal, Odin gains arcane knowledge, including the use of runes, the ancient Scandinavian alphabet sometimes used for magical purposes. In the poem, Odin chants : I know that I hung on the wind-swept tree all nine nights with spear was I wounded and given to Odin, myself to me, on that tree which no one knows from which roots it grows. Bread I was not given, no drink from the horn, downwards I glared; up I pulled the runes, screaming I took them, from there I fell back again. - excerpt from Jesse L. Byock's Introduction and Notes, of Sturluson's Prose Edda.”
“Not all men (and especially the wisest) share the opinion that it is bad for women to be educated. But it is very true that many foolish men have claimed this because it displeased them that women knew more than they did.”
“Not all successful people are spiritual but all spiritual people are successful.”
“Not all wise words were spoken by the wise”
“Not being credited on the album did not mean you were not getting credit and building your resume. The producers, studios, and labels were quick to learn about and keep names on files of those that could handle the work and keep their mouths shut.”
“Not choosing is also a choice, only if know you have options.”
“Not every battle is a call to arms.”
“Not every change is evolution, and humanity needs to learn the difference.”
“Not every man knows what he shall sing at the end”
“Not everybody knows everything, but every individual knows something.”
“Not everyone has a book in them.”
“Not knowing is exciting. It's an opportunity to discover.”
“Not only do you become what you think about, but the world also becomes what you think about. Those who think that the world is a dark place are blind to the light that might illuminate their lives. Those who see the light of the world view the dark spots as merely potential light.”
“Not what happens to you But how you accept it Is of paramount importance.”
“Notebooks, however flimsy or fancy, are a writer’s indispensable tool.”
“Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.”
“Nothing can illustrate these observations more forcibly, than a recollection of the happy conjuncture of times and circumstances, under which our Republic assumed its rank among the Nations; The foundation of our Empire was not laid in the gloomy age of Ignorance and Superstition, but at an Epoch when the rights of mankind were better understood and more clearly defined, than at any former period, the researches of the human mind, after social happiness, have been carried to a great extent, the Treasures of knowledge, acquired by the labours of Philosophers, Sages and Legislatures, through a long succession of years, are laid open for our use, and their collected wisdom may be happily applied in the Establishment of our forms of Government ; the free cultivation of Letters, the unbounded extension of Commerce, the progressive refinement of Manners, the growing liberality of sentiment  have had a meliorating influence on mankind and increased the blessings of Society. At this auspicious period, the United States came into existence as a Nation, and if their Citizens should not be completely free and happy, the fault will be entirely their own. [ Circular to the States, 8 June 1783 - Writings 26:484--89 ]”
“Nothing complements a fast mind better than a slow tongue. And nothing aggravates a slow mind better than a fast tongue.”
“Nothing good was learnt too swiftly. Knowledge should be a purposeful accumulance of observed experience, applied and tested to the full.”
“Nothing in life is a problem, everything is a possibility”
“Nothing in this world is complicated, only misunderstood.”
“Nothing in this world is difficult, but thinking makes it seem so. Where there is true will, there is always a way.”
“Nothing is born of nothing, least of all knowledge, modernity, or enlightened thought; progress is made in tiny surges, in successive laps, like an endless relay race. But there are links without which nothing would be passed on, and for that reason, they deserve the gratitude of all who benefited from them.”
“Nothing is generous. New knowledge is a valuable commodity. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we are.”
“Nothing is more beautiful than to know all.”
“Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.”
“Nothing is solved when we assume everybody to know everything and that the real problem is rather how it can be brought about that as much of the available knowledge as possible is used. This raises for a competitive society the question, now how we can 'find' the people who know best, but rather what institutional arrangements are necessary in order that the unknown persons who have knowledge specially suited to a particular task are more likely to be attracted to that task.”
“Nothing is truly black or white, beautiful or ugly, and bad or good. Perception is truly key.”
“Nothing, Everything, Anything, Something: If you have nothing, then you have everything, because you have the freedom to do anything, without the fear of losing something.”
“Now that physics is proving the intelligence of the universe what are we to do about the stupidity of mankind? I include myself. I know that the earth is not flat but my feet are. I know that space is curved but my brain has been condoned by habit to grow in a straight line. What I call light is my own blend of darkness. What I call a view is my hand-painted trompe-l'oeil. I run after knowledge like a ferret down a ferret hole. My limitations, I call the boundaries of what can be known. I interpret the world by confusing other people's psychology with my own.”
“Nowadays Crypto Rule the World. So your need to create your Own Token now! & save your Future. Don't Delay Book a FREE Consultation Now! Call: +91 9791771666”
“Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.”
“O Heavenly Children, God's messengers are as limitless as the fish in the sea. They come in all colors, regions, languages and creeds. But their message is one and the same, don't you see? He only wishes to unite all His children under one family tree.”
“O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him; for he would never instigate war between brothers, or encourage tribes to harbor resentment towards one another. He prefers the man who loves over the one who hates. And the man who spreads kindness, peace and knowledge, over the one who spreads lies, fear and terror — and misuses His name.”
“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”
“O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.”
“O how incomprehensible everything was, and actually sad, although it was also beautiful. One knew nothing. One lived and ran about the earth and rode through forests, and certain things looked so challenging and promising and nostalgic: a star in the evening, a blue harebell, a reed-green pond, the eye of a person or a cow. And sometimes it seemed that something never seen yet long desired was about to happen, that a veil would drop from it all, but then it passed, nothing happened, the riddle remained unsolved, the secret spell unbroken, and in the end one grew old and looked cunning . . . or wise . . . and still one knew nothing perhaps, was still waiting and listening.”
“Ô, Wanderess, Wanderess When did you feel your most euphoric kiss? Was I the source of your greatest bliss?”
“Oblivion here thy wisdom is, Thy thrift, the sleep of cares; For a proud idleness like this Crowns all thy mean affairs.”
“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
“Obstacles are those frightening things you see when you take you eyes off your goal.”
“Obviously, if theism is a belief in a God and atheism is a lack of a belief in a God, no third position or middle ground is possible. A person can either believe or not believe in a God. Therefore, our previous definition of atheism has made an impossibility out of the common usage of agnosticism to mean 'neither affirming nor denying a belief in God.' Actually, this is no great loss, because the dictionary definition of agnostic is still again different from Huxley ’s definition. The literal meaning of agnostic is one who holds that some aspect of reality is unknowable. Therefore, an agnostic is not simply someone who suspends judgment on an issue, but rather one who suspends judgment because he feels that the subject is unknowable and therefore no judgment can be made. It is possible, therefore, for someone not to believe in a God (as Huxley did not) and yet still suspend judgment (ie, be an agnostic) about whether it is possible to obtain knowledge of a God. Such a person would be an atheistic agnostic. It is also possible to believe in the existence of a force behind the universe, but to hold (as did Herbert Spencer ) that any knowledge of that force was unobtainable. Such a person would be a theistic agnostic.”
“Of all people only those are at leisure who make time for philosophy, only those are really alive. For they not only keep a good watch over their own lifetimes, but they annex every age to theirs. All the years that have passed before them are added to their own. Unless we are very ungrateful, all those distinguished founders of holy creeds were born for us and prepared for us a way of life. By the toil of others we are led into the presence of things which have been brought from darkness into light. We are excluded from no age, but we have access to them all; and if we are prepared in loftiness of mind to pass beyond the narrow confines of human weakness, there is a long period of time through which we can roam.”
“Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.”
“Of course, 1+1 makes 2 and blue to yellow gives green. But if we forget for a while the abstract knowledge or the laws of nature, and focus on the “knowledge” of particular situations, events, persons etc., then we can observe that it is almost never: “I know”; it is practically always: “I believe”. Humans and all the intelligent creatures of this world operate through beliefs, more or less justified, more or less true, more or less convincing. Because the biological apparatus of one hundred percent accuracy has not yet been “invented” in nature. And it never will.”
“Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.”
“Of course, the Capital had not changed. It was Ari who had changed, who in her eleven years had already become older and wiser than many had the burden to be at any age. The brown shingles still gleamed in the sun and the cobblestones still felt smooth and pure beneath her feet, but she saw new things, she saw more. It was a movement of minds, of arms, of business that now passed before her watchful eyes. It may not have been magic, but it was still knowledge, and it was still secrets.”
“Of course. You get everything from books.”
“Of time, money, and knowledge, time is the most important. While you can re-earn the money you have lost and regain lost knowledge, time once gone cannot be got back!”
“Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to a mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on a rock." - Frankenstein p115”
“Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to the mind, when it has once seized on it, like a lichen on the rock. I wished sometimes to shake off all thought and feeling; but I learned that there was but one means to overcome the sensation of pain, and that was death -- a state which I feared yet did not understand.”
“Of whom and of what can I say: "I know that"! This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. For if I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all those likewise that have been attributed to it, this upbringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up. This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance the gap will never be filled.”
“Offer of wisdom is for all, accepting it is only for the wise, and rejecting it is left for the fools.”
“Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.”
“Often the soul is ripened into fuller goodness while age has spread an ugly film, so that mere glances can never divine the preciousness of the fruit”
“Oh dear Sunday, I am so happy that I want your entire wisdom at my dinner table.”
“Oh, I have a habit of letting myself be lectured on the things I know best. I like to see if they are understood in the same way I understand; for there are many ways of knowing the same thing”
“Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise To talk; one thing is certain, that Life flies; One thing is certain, and the Rest is Lies; The Flower that once has blown forever dies.”
“Oh, don't be so wise and stupid.”
“Oh, no, for there’s no poison so deadly as belief. To have settled on one view alone is folly. Belief is not thinking. It’s blind acceptance. We think of knowledge as something static, but ’tis not so. Knowledge grows over time, while beliefs shrink.”
“Oho, now I know what you are. You are an advocate of Useful Knowledge . Well, allow me to introduce myself to you as an advocate of Ornamental Knowledge. You like the mind to be a neat machine, equipped to work efficiently, if narrowly, and with no extra bits or useless parts. I like the mind to be a dustbin of scraps of brilliant fabric, odd gems, worthless but fascinating curiosities, tinsel, quaint bits of carving, and a reasonable amount of healthy dirt. Shake the machine and it goes out of order; shake the dustbin and it adjusts itself beautifully to its new position.”
“Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.”
“Old men tend to forget what thought was like in their youth; they forget the quickness of the mental jump, the daring of the youthful intuition, the agility of the fresh insight. They become accustomed to the more plodding varieties of reason, and because this is more than made up by the accumulation of experience, old men think themselves wiser than the young.”
“Old people have wisdom but not energy; young people have energy but not wisdom; energy and wisdom must be in the same body to create a much better civilisation! To do this, we will either give energy to the old or we will give wisdom to the young and for now the latter seems a more plausible action!”
“Old words are reborn with new faces.”
“Omnipotence and omniscience are the end of power and knowledge.”
“On other walks, the retriever had been dismayed to discover the squirrels, which he could approach safely, were terrified of him. They froze with fear, stared wild-eyed, small hearts pounding visibly. WHY SQUIRRELS AFRAID? he had asked Travis one evening. "Instinct," Travis had explained. "You're a dog, and they know instinctively that dogs will attack and kill them." NOT ME. "No, not you," Travis agreed, ruffling the dog's coat. "You wouldn't hurt them. But the squirrels don't know you're different, do they? To them, you look like a dog, and you smell like a dog, so you've got to be feared like a dog." I LIKE SQUIRRELS. "I know. Unfortunately, they're not smart enough to realize it." Consequently, Einstein kept his distance from the squirrels and tried hard not to terrify them, often sauntering past with his head turned the other way as if unaware of them.”
“On that herb, the science of kayakalpa will be programmed. When you take that in, all the parasites sitting inside you which makes you addicted to food and activities which are not aligned to your kayakalpa, all those parasites will be sent out of you. You will be detoxed and free from those. So automatically your thought currents, lifestyle, even desires will be aligned to your immortality, to your kayakalpa.*the whole system needs to raise to that extreme powerful, intelligent awareness.”
“On the road to wisdom, behave like a raven and observe everything carefully!”
“Once I believed in reality. Now I don't know what to believe anymore. I even doubt the environment thing. Do they want to spread electricity to be able to sabotage & kill silently anyone posing "threat" to their "good" fame?”
“Once a day, especially in the early years of life and study, call yourselves to an account what new ideas, what new proposition or truth you have gained, what further confirmation of known truths, and what advances you have made in any part of knowledge.”
“Once a man knows good from evil, nothing on earth can compel him to act against that knowledge.”
“Once a wolf, always a wolf.”
“Once could not learn history from architecture any more than once could learn it from books. Statues, inscriptions, memorial stones, the names of streets – anything that might throw light upon the past had been systematically altered.”
“Once in a very long time you come across a book that is far, far more than the ink, the glue and the paper, a book that seeps into your blood. With such a book the impact isn't necessarily obvious at first but the more you read it and re-read it, and live with it, and travel with it, the more it speaks to you, and the more you realize that you cannot live without that book. It's then that the wisdom hidden inside, the seed, is passed on.”
“Once is never. Twice is always.”
“Once knowledge is equated with ideology, it is no longer necessary to argue with opponents on intellectual grounds or to enter into their point of view. It is enough to dismiss them as Eurocentric, racist, sexist, homophobic in other words, as politically suspect.”
“Once people know something is possible, the pace of new findings increases. After that, it's like trying to get a swarm of hornets back in to their nest.”
“Once the writer in every individual comes to life (and that time is not far off), we are in for an age of universal deafness and lack of understanding.”
“Once upon a time, when I first ventured out to cover war in the Middle East, I carted around palm-sized books of poems by early twentieth century poets like Wilfried Owen, and at night I would fall asleep beneath a dim lamp light submerged in beautifully written conflict memoirs by John Hersey and Michael Herr, comforted by the anecdotes of sadness and self-preservation. These days, I carry with me a hand-scrawled notebook of the above words of wisdom and reflection, treasuring the many inspiring humans who have welcomed me into their lives in their darkest and most triumphant moments. These beautifully ordinary people remind me that we all have the innate potential not only to surmount, but to thrive. Go forth and conquer. The choice is yours.”
“Once you know this kind of love, you will never question love again. You’ll know it when you see it. You’ll know it when you feel it. You will never be confused by something that is something else.”
“Once you learn to question, you will start to learn.”
“Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“One billion b-balls dribbling simultaneously throughout the galaxy. One trillion b-balls being slam dunked through a hoop throughout the cosmos. I can feel every single b-ball that has ever existed at my fingertips, I can feel their collective knowledge channeling through my veins. Every jumpshot, every rebound and three-pointer, every layup, dunk, and free throw. I am there.”
“One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”
“One day we will all wear a garment which has no pockets ”
“One good person can do a million good things in this world”
“One had to live a long time to know a man's true nature.”
“One hand I extend into myself, the other toward others.”
“One hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the most skillful, subduing the other's military without battle is the most skillful.”
“One ignorant of the plans of neighboring states cannot prepare alliances in good time; if ignorant of the conditions of mountains, forests, dangerous defiles, swamps and marshes he cannot conduct the march of an army; if he fails to make use of native guides he cannot gain the advantages of the ground. A general ignorant of even one of these three matters is unfit to command the armies of a Hegemonic King.”
“One is often so busy doing life that it is easy to avoid evaluating whether you are putting your energy in the direction you value most.”
“One is seldom unchanged by the death of those one loves. It gives me a deeper knowledge of them, and so of oneself in regard to them.”
“One knows so little. When one knows more it is too late.”
“One knows what being in love is like and it is a very terrible thing.”
“One life is enough to experience life to the fullest.”
“One may enter the literary parlor via just about any door, be it the prison door, the madhouse door, or the brothel door. There is but one door one may not enter it through, which is the child room door. The critics will never forgive you such. The great Rudyard Kipling is one of a number of people to have suffered from this. I keep wondering to myself what this peculiar contempt towards anything related to childhood is all about.”
“One might have said that reason made him flee from reason.”
“One might suppose that reality must be held to at all costs. However, though that may be the moral thing to do, it is not necessarily the most useful thing to do. The Greeks themselves chose the ideal over the real in their geometry and demonstrated very well that far more could be achieved by consideration of abstract line and form than by a study of the real lines and forms of the world; the greater understanding achieved through abstraction could be applied most usefully to the very reality that was ignored in the process of gaining knowledge.”
“One must find the source within one's own Self, one must possess it. Everything else was seeking -- a detour, an error.”
“One must know a great many unimportant things in order to know those few things which are important.”
“One must know oneself. Even if that does not help in finding truth, at least it helps in running one's life, and nothing is more proper.”
“One must learn to embrace the expertise of others, just like one expects one's own expertise to be embraced by others.”
“One must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.”
“One no longer loves one's knowledge sufficiently after one has communicated it.”
“One of the beautiful parts of science is that it allows us to query/question God at His level.”
“One of the best ways to support the development of patience is to cultivate happiness with yourself.”
“One of the disadwantages of school and learning, he thought dreamily, was that the mind seemed to have the tendency too see and represent all things as though they were flat and had only two dimensions. This, somehow, seemed to render all matters of intellect shallow and worthless ”
“One of the dumbest things you were ever taught was to write what you know. Because what you know is usually dull. Remember when you first wanted to be a writer? Eight or ten years old, reading about thin-lipped heroes flying over mysterious viny jungles toward untold wonders? That's what you wanted to write about, about what you didn't know. So. What mysterious time and place don't we know?" [ Remember This: Write What You Don't Know ( New York Times Book Review , December 31, 1989)]”
“One of the greatest gifts from God is the eternal perspective. It is a level of fearlessness, a level of understanding where one can experience even emotional harmony with God.”
“One of the greatest pieces of economic wisdom is to know what you do not know.”
“One of the greatest problems of our time is that many are schooled but few are educated.”
“One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.”
“One of the main reasons Jesus wanted Mari (Mary Magdalene) to start her own following of female disciples was because in those times, Jewish women had no probative value in society and were therefore not even given a basic education. Their intellect was considered decidedly inferior to men's and apart from this, women's far superior intuition was interpreted as a characteristic that associated them to the devil since the men could not quite understand this inner knowledge or find a plausible explanation for it ”
“One of the many lessons she’d been taught at Quantico was to live by her training, to do what was known to work for a thousand times a thousand other lawmen, but also to recognize when by-the-book would result in a eulogy and a postmortem commendation, and then to trust the intuition that was truer than anything learned.”
“One of the most serious damages caused by the domination and hegemony of Western knowledge is that it makes you dismiss knowledge from every other part of the world – even your own – as less than or inferior. To decolonize, then, means to believe in our ability to be producers not just consumers of knowledge. In any walk of life, being just a consumer carries the danger of being deprived and impoverished as soon as the suppliers choose to block their production from you (be it knowledge, goods, mobility, and so on), which is precisely what happens when the West practices its favorite vicious game of sanctioning and cornering any country or group of people that dares to challenge its hegemony, or seek to change the rules of the game as we know it.”
“One of the most toxic things a person can do to themselves is keep a known enemy closer to them than a known friend.”
“One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts- just mere thoughts- are as powerful as electric batteries- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got you in you may never get over it as long as you live.”
“One of the signs of the lovers of God is the love for the knowledge relating to the shape of heavenly bodies, and the knowledge of the chain of causes descending from the exalted God, the method of dissecting the human body and its internal organs and his faculties and devices. Unless these kinds of knowledge, which are the scales and ladders extending from the servant to the Lord, are uncovered to him, how can he reach God's knowledge? And if this knowledge is not gained, how can love be achieved or even imagined?”
“One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone.”
“One thing I believe in is that knowledge increases when you share.”
“One thing a man must have: either a naturally light disposition or a disposition lightened by art and knowledge.”
“One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.”
“One true king knew when to step aside and give up the reins of power—to remove his crown and relinquish his kingdom—all for the sake of glimpsing, just once in a lifetime, the face of a holy child. He was the Fourth to follow the Star. His gift was a secret. The rest of his journey is unknown.”
“One way to define wisdom is the ability to see, into the future, the consequences of your choices in the present. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like.”
“One who never anticipates deceit or expects duplicity, and yet is the first to recognize such things – is that not a sage indeed?”
“One's rebuke engraves itself upon the mind more than one's praise.”
“Only A Wise Man Is Capable Of Asking Stupid Questions”
“Only a blind man can easily define what light is. When you do not know, you are bold. Ignorance is always bold; knowledge hesitates. And the more you know, the more you feel that the ground underneath is dissolving. The more you know, the more you feel how ignorant you are.”
“Only a deep conviction converts a man.”
“Only a female could be as calculating and have the foresight that destiny requires,' the gypsy explained. 'Now fate is a man,' he went on, 'no planning, just go with the flow and see what tomorrow brings.”
“Only a fool checks the depth of a river with both feet.”
“Only a fool is warned twice.”
“Only a mind free of impediment is capable of grasping the chaotic beauty of the world. This is our greatest asset.”
“Only apologize if you have hurt someone, you did it on purpose, and regret it”
“Only be rebellious for good reasons.”
“Only fools talk about wisdom, the wise knows to keep silent and let their action do the talking.”
“Only ignorance excuses stupidity”
“Only one who has learned much can fully appreciate his ignorance.”
“Only the dumb thinks of their own insight to be the best, the wise on the other hand recognizes and embraces the good from everyone.”
“Only the subject's individual consciousness can testify for the unwitnessed acts, and there is no act more deprived of external testimony than the act of knowing.”
“Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.”
“Only those who are mentally immature will still see success, or wealth, as a tragedy in our generation.”
“Only those who row the boat make waves”
“Only through Beauty's morning-gate, dost thou penetrate the land of knowledge.”
“Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.”
“Only two kinds of people can attain self-knowledge: those who are not encumbered at all with learning, that is to say, whose minds are not over-crowded with thoughts borrowed from others; and those who, after studying all the scriptures and sciences, have come to realise that they know nothing.”
“Only wise men look for new wisdom.”
“Only you know what you know, Better, Know it better..!”
“Open thy mind; take in what I explain and keep it there; because to understand is not to know, if thou dost not retain.”
“Opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge. It requires no accountability, no understanding. The highest form of knowledge… is empathy, for it requires us to suspend our egos and live in another’s world. It requires profound purpose larger than the self kind of understanding.”
“Opinion is usually something which people have when they lack comprehensive information.”
“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
“Opportunity is swift of flight but slow to return.”
“Or take this girl, for example. At a meeting just outside Paris, a fifteen-year-old girl came up to me and said that she'd been to see [The Double Life of] Véronique. She'd gone once, twice, three times and only wanted to say one thing really - that she realized that there is such a thing as a soul. She hadn't known before, but now she knew that the soul does exist. There's something very beautiful in that. It was worth making Véronique for that girl. It was worth working for a year, sacrificing all that money, energy, time, patience, torturing yourself, killing yourself, taking thousands of decisions, so that one young girl in Paris should realize that there is such a thing as a soul. It's worth it.”
“Ordinary people merely think how they shall 'spend' their time; a man of talent tries to 'use' it.”
“Our Creator knows us better than we know ourselves, and His knowledge encompasses much that we will never be able to grasp.”
“Our Peter Pan generation is unhappy. All our lives, we want to grow up— to be treated like adults, to have freedom to choose. Then we get here and it turns out being an adult sucks. We pay the bills and taxes, watching others succeed while we are forever waiting for our turn. We believe we are special, but nothing special has come our way.”
“Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.”
“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”
“Our bidadi banyan tree - kalpavriksha, has the unique power that even if you are not there in bidadi ashram physically, if you see the live webcam relay and do pranayama, you will experience the same thing! Each tree’s breathing space has certain energy when you do pranayama under that tree. That energy gets filled inside your system.”
“Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge.”
“Our great mistake in education is, as it seems to me, the worship of book-learning–the confusion of instruction and education. We strain the memory instead of cultivating the mind . The children in our elementary schools are wearied by the mechanical act of writing, and the interminable intricacies of spelling; they are oppressed by columns of dates, by lists of kings and places, which convey no definite idea to their minds, and have no near relation to their daily wants and occupations; while in our public schools the same unfortunate results are produced by the weary monotony of Latin and Greek grammar. We ought to follow exactly the opposite course with children–to give them a wholesome variety of mental food, and endeavor to cultivate their tastes, rather than to fill their minds with dry facts. The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn . What does it matter if the pupil know a little more or a little less? A boy who leaves school knowing much, but hating his lessons, will soon have forgotten almost all he ever learned; while another who had acquired a thirst for knowledge, even if he had learned little, would soon teach himself more than the first ever knew.”
“Our habits limit what we can see, access, sense, and know.”
“Our indigenous herbalists say to pay attention when plants come to you; they’re bringing you something you need to learn.”
“Our jobs were never meant to become the center of us. They were never meant to be the source of our worthiness. They were never meant to become the start and end of our identity.”
“Our knowing - even of the most unexceptional kind - is always too big, too rich, too an cient, and too connected for us to be the source of it individually. At the same time, our knowing - even of the most elevated kind - is too en gaged, too precise, too tailored, too active, and too experiential for it to be just of a generic size. The experience of knowing is no less unique, no less creative, and no less extraordinary for being one of participa tion. As a matter of fact, on the face of it, it would probably not amount to much otherwise.”
“Our lives are a relentless succession of efforts to feed our urges and relieve our anxieties.”
“Our lives are burdened by the weight of numerous obligations that serve no purpose other than fulfilling our belief that they serve a purpose.”
“Our logic is convinced that randomness is too random to be anything other than random. But could it be that this the randomness of our logic?”
“Our mind is enriched by what we receive, our heart by what we give.”
“Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them. ”
“Our obsession of being accepted by others has turned us into a society that has No shame . No love. No remorse . No morals. No role models. No direction. No rules. No laws. No gender . No culture. No religion. No respect of others and for ourselves. Mostly we have No boundaries. That is why the things are the way they are now.”
“Our pain contains truth. Experiencing our painful emotions provide opportunities for truth to surface. "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." (John 8:32). The original Greek word of for "know" is ginosko, which means to know the truth through personal, firsthand experience.”
“Our physical world seems ready and able to accommodate the needs of the spiritually awakened new Superhuman. The constraints or demands of our material world are not the real problem; it is our own spiritual awareness and philosophical wisdom that is lagging behind.”
“Our power lies in our small daily choices, one after another, to create eternal ripples of a life well lived.”
“Our purpose can change, and that's okay. The WHY isn't always a fixed thing. Our job is to know ourselves better every day so we can identify the WHY to better equip ourselves to deal with the HOW.”
“Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.”
“Our worst fears, like our greatest hopes, are not outside our powers, and we can come in the end to triumph over the former and to achieve the latter.”
“Out of the ashes of failing health, discovery was born.”
“Owning land is like owning the ocean, or the air. no one owns land.”
“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”
“Pain is the only teacher that demands the attention of every students and suffering only response when fools refuses to pay attention.”
“Pardon, old father, my mistaking eyes That have been so bedazzled with the sun That everything I look on seemeth green. Now I perceive thou art a reverend father. Pardon, I pray thee, for my mad mistaking.”
“Parents are always more knowledgeable than their children, and children are always smarter than their parents.”
“Passion and talent with right knowledge and consistent practice leads to self fulfilment.”
“Passion for knowledge, motivation for continuous learning.”
“Pastors now are mistakenly seen, and perhaps even see themselves, as teaching what Christians are supposed to believe (perhaps what we had better believe), not what is known and what can be known through fair inquiry.”
“Pathology is a fact independent of the observer, but how one responds to symptoms is drawn from knowledge and experience.”
“Patience comes to those who think.”
“Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time.”
“Patience is a natural consequence of the cultivation of compassion & love, for ourselves and all beings.”
“Patience is supported & nurtured by a quality of forgiveness.”
“Patience pays tons better than urge to get quick profit with same amount of investment.”
“Peace can be found within, no matter the external circumstances.”
“Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.”
“Peace is not an easy prospect--it requires greater bravery than does conflict.”
“Peace is not happenstance. It is a living fire that must be fed constantly. It must be tended with vigilance, else it dies out.”
“Peace of pleasure will break you. Pleasure of peace will make you.”
“Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated.”
“Penetrate deep into the word "Om". Gradually the word will disappear and only the silence will remain. The word is a support. The meaning is within you. Om brings out that meaning which is hidden in your soul.”
“People always mock what they don't know , what they are failing at and what they don't understand. It is the defense mechanism they use not to feel stupid, feel like losers ,feel like they are failing and feeling like they don't know.”
“People are always complaining that life's not fair, but that simply isn't true. Life is extraordinarily fair. It's just not centered on you.”
“People are always worried about what's happening next. They often find it difficult to stand still, to occupy the now without worrying about the future. People are generally not satisfied with what they have; they are very concerned with what they are going to have.”
“People are invariably surprised to hear me say I am both an atheist and an agnostic, as if this somehow weakens my certainty. I usually reply with a question like, 'Well, are you a Republican or an American?' The two words serve different concepts and are not mutually exclusive. Agnosticism addresses knowledge; atheism addresses belief. The agnostic says, 'I don't have a knowledge that God exists.' The atheist says, 'I don't have a belief that God exists.' You can say both things at the same time. Some agnostics are atheistic and some are theistic.”
“People as a rule do mean much more than they understand.”
“People can have the best of intentions when they tell their loved ones how they should be living their lives. But often times, when we are in struggle, we are seeking to be supported, not solved.”
“People can’t unshackle all of their true strength without taming their temper.”
“People don't care for facts, unless they can feel those facts in their bones.”
“People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care”
“People don't want children to know what they need to know. They want their kids to know what they ought to need to know. If you're a teacher you're in a constant battle with mildly deluded adults who think the world will get better if you imagine it is better. You want to teach about sex? Fine, but only when they're old enough to do it. You want to talk politics? Sure, but nothing modern. Religion? So long as you don't actually think about it. Otherwise some furious mob will come to your house and burn you for a witch.”
“People don't want to know. They have to be made to know. Whether they act on what they know is up to them. But they have to know.”
“People either fail in education or pass in education and fail in knowledge or pass in knowledge and fail in implementation. The one who crosses all these phases is successful.”
“People hate change, and with good reason. Change makes us stupider, relatively speaking. Our knowledge -as a percentage of all the things that can be known- goes down a tick every time something changes. And frankly, if we're talking about a percentage of the total knowledge in the universe, most of us aren't that many basis points superior to our furniture to begin with. I hate to wake up in the morning only to find that the intellectual gap between me and my credenza has narrowed. That's no way to start the day.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“People keeps on complaining, but they're not doing anything about the things that they're complaining about.”
“People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.”
“People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.”
“People manipulate things everyday to earn money, respect or attention”
“People of limited intelligence are fond of talking about "these days," imagining that they have discovered and appraised the peculiarities of "these days" and that human nature changes with the times.”
“People often speak of hell, not wanting to go there, avoiding it..etc. I never had that problem because hell is a state of mind. Look around you; rape, murder, wars, hatred, envy my friend; you're already there!!”
“People ought to fight to keep their law as to defend the citys walls.”
“People say that age brings wisdom, but for most of us that really isn't true, when we get old we've just accumulated more experiences, good and bad. The result is more likely to be cynicism than wisdom. When we're young we know nothing about all the very worst that can hit us, which is just as well, because otherwise we'd never leave the house. And we would definitely never let go of those we love.”
“People should focus on becoming more knowledgeable and disciplined rather than earning degrees.”
“People talk to old people like they're children.'Oh you're very old aren't you?' Yeah I'm old. I'm not stupid.”
“People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living isn't complicated enough”
“People think that epilepsy is divine simply because they don't have any idea what causes epilepsy. But I believe that someday we will understand what causes epilepsy, and at that moment, we will cease to believe that it's divine. And so it is with everything in the universe”
“People think that knowing the future can help you prepare for what is to come - but often it only makes you powerless.”
“People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. They torture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.”
“People who are driven by hate. They always crush. Always get hurt. Always self destruct. Always heartless, Always, bitter, Always negative, Always unreasonable and always making stupid decisions.”
“People who are really poor, can't afford to do crime, because they don't have means and resources to commit one. They might have a reason to do it, but wont have strength, capacity, materials or resources to commit one. It is people who are well off who are doing most crimes, because they can afford to.”
“People who can't handle failures or can't live like ashes, they choose wrong path in their life.”
“People who don’t value you and who think you don’t matter you are very good in destroying you and destroying everything you have.”
“People who don’t want to take accountability and responsibility. They always choose to blame everyone for everything, but themselves. It is always someone’s fault not their own decision making. They always see themselves as victims. They never learn life lessons. They end up become a problem and having Indefinite problems in their lives. To void that choose to be accountable and responsible for your actions.”
“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”
“People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little. It is plain than an ignorant person thinks everything he does know important, and he tells it to everybody. But a well-educated man is not so ready to display his learning; he would have too much to say, and he sees that there is much more to be said, so he holds his peace.”
“People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.”
“People who knowingly do bad for some reason, Are the people who unknowingly get bad for the same reason.”
“People who often threaten you with their education qualifications. On how educated they are and what they have. Mostly they quote their qualification to you, because they can't apply what they studied and can't remember what they have studied. Mostly is because, they can't reason or apply logic using what they studied , so they are hiding behind qualifications.”
“People who say that yesterday was better than today are ultimately devaluing their own existence.”
“People who want to achieve enlightenment, be with paramashiva and manifest paramashiva, if they don't become sincere, we need to work with those people. They need support, care, inspiration, sincerity, energy, everything. That is what I do and I am doing even now..”
“People with a strong sense of purpose, persistence and accomplishment perform better at work.”
“Perception can be shaped or Influenced by teaching and sharing knowledge.”
“Perception is all about incomplete knowledge. It may turn positive if wisdom overpowers knowledge, and it may turn negative if incompleteness overshadows wisdom.”
“Perception of nature is perception of truth.”
“Perfecting patience takes a lifetime.”
“Perfection is the appreciation of a rightful sighted.”
“Perhaps I'd been a slow developer, but I was well into my forties before I realized that you don't have to comply with a request just because it's reasonable or reasonably put. Age is the great dis-obliger. You can be yourself and say no.”
“Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.”
“Perhaps by now I'd come far enough that I had the guts to be afraid.”
“Perhaps my greatest wisdom is the knowledge that I do not know.”
“Perhaps the Creator of this strange place knows us better than we know ourselves. Perhaps humanity was meant to eternally ponder the purpose and importance of our own existence. If we were assured of either, we’d be intolerable creatures.”
“Perhaps the excellence of aphorisms consists not so much in the expression of some rare or abstruse sentiment, as in the comprehension of some obvious and useful truth in a few words. We frequently fall into error and folly, not because the true principles of action are not known, but because, for a time, they are not remembered; and he may therefore be justly numbered among the benefactors of mankind who contracts the great rules of life into short sentences, that may be easily impressed on the memory, and taught by frequent recollection to recur habitually to the mind.”
“Perhaps the hardest lesson to learn is not to be attached to the results of your actions.”
“Perhaps the logical conclusion of everyone looking the same is everyone thinking the same.”
“Perhaps the rare and simple pleasure of being seen for what one is compensates for the misery of being it.”
“Perhaps there is supranatural: reason beyond the normal definitions of fact or data-based logic; something that only makes sense if you can see a bigger picture of reality. Maybe that is where faith fits in.”
“Perhaps wisdom is simply a matter of waiting, and healing a question of time. And anything good you've ever been given is yours forever. ”
“Philosophers have often held dispute As to the seat of thought in man and brute For that the power of thought attends the latter My friend, thy beau, hath made a settled matter, And spite of dogmas current in all ages, One settled fact is better than ten sages. (O,Tempora! O,Mores!)”
“Philosophy   is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.”
“Philosophy, like all other studies, aims primarily at knowledge. The knowledge it aims at is the kind of knowledge which gives unity and system to the body of the sciences, and the kind which results from a critical examination of the grounds of our convictions, prejudices, and beliefs.”
“Physical education complements education in virtue and knowledge. Moreover, both virtue and knowledge reside in the body. Without the body there would be neither virtue nor knowledge. Those who understand this are rare.”
“Physical strength doesn't mean a damn thing when you're all cut up and bleeding inside. ”
“Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.”
“Pico Iyer: “And at some point, I thought, well, I’ve been really lucky to see many, many places. Now, the great adventure is the inner world, now that I’ve spent a lot of time gathering emotions, impressions, and experiences. Now, I just want to sit still for years on end, really, charting that inner landscape because I think anybody who travels knows that you’re not really doing so in order to move around—you’re traveling in order to be moved. And really what you’re seeing is not just the Grand Canyon or the Great Wall but some moods or intimations or places inside yourself that you never ordinarily see when you’re sleepwalking through your daily life. I thought, there’s this great undiscovered terrain that Henry David Thoreau and Thomas Merton and Emily Dickinson fearlessly investigated, and I want to follow in their footsteps.”
“Please, touch me, I pray.”
“Poetry and art and knowledge are sacred and pure.”
“Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.”
“Poetry can be an easy segue to understanding beauty. Not beauty that resides in human judgment, but divine beauty that is all-encompassing and always existent.”
“Poets may be the “unacknowledged legislators” but I don’t know if we’re that important. My fear overwhelms me at times; I gave you my fear, a withered gift. You are the true poet of the family. You gave me the cry of a baby in its mother’s arms, cotton candy at the circus, John Cage exhibits at the museum, lying under the light of the full moon. You gave me Fellini films and old Romances, a glass of Burgandy in a darkened restaurant where lovers cling to hope of passion and contentment. You gave me hope and love, but most of all, you gave me poetry.”
“Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand.”
“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
“Politicians are trying so hard to run away from having the same problems you are having. They don't want to spend money in fixing your problems. They are all about helping themselves not others. That is why they are distancing themselves from people who elected them. They are getting bodyguards, big fast cars, big houses, move out of the hood. High wall or fencing.”
“Politicians talk about democracy and respecting its main attributes, but deep down they still believe that their party is always right.”
“Politics is not a career, it's a responsibility”
“Politics: Lies about the truth, or the truth about lies?”
“Popular culture is a place where pity is called compassion, flattery is called love, propaganda is called knowledge, tension is called peace, gossip is called news, and auto-tune is called singing.”
“Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.”
“Praise be to God I’m not good, And have the natural egotism of flowers And rivers following their bed Preoccupied without knowing it Only with blooming and flowing. This is the only mission in the World, This—to exist clearly, And to know how to do it without thinking about it.)”
“Praise not the day until evening has come, a woman until she is burnt, a sword until it is tried, a maiden until she is married, ice until it has been crossed, beer until it has been drunk.”
“Precisely because we have embarked on the great and long venture of demolishing a world that has grown old and of rebuilding it authentically anew, i.e. historically, we must know the tradition. We must know more—i.e. our knowledge must be stricter and more binding—than all the epochs before us, even the most revolutionary. Only the most radical historical knowledge can make us aware of our extraordinary tasks and preserve us from a new wave of mere restoration and uncreative imitation.”
“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.”
“Preparatory men. I welcome all signs that a more manly, a warlike, age is about to begin, an age which, above all, will give honor to valor once again. For this age shall prepare the way for one yet higher, and it shall gather the strength which this higher age will need one day - this age which is to carry heroism into the pursuit of knowledge and wage wars for the sake of thoughts and their consequences. To this end we now need many preparatory valorous men who cannot leap into being out of nothing - any more than out of the sand and slime of our present civilisation and metropolitanism: men who are bent on seeking for that aspect in all things which must be overcome; men characterised by cheerfulness, patience, unpretentiousness, and contempt for all great vanities, as well as by magnanimity in victory and forbearance regarding the small vanities of the vanquished; men possessed of keen and free judgement concerning all victors and the share of chance in every victory and every fame; men who have their own festivals, their own weekdays, their own periods of mourning, who are accustomed to command with assurance and are no less ready to obey when necessary, in both cases equally proud and serving their own cause; men who are in greater danger, more fruitful, and happier! For, believe me, the secret of the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment of existence is: to live dangerously! Build your cities under Vesuvius! Send your ships into uncharted seas! Live at war with your peers and yourselves! Be robbers and conquerors, as long as you cannot be rulers and owners, you lovers of knowledge! Soon the age will be past when you could be satisfied to live like shy deer, hidden in the woods! At long last the pursuit of knowledge will reach out for its due: it will want to rule and own, and you with it!”
“Preserving knowledge is easy. Transferring knowledge is also easy. But making new knowledge is neither easy nor profitable in the short term. Fundamental research proves profitable in the long run, and, as importantly, it is a force that enriches the culture of any society with reason and basic truth.”
“Pride is like envy. It will make you defective in your understanding.”
“Pride, cowardice, and miserliness are bad for me but good for women”
“Principles of Liberty 1. The only reliable basis for sound government and just human relations is Natural Law. 2. A free people cannot survive under a republican constitution unless they remain virtuous and morally strong. 3. The most promising method of securing a virtuous and morally strong people is to elect virtuous leaders. 4. Without religion the government of a free people cannot be maintained. 5. All things were created by God, therefore upon him all mankind are equally dependent, and to Him they are equally responsible. 6. All men are created equal. 7. The proper role of government is to protect equal rights, not provide equal things. 8. Men are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. 9. To protect man's rights, God has revealed certain principles of divine law. 10. The God-given right to govern is vested in the sovereign authority of the whole people. 11. The majority of the people may alter or abolish a government which has become tyrannical. 12. The United States of America shall be a republic. 13. A constitution should be structured to permanently protect the people from the human frailties of their rulers. 14. Life and Liberty are secure only so long as the Igor of property is secure. 15. The highest level of securitiy occurs when there is a free market economy and a minimum of government regulations. 16. The government should be separated into three branches: legislative, executive, and judicial. 17. A system of checks and balances should be adopted to prevent the abuse of power. 18. The unalienable rights of the people are most likely to be preserved if the principles of government are set forth in a written constitution. 19. Only limited and carefully defined powers should be delegated to the government, all others being retained by the people. 20. Efficiency and dispatch require government to operate according to the will of the majority, but constitutional provisions must be made to protect the rights of the minority. 21. Strong human government is the keystone to preserving human freedom. 22. A free people should be governed by law and not by the whims of men. 23. A free society cannot survive a republic without a broad program of general education. 24. A free people will not survive unless they stay strong. 25. "Peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations; entangling alliances with none." 26. The core unit which determines the strength of any society is the family; therefore, the government should foster and protect its integrity. 27. The burden of debt is as destructive to freedom as subjugation by conquest. 28. The United States has a manifest destiny to be an example and a blessing to the entire human race.”
“Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.”
“Professional debate on productive topic can increase your knowledge, debate on directionless topic can lead to headache & hypertension.”
“Professionals with in depth knowledge should be treated as highly suspects of crimes creating false realities. Doctors for "natural" deaths and false diagnoses. Lawyers and judges for deceit. Detectives for illegal and abusive means.”
“Progress has always been achieved by probing well-entrenched and well-founded forms of life with unpopular and unfounded values. This is how man gradually freed himself from fear and from the tyranny of unexamined systems.”
“Progress is a natural result of staying focused on the process of doing anything.”
“Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.”
“Provide freedom for others to do the right actions like Egyes, Pooja, meditations, yoga or any other spiritual practice, simultaneously every social justice and social work for peaceful world. Allow your enthusiasm, faith and devotions to know your self to find peace, happiness and contentment from within. After achieved such great soul, you becomes what you think and what you imagine you create.”
“Psychologically, if we do not reject old habits and beliefs when confronted with the possibility of a better way of being, we end up imprisoned by a tyrannical ego complex that will perpetuate any illusion just to keep control.”
“Psychology is gradually taking the place of revelations. Thus, we go to a psychologist to reveal to us the truth about ourselves.”
“Ptolemy's massive compendium of mathematical and astronomical calculations had been rediscovered in 1410, after centuries of neglect. The revival of classical learning pushed aside medieval notions of the world based on a literal--yet magical--interpretation of the Bible, but even though Ptolemy's rigorous approach to mathematics was more sophisticated than monkish fantasies of the cosmos, his depiction of the globe contained significant gaps and errors. Following Ptolemy's example, European cosmologists disregarded the Pacific Ocean, which covers a third of the world's surface, from their maps, and they presented incomplete renditions of the American continent based on reports and rumors rather than direct observations. Ptolemy's omissions inadvertently encouraged exploration because he made the world seem smaller and more navigable than it really was. If he had correctly estimated the size of the world, the Age of Discovery might have never ocurred.”
“Public libraries have been a mainstay of my life. They represent an individual's right to acquire knowledge; they are the sinews that bind civilized societies the world over. Without libraries, I would be a pauper, intellectually and spiritually.”
“Pull the string and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.”
“Purity of heart is what enables us to see.”
“Purpose gives perspective to your pain and powers you through it. Without it, your pain can paralyze you.”
“Purpose requires self-knowledge which requires silence.”
“Pursue knowledge as though it is your life-blood, then you will know greatness!”
“Put a man on top of a very high mountain, let him see the whole picture of the world, yet you cannot give him wisdom! But let the same man roam the plains and valleys, and then go up to the top of the mountain by his own power, and then wisdom will come to him by itself!”
“Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas ; si l’on parle de ses vertus en vous disant encore : “Tout le monde le dit”, croyez-le.”
“Queen doesn’t act as the game starts. She moves at the right time with strategy. Checkmate!”
“Question everything, unless it's the answer”
“Qui plussait, plus se tait. French, you know. The more a man knows, the less he talks.”
“Quiet people always know more than they seem. Although very normal, their inner world is by default fronted mysterious and therefore assumed weird. Never underestimate the social awareness and sense of reality in a quiet person; they are some of the most observant, absorbent persons of all.”
“Quinn sat back down. He leaned forward, elbows on knees. "Man, don't you remember taking tests in school? Multiple choice: A, B, C, D, or E, all of the above. "Yeah?" "Dude, sometimes the answer is 'all of the above.' This places needs you. And it needs Astrid. And it needs Sam. It's all of the above, Albert.”
“Quote words that affirm all men and women are your brothers and sisters.”
“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved. Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
“Ragupathi yogi told me: how she keeps herself happy, makes everyone feeling welcome, keep your heart like that for paramashiva. Always make sure you are the second wife for him, waiting for him to come to your heart; never ever any complaining or ill feeling can enter your heart. Since that time I kept a beautiful space in my heart. I am in absolute peace, joy, just to make paramashiva feel welcome in my heart. I keep the saucha - hygiene, cleanliness of the body, and the santosha - happiness of the heart - just to invite paramashiva and for him to feel happy, welcome, blissful. That’s it.”
“Rain does not fall on one roof alone.”
“Raise a smile and lower stress”
“Randomness rests in our inability to discern purpose at work.”
“Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”
“Read 500 pages like this every day. That’s how knowledge works. It builds up, like compound interest. All of you can do it, but I guarantee not many of you will do it. — Warren Buffett”
“Read 500 pages like this every day. That’s how knowledge works. It builds up, like compound interest. All of you can do it, but I guarantee not many of you will do it.”
“Read as much as you can – knowledge is the most essential luggage to carry through your life and it doesn't weigh anything at all.”
“Read the dictionary from A to Izzard today. Get a vocabulary. Brush up on your diction. See whether wisdom is just a lot of language.”
“Readiness is the recipe for conquering change.”
“Reading all the quotes in the world won’t make you or me into Plato, Gandhi Or Einstein, just like watching hundreds games of soccer won’t make you a soccer player or taking a yoga class will make u a yogini, or reading a golf book will make you a golfer. We need to put the Knowledge to practice and that is the challenge. Put it to work for you, make the effort to Follow Through”
“Reading enhances logical thinking and motivates analyzing skills. It helps one's mind to be calmer and wiser. As the body seeks air, food, and water, the mind seeks knowledge, and it would be a huge waste if we didn't raise children from a very young age how to read passionately. Young readers are young thinkers, and a child who can think is a child who can face life problems with calmer manners and quieter approach.”
“Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.”
“Reading gives you vocabulary and knowledge, two powerful communication tools. You are never at a loss for words, and you will always have something interesting to say.”
“Reading is at the threshold of the spiritual life; it can introduce us to it. It does not constitute it   There are certain cases of spiritual depression in which reading can become a sort of curative discipline   reintroducing a lazy mind into the life of the Spirit.”
“Reading is the ultimate meta-skill that can be traded for anything else.”
“Real data is messy.  It's all very noisy out there. Very hard to spot the tune. Like a piano in the next room, it's playing your song, but unfortunately it's out of whack, some of the strings are missing, and the pianist is tone deaf and drunk- I mean, the noise! Impossible! ”
“Real faith and reason don’t fit the mold of traditional thinking but come from the person of Christ rather than a human viewpoint. And yet we need prayer to understand them since they come from a place totally different from the usual ineffective, weak, soft, inductive ways of thinking. Those old ways of thinking process thought but never come to the knowledge of the truth.”
“Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.”
“Real understanding starts when we begin to realize that trust moves the world.”
“Reality is secretly causing a fatal earthquake to your rival neighbor and then send help to them. Reality is declaring you destroyed a rival balloon that collects communication signals when it is actually yours. Reality is causing a pandemic and blame your rival for it.”
“Reality offers us such wealth that we must cut some of it out on the spot, simplify. The question is, do we always cut out what we should?”
“Realize that everything connects to everything else.”
“Really to believe in human nature while striving to know the thousand forces that warp it from its ideal development-to call for and expect much from men and women, and not to be disappointed and embittered if they fall short- to try to do good with people rather than to them- this is my religion on its human side. And if God exists, I think that he must be in the warm sun, in the kindly actions of the people we know and read of, in the beautiful things of art and nature, and in the closeness of friendships.”
“Reason, not faith. Good deeds, not faith. Knowledge, not faith. In these signs we shall triumph.”
“Reasoning built on lies isn’t sound.”
“Reasoning built on made-up stuff isn’t rational.”
“Reasoning is when you deduce something after rounding up all the clues. [Chen Shi]”
“Recognizing power in another does not diminish your own.”
“Red tapes sometimes are put to save you from harm or danger, but sometimes are put to stop you from being powerful and successful. Most red tapes are put on information and knowledge ,because they know if you know what they know. They wont be able to stop you or to control you. Learn to distinguish these red tapes, because your success depends on it.”
“Regarding spirituality, some have knowledge, some have faith, but many have neither.”
“Regardless of how much I disagree with some peoples views, opinions & political beliefs… those disagreements have never created a desire for me to harm them, their family, business or home. I don't understand how the first response is burn it down instead of building it up.”
“Relationships are steppingstones for the evolution of our consciousness. Each interaction we have, be it one of joy or contrast, allows us to learn more about who we are and what we want in this lifetime. They bring us into greater alignment…as long as we continue to move forward and do not get attached to hurt, anger, or being a victim.”
“Release the wisdom that resides within you”
“Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship”
“Religion, too, is a weapon. What manner of weapon is religion when it becomes the government?”
“Remain in wonder if you want the mysteries to open up for you. Mysteries never open up for those who go on questioning. Questioners sooner or later end up in a library. Questioners sooner or later end up with scriptures, because scriptures are full of answers. And answers are dangerous, they kill your wonder.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Remember it all, every insult, every tear. Tattoo it on the inside of your mind. In life, knowledge of poisons is essential. I've told you, nobody becomes an artist unless they have to.”
“Remember my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker”
“Remember that we're living in a place that is temporary. No matter what you believe in the end of time I don't care about it. As of now.. live your life, cut those negative thoughts and actions, reach your dreams and goals.”
“Remember, always, that everything you know, and everything everyone knows, is only a model. Get your model out there where it can be viewed. Invite others to challenge your assumptions and add their own.”
“Remember, knowledge is better than wealth, because knowledge protects you, while you have to guard wealth. Wealth decreases if you spend it, but the more you make use of knowledge, the more it increases. What you get through wealth is gone when wealth is gone, but what you achieve through knowledge will remain even after you are gone.   Those who amass wealth, though alive, are dead to the realities of life, and those who acquire knowledge will live, by virtue of their knowledge and wisdom, even after their death.”
“Remember, knowledge that can be stolen from you was never yours in the first place.”
“Remember, purpose is about giving All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service of others.”
“Remember, whatever you focus upon, increases When you focus on the things you need, you'll find those needs increasing. If you concentrate your thoughts on what you don't have, you will soon be concentrating on other things that you had forgotten you don't have-and feel worse! If you set your mind on loss, you are more likely to lose But a grateful perspective brings happiness and abundance into a person's life.”
“Remember, you cannot be both young and wise. Young people who pretend to be wise to the ways of the world are mostly just cynics. Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say no. But saying “yes” begins things. Saying “yes” is how things grow. Saying “yes” leads to knowledge. “Yes” is for young people. So for as long as you have the strength to, say “yes'.”
“Remember, young man, experience is not the best teacher. Other people's experience is the best teacher. By reading about the lives of great people, you can unlock the secrets to what made them great.”
“Renewed knowledge leads to repentance.”
“Renowned professor and mythologist Joseph Campbell said: "People say that what we're all seeking is a meaning for life. I don't think that's what we're really seeking. I think that what we're seeking is an *experience of being alive*, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonance on our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.”
“Reports that say that something hasn't happened are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns- the ones we don't know we don't know.”
“Researchers and research organizations who aim to 'change the way people think or do' must have the freedom, not only to be contrarian, bot also the be wrong. Contrariness sometimes leads to failure, but from failure comes learning, and from learning very often comes implausible utility, the useful and surprising. Contrariness is not the only thing required of researchers to achieve implausible utility, however. The second thing that is required is informedness. Conventional wisdom and existing paradigms 'work' - that is why we adopt them in the first place and that is why we resist so strongly their overthrow. If a researcher is going to take seriously observations and ideas that go against conventional wisdom, the researcher had better have good reasons for doing so - and the discipline to develop those good reasons. These reasons we call informedness - 'inside' knowledge or capabilities the researcher possess that the researcher's peers don't yet have. This inside knowledge makes the researcher think the researcher is right and conventional wisdom is wrong. The researcher is an 'informed contrarian,' going against conventional wisdom but in an informed way to reduce the tremendous risk associated with going against that very wisdom. Like a financial arbitrageur who uses greater informedness about the true value of an asset to buy those assets currently undervalued by conventional wisdom, informed contrarian researchers are research arbitrageurs who use their greater informedness about the value of a research observation or idea to take seriously those ideas currently undervalued by conventional wisdom.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“Respect yourself and others will come to respect you. That is true about all of us, but especially true about women. That is the meaning of honour.”
“Respect, love, trust; Every such thing works both ways.If yeu want someone to respect yeu, yeu must respect that someone too.”
“Revenge is not a straight line, its a circle. It's a grenade that goes off while you're still in the room, and you can't help but be caught in the blast.”
“Revolution focuses on freedom, the value of human life and knowledge. Revolution is the universal truth, an act without harmful chemicals, slavery, poverty or corruption. Revolution is the act of united people, where vision and clarity ignite the flame of hope and is an icon of pure and revolutionary courage.”
“Richness is not found in changing something that does not suit our preferences or orientation. Rather, real richness is found in understanding there is a definitive purpose that will be sacrificed in the changing that the changing will never make up for.”
“Ride the mind to the universe of thought.”
“Right knowledge of God leads to renewal of mind.”
“Right now, just speak gently your words of wisdom to the youngsters. Sooner or later, those words will arrive at the right place in their hearts.”
“Right. I don't believe in the idea that there are a few peculiar people capable of understanding math, and the rest of the world is normal. Math is a human discovery, and it's no more complicated than humans can understand. I had a calculus book once that said, 'What one fool can do, another can.' What we've been able to work out about nature may look abstract and threatening to someone who hasn't studied it, but it was fools who did it, and in the next generation, all the fools will understand it. There's a tendency to pomposity in all this, to make it deep and profound.”
“Risk taking is the game of dice, which is always unpredictable and full of probabilities.”
“Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”
“Rockets, probes and satellites have the potential to explore space, but only spirituality has the potential to connect us to the cosmic world.”
“Routine feeds the illusion of safety ”
“SAYING OF SHEIKH ZIAUDIN: Self-justification is worse than the original offence.”
“SIRISYS is an acronym meaning Semantic Instance Relativity Interface System. His Sirisys platform was engineered to be the "Single Communication Access Port" for individuals to interact with their own "Nexus of Existence." Call her a type of Cybernetic Commutational Array. Her architecture path was to start small, then age into a personalized platform interface symbiot.”
“Sadly, the hearts glued by friendship are often separated by love.”
“Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.”
“Saying 'I could have done more,' Zin, is what marks a man as a man and not a God.”
“Saying of the Prophet. The Bequest: I have nothing to leave you except my family.”
“Sayings of the Prophet Trust: Trust in God – but tie your camel first.”
“Scars, while unseemly were an indication to the world of trauma. If you could walk with your scars open to the world with your head held high, it was like walking through the flames of Hell but being impervious to them. Nothing could touch you unless you allowed it and if that touch turned to one of violence, Heaven help the person who crossed you.”
“Schools and colleges are for the pursuit of knowledge, not for earning a degree.”
“Schopenhauer remarked that buying books would be better if you could also buy the time to read them. Books are different from natural objects in that they can overwhelm us in a way that nature’s abundance rarely does. There has always been too much to know; the universe is thoroughly baffling. When we walk into a bookstore, it is easy to feel oppressed by the amount of knowledge on tap. Why don’t we have the same feeling in a forest, at the beach, in a big city, or simply in breathing? There is more going on in our body every second than we will ever understand, and yet we rarely feel bothered by our inability to know it all. Books, however, are designed to make demands on our attention and time: they hail us in ways that nature rarely does. A thing is what Heidegger calls zunichtsgedrängt, relaxed and bothered about nothing. A plant or stone is as self-sufficient as the Aristotelian god or Heidegger’s slacker things, but books are needy. They cry out for readers as devils hunger for souls.”
“Science and Metaphysics show us part of what “is”. Logic and Epistemology help us interpret this part and understand how much of it we can really know. And finally, Ethics teaches us how to embrace this knowledge and how to cherry-pick only those things that will give us endurance and contentment in the long run, avoiding those that may keep our hearts buried in the ground; how to live well and decently and how to help the society function properly.”
“Science appears to be the human enterprise that is most systematic in its attempt to eliminate error in the search for knowledge.”
“Science fiction is very well suited to asking philosophical questions; questions about the nature of reality, what it means to be human, how do we know the things that we think we know.”
“Science is a broad church full of narrow minds, trained to know ever more about ever less.”
“Science is a finite sphere that grows in infinite space; each new expansion makes it include a larger zone of the unknown, but the unknown is inexhaustable.”
“Science is not a love of knowledge, Science is love of the light of knowledge. Light of knowledge doesn't allow inhumanity, Even if it's peddled in the benefit of knowledge.”
“Science is observing truth in the light of head. Religion is observing truth in the light of heart. Humanity is using both the lights. And education is developing that humanity.”
“Science is often misrepresented as ‘the body of knowledge acquired by performing replicated controlled experiments in the laboratory.’ Actually, science is something broader: the acquisition of reliable knowledge about the world.”
“Science is only a Latin word for knowledge”
“Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.”
“Science is the catalyst of truth, a torch that illuminates the darkest corners of ignorance, transforming mysteries into knowledge.”
“Science is what we have learned about how to keep from fooling ourselves.”
“Science looks to define observable truths building on current measurable knowledge. As knowledge is expanded, we find that not all "truths" are immutable. It's the essence of science. - Tom Golway”
“Science replaces private prejudice with public, verifiable evidence.”
“Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.”
“Science used to claim it understood the universe fairly well. Now it says that 95% of the universe is unknown to science. Anyone who scored 5% in a science exam would not be allowed to do science. Yet worshippers of scientism believe they are permitted to pontificate on the nature of reality despite being a 95% epic fail. They literally don’t know anything. Even their 5% of supposed knowledge is absurd since the remaining 95% is exceptionally unlikely to offer a defense of the 5%. Science – the Swiss Cheese System. It’s full of holes. It’s springing leaks everywhere. The rats are jumping off the sinking ship.”
“Science without warmth is intellectual con.”
“Science, my boy, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.”
“Scientific knowledge about the Universe could never be more than a tiny island in a vast sea of invincible ignorance.”
“Scoring well on tests is the sort of happy thing that gets the school district the greenbacks they crave. Understanding and appreciating the material are secondary.”
“Second…decolonizing is about reeducating ourselves in ways that allow us to reconnect with our own souls, minds, and bodies. To rebuild all that has been damaged by the colonial wounds and the disciplinary institutions we dealt with throughout our lives. It is indeed about reeducating ourselves in such ways that we realize our full potential to contribute to our communities and to the wider world. We must learn (or relearn) how to harvest the fruit of knowledge from every part of the world, not just the West.”
“See with the eyes of love and a thing becomes beautiful. See with the eyes of hate and things are ugly.”
“See, the ‘small stuff’ is what makes up the larger picture of our lives. Many people are like you, young man. But their perspective is distorted. They ignore ‘small stuff,’ claiming to have an eye on the bigger picture, never understanding that the bigger picture is composed of nothing more than-are you ready?- ‘small stuff’.”
“See," she said, "I can hold on to you while everything else changes." And she thought she was safe and so, in that safety, could face whatever was to come. And then all of a sudden that you is gone-- that person, that family, that home, that job (maybe even that occupation), maybe even that country, that world-- and there's nothing to hold onto at all, and that self, that life, is gone as well, and yet more self--truer self--than ever before. And how can that all be so true at the same time? And yet it is.”
“See,' she said, 'I can hold on to you while everything else changes.' And she thought she was safe and so, in that safety, could face whatever was to come. And then all of a sudden that you is gone-- that person, that family, that home, that job (maybe even that occupation), maybe even that country, that world-- and there's nothing to hold onto at all, and that self, that life, is gone as well, and yet more self--truer self--than ever before. And how can that all be so true at the same time? And yet it is.”
“Seeing is the property of our eyes. But we also use this word in other senses, when we apply the power of vision to knowledge generally. We do not say 'Hear how that flashes', or 'Smell how bright that is', or 'Taste how that shines' or 'Touch how that gleams'. Of all these things we say 'see'. But we say not only 'See how that light shines', which only the eyes can perceive, but also 'See how that sounds, see what smells, see what tastes, see how hard that is'. So the general experience of the senses is the lust, as scripture says, of the eyes, because seeing is a function in which eyes hold the first place but other senses claim the word for themselves by analogy when they are exploring any department of knowledge.”
“Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan”
“Seek knowledge but know God.”
“Seek out your superiors and learn from them. Do not hide nor shy away from them for the sake of your pride for true pride is perceived, not in perceived skill, but in improvement.”
“Seek solace in the knowledge that you have the wisdom within you to change the world.”
“Seek to learn constantly while you live; do not wait in the faith that old age by itself will bring wisdom.”
“Seek wisdom and you will only be left with the knowledge of failure.”
“Seekers of wisdom, seekers of life.”
“Self discipline is one of the most important and useful skills you can have. Discipline is the number one trait needed to create a happy mood, and healthy and meaningful life.”
“Self is differentiated so not to be by itself. The purpose of self companionship. Love so love.”
“Self-created obstacles often bar our way to accessing our inner wealth of knowledge and wisdom. Accessing our intuition requires welcoming it.”
“Self-education is lifelong curiosity.”
“Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles.”
“Selfless engagements requires a state of mind of higher elevations.”
“Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.”
“Set forth to them the similitude of the life of this world: It is like the rain which we send down from the skies: the earth's vegetation absorbs it, but soon it becomes dry stubble, which the winds do scatter: it is (only) Allah who prevails over all things.”
“Several patio chairs, a small coffee table and behind them, a blue green pool, sun spotted water within listing side to side. Innocence can be found or lost here in the noonday sun.”
“Sex is a powerful intent to create: the creation of pleasure, creation of love, and ultimately the creation of life. It connects and syncs two beings emotionally, physically, and mentally and is one of the strongest expressions of love that exists in this World.”
“Shall any gazer see with mortal eyes, Or any searcher know by mortal mind, Veil after veil will lift--but there must be Veil upon veil behind.”
“Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection.”
“Share your knowledge. It is a way to achieve immortality.”
“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
“Sharing will enrich everyone with more knowledge.”
“She did not want to deck herself with knowledge—to wear it loose from the nerves and blood that fed her action”
“She had discovered that her love of knowing was not unnatural or sinful but the direct consequence of a God-given ability to reason.”
“She had stayed home and worked hard and a posthumous recognition had eventually followed. Not that Buck hadn't worked hard, sure he did, but in the end the body won't hold up as a work of art.”
“She said we all not only could know everything. We do. We just tell ourselves we don't to make it all bearable.”
“She sees afresh how knowledge feeds the soul and how minds laid open to well-crafted words grow richer; and she sees that, given the chance, the only limits to complex understanding are those imposed by lack of opportunity and damaged self-belief.”
“She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?”
“She thought about that for a moment. He liked the way she stopped and thought carefully about the things he said. Most dragons already had their ideas settled in their heads; if they paused to think before responding, it was only about how to explain to you that you were wrong. But Cricket seemed to take in information and questions and hold them up against the things she thought she knew, to see if there was anything new she missed.”
“She thought she knew it all, and I knew better than to argue with a person with a brain that’s at maximum capacity. Just because it’s full, doesn’t mean it contains a large volume of value.”
“She took refuge on the firm ground of fiction, through which indeed there curled the blue river of truth.”
“She was heartily ashamed of her ignorance - a misplaced shame. Where people wish to attach, they should always be ignorant. To come with a well−informed mind is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid. A woman especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.”
“She was madness, but she was art. Some precarious balance of shadow and light. Because those who feel the weight of beauty always risk being destroyed by it.”
“She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.”
“She was travelling with a bunch of strangers, whose lives were a mystery to her. She wondered if the others were thinking over such things, this essential unknowing of their own companions, but then concluded that this is perhaps always the way.”
“She was well aware that the heart never breaks just once, it cracks open a million times across the span of a person’s life and as long as she kept living it would break again.”
“She wished she could visit Mariam's grave, to sit with her awhile, leave a flower or two. But she sees now that it doesn't matter. Mariam is never very far . Mariam is in her own heart, where she shines with the bursting radiance of a thousand suns.”
“She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.”
“Shortcuts on the foundation of your discovery, compliance, brand, website, uniformity, competitive, comparative as well as your core messaging are a dangerous and often, the most expensive route to go.”
“Show me a mediocre student with a lot of questions, I'll show you a genius - show me a smart student with a lot of answers, I'll show you second-hand human.”
“Show me slowly what I only know the limits of Dance me to the end of love”
“Show the youth the consequences of their actions and why they should choose wisely”
“Shreeom has discovered five impediments to the practices for advance devotion for a knowledge- (i) Laya-to feel ever increasing drowsiness while doing Egyes, Japs, Taps, Dhyan, yogas, meditation or spiritual practice chanting mantras, listening to and remembering the glories of the Bhagawan's knowledge. (ii) Viksepa- To maintain mundane associations while practicing even the external forms of Bhakti or devotion. (iii) Apratipatti- Disinclination for bhajana or spiritual endeavors even when realizing one's Laya or methods of chanting and doing. (iv) Kasaya-From anger to happy, death to immortality, darkness to light, unreal to real and education to knowledge. (v) Rasasvada- To think of sensual enjoyment, intellectual idolizing collaboration and worldly pleasures while engaged in bhajana or practices of Bhakti.”
“Sign language is full of stutters.”
“Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.”
“Silence does not always mark wisdom.”
“Silence is philosophy music on high pitched and philosophy is the highest music.”
“Silence is the universal refuge, the sequel to all dull discourses and all foolish acts, a balm to our every chagrin, as welcome after satiety as after disappointment; that background which the painter may not daub, be he master or bungler, and which, however awkward a figure we may have made in the foreground, remains ever our inviolable asylum, where no indignity can assail, no personality can disturb us.”
“Silence will speak If given an ear; Stillness is the movement Of our atmosphere; Circles have sides When we draw the line; Death is sleep In limited time.”
“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”
“Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.”
“Since human knowledge is not perfect, a more knowledgeable person is not always right.”
“Since living is believing, no one can be completely lacking in faith.”
“Since participation is a way of experiencing the world in immediacy, and not a system of ideas about experience, or about the world, we obviously shall not find any contemporary description of it. When we come to contemporary philosophy and theories of knowledge, we shall indeed find explicit reference to participation, but for the moment we are concerned with the ordinary man's experience and not with what philosophers thought about that experience. Contemporary books were written, and contemporary science was expounded, for people assumed to share the collective representations of the writer, and accordingly our evidence must be sought more often in what is implied or assumed than in what is actually affirmed. We can only reconstruct the collective representations of another age obliquely.”
“Since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.”
“Since the first breath we've taken in this world, we have started the inevitable process of dying. I completely understand why most would rather not look at it in this manner, but it's important for us to empathize with this reality. We set ourselves free by becoming more comfortable with this natural cycle of life. Because, in the simplest words, living is dying.”
“Since there is no real silence, Silence will contain all the sounds, All the words, all the languages, All knowledge, all memory.”
“Since we cannot know all there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.”
“Size does matter. Nano even better.”
“Sky below, Earth beneath, Heavens above the sky, a favor in turn a good fortunist favors the best interest”
“Small minds have always lashed out at what they don't understand.”
“Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ? Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.”
“Snobbery might sometimes look cool, like smoking, but the end result is usually a repelling one.”
“So I learned then, that gold in it's native state is but dull, unornamental stuff, and that only low-born metals excite the admiration of the ignorant with an ostentatious glitter. However, like the rest of the world, I still go underrating men of gold and glorifying men of mica. Commonplace human nature cannot rise above that.”
“So do flux and reflux--the rhythm of change--alternate and persist in everything under the sky.”
“So each one of you has a dharma inside you. If you do little research, you can see very clearly, how your heart supports digestion, how your digestive system supports detox, how your kidney supports your lungs to function, how your lungs supply prana to the whole body and keep you active, alive, energetic. All of them work aligned to dharma, to certain principles.”
“So far as we know, the tiny fragments of the universe embodied in man are the only centers of thought and responsibility in the visible world. If that be so, the appearance of the human mind has been so far the ultimate stage in the awakening of the world; and all that has gone before, the striving of myriad centers that have taken the risks of living and believing, seem to have all been pursuing, along rival lines, the aim now achieved by us up to this point. They are all akin to us, for all these centers - those which led up to our own existence and the far more numerous others which produced different lines of which many are extinct - may be seen engaged in the same endeavor towards ultimate liberation. We may envisage then a cosmic field which called forth all these centers by offering them a short-lived, limited, hazardous opportunity for making some progress of their own towards an unthinkable consummation. And that is also, I believe, how a Christian is placed when worshiping God.”
“So if you blame Facebook, Trump or Putin for ushering in a new and frightening era of post-truth, remind yourself that centuries ago millions of Christians locked themselves inside a self-reinforcing mythological bubble, never daring to question the factual veracity of the Bible, while millions of Muslims put their unquestioning faith in the Quran. For millennia, much of what passed for 'news' and 'facts' in human social networks were stories about miracles, angels, demons and witches, with bold reporters giving live coverage straight from the deepest pits of the underworld. [ ] Some fake news lasts for ever.”
“So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.”
“So long as module improvement respects the protocols by which the module connects to other modules, module improvement can proceed independently of those other modules. An extreme case of this is when the protocols are between different levels of the modular hierarchy and when there is richness on both sides of the protocol. When the upper side of the protocol is rich, the knowledge base on the lower side of the protocol is often referred to as a 'platform' on which knowledge modules above it can be based. In science, Newton's laws were a platform on which both celestial and terrestrial mechanics could be based. In technology, the personal computer software operating system is a platform on which a rich set of software application can be based. Moreover, when the lower side of the protocol is also rich, the shape of the knowledge network becomes hourglass-like. In the case of technological knowledge, the waist of the hourglass is a distinguished layer or protocol, with technologies underneath implementing the protocol and technologies above building on the protocol - with both sides 'screened' from each other by the protocol itself. As a result, the number of applications explodes independent of implementation details; similarly, the number of implementations explodes independent of application details. The number of software applications built on the Windows operating system is enormous; the number of hardware and software implementations of the Windows operating system is also enormous. In other words, imagine two complex adaptive systems, one organized modularly and one not. At one moment, both might be able to exploit their environments equally and thus be equally 'adapted' to their environment. But they will evolve at vastly different rates, with the one organized modularly quickly outstripping the one not so organized. Modularity appears to be an evolved property in biology, one that is mimicked in the organization of human knowledge.”
“So long as we do not depend on the facts entirely, incomplete knowledge is better than complete ignorance. --Egwene al'Vere”
“So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half asleep even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.”
“So now she's seen it. She [Mack] knows what's out there. It doesn't make any more sense than it did before, but at least she can move from horror, the fear of the unknown, and into terror, the fear of the known. Terror is almost a comfort at this point, a familiar friend.”
“So runs my dream, but what am I? An infant crying in the night An infant crying for the light And with no language but a cry.”
“So we have school after school, philosophy after philosophy, each one showing an aspect of truth, and ignoring, or even denying, the other aspects which are equally true. Nor is this all; as the age in which we are passes on from century to century, from millennium to millennium, knowledge becomes dimmer, spiritual insight becomes rarer, those who repeat far out-number those who know;”
“So we have these devices, but most of us don’t use them to their full potential. Think about it. You have all the world’s knowledge in your back pocket, but people spend most of their time looking at how many likes they have on social media or cat videos.”
“So what does it mean, that Peyton Place by Grace Metalious sold more copies than Sanctuary by William Faulkner? It means that reading has as many functions as the human body, and that not all of them are cerebral. One is mere entertainment, the pleasurable whiling away of time; another is more important, not intellectual but serious just the same. "She had learned something comforting," Roald Dahl wrote in Matilda of his ever-reading protagonist, "that we are not alone." And if readers use words and stories as much, or more, to lessen human isolation as to expand human knowledge, is that somehow unworthy, invalid, and unimportant?”
“So wise so young, they say, do never live long.”
“So you say faith is not enough for you and you want knowledge, too. But knowledge does not involve spiritual effort; knowledge is obvious. Faith assumes effort. Knowledge is repose and faith is motion.”
“So, I’ve had the benefit of experience. But experience alone means jackshit. You only get wiser if you are relentlessly curious, think deeply, can be honest with yourself and have a strong dose of humility.”
“So, at funerals you learn all kinds of things. One corpse is laid to rest in the earth, another climbs out.”
“So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow in him, that mortal man cannot be true--not true, or undeveloped. With books the same. The truest of all men was the Man of Sorrows, and the truest of all books is Solomon's, and Ecclesiastes is the fine hammered steel of woe. "All is vanity." ALL. This wilful world hath not got hold of unchristian Solomon's wisdom yet. But he who dodges hospitals and jails, and walks fast crossing graveyards, and would rather talk of operas than hell; call Cowper, Young, Pascal, Rousseau, poor devils all of sick men; and throughout a care-free lifetime swears by Rabelais as passing wise, and therefore jolly; not that man is fitted to sit down on tomb-stones, and break the green damp mould with unfathomably wondrous Solomon.”
“So, your best defense is knowledge. It really is power, as they say The more you know, the more easily you will develop your own philosophies about child rearing. When you have your facts straight, and when you have a parenting plan, you will be able to respond with confidence to those who are well-meaning but offering contrary or incorrect advice.”
“Social media exploits and triggers the same psychological mechanisms that religions do—the more followers a person has, the more truth/knowledge we assume they possess. But the irony is that "truest" and most knowledgable of human beings have been, and remain, virtually unknown by the masses. Reality is a big "place", those who take the rarely trodden path, meet rare souls.”
“Societies and communities change—dictionaries are rewritten; people and ideas die off. The point is for us to develop so much that when we outgrow the awareness of the community, we willfully reach back to pull others forward with our knowledge.”
“Society has failed women, men, children, fathers , mothers. We have created standards, rules, norms, behavior, trends, lifestyle that destroy us rather than building us. That degrade us rather uplifting us. That oppresses us rather than liberating us. That depresses us rather than cheering us. The sad part is we individually are the society. We are contributing to life by everything we do or say or don’t do or say it .”
“Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country? Plato: I have, and think it odd they do this. Socrates: How so, Plato? Plato: It is like reminding a baker he is a baker, or a sculptor he is a sculptor. Socrates: You mean to say if someone is convinced of their trade, they have no need to be reminded. Plato: That is correct. Socrates: I agree. If these citizens were convinced of their freedom, they would not need reminders.”
“Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. On the other hand, I – equally ignorant – do not believe [that I know anything].”
“Soft feathers cannot make a cruel bird kind”
“Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.”
“Some attempts to understand something or someone are like trying to figure out how an engine of a car works by dissecting a tyre.”
“Some choose to influence change, and some choose to be influenced by change. You choose which one are you.”
“Some knowledge is poison for your soul.”
“Some knowledge is the poison for the soul”
“Some knowledge runs deeper than memory.”
“Some of our beliefs will seem ridiculous in a hundred years’ time. Some already seemed so a thousand years ago.”
“Some of the things are not as bad as they say, but they might be bad to you, because they are taking all your time and depriving you In what you would have become.”
“Some of you need to start saying no more, and others need to start saying yes. Think about which category you fit in at this moment.”
“Some people act and speak based on the limited or wrong knowledge they have. They can brag to say they are right to find they are wrong. If you know more than they do. Be kind in teaching or correcting them.”
“Some people are born sentenced to terrible inheritance, diseases that lay dormant in the blood from birth. My sentence was to know, to understand.”
“Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!”
“Some people choose modernity I mean medicine, life style, sex, livelihood, neighbors and every aspects of life while some people choose traditions in every aspects of life. While choosing inclusive growth (i.e traditions with modernity) goes well. But still there are many uncontacted species are existing and what do they can offer us? unknown medicine? unknown knowledge? unknown spirituality ? and what if they consider us as aliens?”
“Some people engage in retail therapy, buying new things to make themselves feel more secure, and others engage in knowledge therapy, amassing new ideas to make themselves feel like they know something. We consume for comfort. We rely on certainty to shield us from the pain of confusion. The truth is staggering, colossal, unfathomable, so we cling to our bite-sized lies. We organize knowledge into bulleted lists and line graphs while the wisdom of the present moment sits patiently at the doors of our perception.”
“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”
“Some people make money . Some make plans, while others make lies.”
“Some people may not fully know this, but praying is also an amazing form of manifestation. In my opinion, it is the most powerful one.”
“Some people need a poke in the eye to show them the right direction, others simply need pointing in the right direction. It is a question of having the wisdom to know when to point and when to poke.”
“Some people still think knowledge is power.”
“Some people today are wandering generalities instead of meaningful specifics because they have failed to discover and mine the wealth of potentials in them.”
“Some people would rather be right than free.”
“Some philosophers grow ulcers from eating loneliness. There’s not much we know.”
“Some questions can’t be answered.” “Why?” “The question why will plague you for your entire life.”
“Some things are best hidden by remaining directly in front of everyone’s eyes.”
“Some things are not said or done for a reason. Even you justify doing them or saying them because it suits your narrative. The repercussions of doing those things or saying them it is still the same. We think we have bad luck only to find out. It is the consequence of our actions. We make bad decisions and do bad things. Choose to do right all the time or every time you get a chance.”
“Some truths, some people will never understand; some, no one will ever understand.”
“Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.”
“Someday, if he lived long enough, Atour intended to write a history of the times that had begun with the Clone Wars and run through the current conflict between the Empire and the Rebel Alliance. Of course he had to wait and see who won before he could get to that part, but he was always on the lookout for research material. The plans for this battle station, upon which the war-in-progress might well hinge, certainly seemed worthy of a place in that research. He’d have to write the account under a pseudonym, of course. No matter which side won, they would want to have words with the author of such a tome, which would hold both sides up to a bright light that would flatter neither. Likely the information would be suppressed, but that didn’t matter. There would always be copies of it floating around, and beings who wished to know its contents. Knowledge was like that - once it was ushered into the light, putting it back into the shadows was difficult, if not impossible.”
“Someone said, 'The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did.' Precisely, and they are that which we know.”
“Someone who is learning driving takes joy in the knowledge of driving. Someone who is on a long drive takes joy in the soulful experience of driving. Don't remain stuck in the knowledge. You are here for the experience.”
“Something deep inside calls us to adventure and to brave the unknown   There is a bit of wilderness within all of us.”
“Something wonderful has happened to me. I was carried up into the seventh heaven. There all the gods sat assembled. By special grace I was granted the favor of a wish. "Will you," said Mercury, "have youth, or beauty, or power, or a long life, or the most beautiful maiden, or any of the other glories we have in the chest? Choose, but only one thing." For a moment I was at a loss. Then I addressed myself to the gods as follows: "Most honorable contemporaries, I choose this one thing, that I may always have the laugh on my side." Not one of the gods said a word, on the contrary, they all began to laugh. Hence, I concluded that my request was granted, and found that the gods knew how to express themselves with great taste; for it would hardly have been suitable for them to answer gravely: "It is granted thee".”
“Sometimes I think that wisdoms slip from my mind like drool from the lips of an idiot  Where's all this stuff coming from? Is it any good? Any good in, you know, the wisdom sense? Who am I to spout this stuff anyway? Well, here's the thing. You too can find yourself shedding wisdom like cat hair if you only allow yourself the liberty of introspection. Think about what you alone know that no one else does. That one neat wonderful profound insight. It is fully yours. No one else on this planet of about six billion people understands it like you do. Now, see if you can share it with someone. Bestow it, a gift of yourself. Wisdom is like gossip. Except it's the good kind.”
“Sometimes blind people see more than those who aren’t. Normal people see, blinds wish too, and they’re more powerful.”
“Sometimes great discoveries come from the worst places.”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“Sometimes it is not necessary to tell everything you know just because the people around doesn't want somebody who knows more than them..!”
“Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.”
“Sometimes life requires more of you than you have to give & demands you plunge into the reinvention of yourself if you truly wanna live.”
“Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.”
“Sometimes silence is a sign, not of not knowing what to say, but of knowing when to say what you know.”
“Sometimes the greatest gift you can give yourself give the situation give the world is to keep trying, keep naming, calling, keep the struggle alive, keep hope alive. And sometimes the greatest gift you can give yourself give the situation give the world is to just let go.”
“Sometimes the most mature words that we can say are “I don’t know.” For it is not knowledge that evidences my worth. Rather, it’s the knowledge that an honest man is worth a thousand who are not.”
“Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards”
“Sometimes the small steps are required to take the biggest step of life, and that's how life makes you reach to your destined place ”
“Sometimes there's nothing to be done. Sometimes they're not listening, can't hear, don't want to, don't believe you. Sometimes you cannot stop the storm, stem the tide, change the path of the ocean liner even though it hasn't quite yet hit the iceberg. There will be times despite all efforts you will feel completely misunderstood completely unappreciated completely wronged. Sometimes love just isn't enough.”
“Sometimes we feel lonely, Like another brick Another wall Like no one needs you at all. Life isn't supposed to be like that, Just think for a while; You’re the brick the wall needs, You're a masterpiece. Open your eyes, And you'll see All the love around you; It was all the time beside you, You were too blind to realize Don´t you?”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“Sometimes we must choose to congratulate and support those who are doing well. Instead of choosing to do what they are doing. Because they were praised in cooking, now suddenly everyone wants to be chefs . We need to understand that sometimes it is not the recipe but the cooker. We lose our success and opportunities by not sticking to our own lane , but by trying to do what everyone who is doing well did.”
“Sometimes when I'm having a boring interview on the telephone, and I'm trying to think about something else because the questions are too boring, and I start looking around the room where I work, you know, full of books piled up to the sky, all different kinds of topics. I start calculating how many centuries would I have to live reading twenty-four hours a day every day of the week to make a dent in what I'd like to learn about things, it's pretty depressing.[ ] You know, we have little bits of understanding, glimpses, a little bit of light here and there, but there's a tremendous amount of darkness, which is a challenge. I think life would be pretty boring if we understood everything. It's better if we don't understand anything  and know that we don't, that's the important part.”
“Sometimes wisdom came from strange places, even from giant teenaged goldfish.”
“Sometimes you believe that you know all the answers. And sometimes all the answers make you believe that you are ignorant”
“Sometimes you don’t let yourself know what you know.”
“Sometimes you weren't supposed to share pain. Sometimes it was best just to deal with it alone.”
“Sometimes you're not ready to give the world quite what it wants. And that's okay, because the Earth is generously patient.”
“Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.”
“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world  ”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and watch around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“Sorrow is knowledge: they who know the most must mourn the deepest o’er the fatal truth, the Tree of Knowledge is not that of Life.”
“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
“Sound reasoning is impossible without truth.”
“Sound reasoning must be built on truth.”
“Sound unbound by nature becomes bounded by art.”
“Speak less. Save energy. Absorb knowledge. Use this energy and knowledge to fuel your dream.”
“Specially in Nepal and Indian simultaneously in pure consciousness soul in UK, in Europe, America, Australia, Asia and few parts of Africa they tell a fable about Shreeom as a Vishnu that: There was once a great devotee of Dhurba who prayed night and day to see his God Shreeom Vishnu. The father and mother of Dhrub name are Uttanapad and Suniti respectively. The devotion is a lesson in surrendering all one's cares and worries to the Divine Shreeom Vishnu. King Uttanapada,the son of Manu had two wives, one named Suruchi who was very dear to him and the other, Suniti, to whom he was indifferent. helpless on account of the king’s neglect. One day Suniti’s son Dhruva saw Uttama, Suruchi’s son, sitting on the lap of the king, their father. When the king took up Dhurba on his lap, a jealous Suruchi severely abused the king. Dhruva went away heart-broken to his mother, who advised him that the one way to overcome the bad effects of one’s own past actions was to seek shelter at your feet. Hearing his mother’s words, Dhruva just five years old but highly sensitive and self-respecting, very faithful and devotion left the city, determined to devote himself to Vishnu Shreeom worship. He had an opportune meeting with Sage Narada and being instructed in Shreeom sacred name, then Dhurba entered the forest of Madhu, where he engaged himself in severe austerities in adoration and devotion of Shreeom. Finally because of such great devotion Shreeom appeared as a Vishnu and blessed Dhurba. Knowing this, Shreeom affectionately touched his cheek and his body with hand, was the seed of all sound and solving of all the problems of Dhruba. Shreeom had been provided all the necessary knowledge of the world to Dhurba . He then sang Shreeom Vishnu praise, having been purified and enlightened by Shreeom's touch. After many years Dhurba and his mother and father entered the region called Dhruva-loka and lived there joyfully even now as the Pole Star, the Dhruva Tara. That story is about thousands of years ago. Now again in this time Shreeom Vishnu is on earth as a human form with Sankha and Chakra and many Gods and Goddess, Brahmas, Devis, father's and mother's soul all the time, fortunate male and female divinity and Sadhus, Santas, Pandits, scientists and presidents and prime ministers of every nations, kings and queens, pure and Knowledgeable existence are with Shreeom.”
“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”
“Speculation cannot replace education.”
“Spend your leisure time in cultivating an ear attentive to discourse, for in this way you will find that you learn with ease what others have found out with difficulty.”
“Spiritual knowledge is like a detergent powder. It is added to take out the dirt. It is not supposed to stay inside along with the dirt.”
“Spiritual leader can guide or inspire you, it's your job to follow the path and become who you really want to be.”
“Start believing in conspiracies, because those who have the power conspire, and they keep their power by having people not believing in conspiracies”
“Static knowledge is useless if not made Kinetic.”
“Staying with statements that are still assertive, but placed in the subjective format can help in debate, conversations and communication. It can open as many doors for authority, while applying humility and honor for another persons views. ”
“Still, she was not sorry. If the world is divided into seeing and not seeing, Marya thought, I shall always choose to see.”
“Stock your mind, stock your mind. It is your house of treasure and no one in the world can interfere with it. If you won the Irish Sweepstakes and bought a house that needed furniture would you fill it with bits and pieces of rubbish? Your mind is your house and if you fill it with rubbish from the cinemas it will rot in your head. You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.”
“Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard   " More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.”
“Stop fighting every battle through your own strength and knowledge, and start fighting through prayer and faith. That is what spiritually woke people do. It is a long-proven strategy.”
“Stories have a way of changing faces. They are unruly things, undisciplined, given to delinquency and the throwing of erasers. This is why we must close them up into thick, solid books, so they cannot get out and cause trouble.”
“Stories last longer: but only by becoming only stories.”
“Stress the right of the individual to select only what he desires to know, to use any knowledge as he wishes, that he himself owns what he has learned.”
“Strive through your adversities with a tenacious mindset and a sincere heart and there shall surely be a great end when you get to the end unrelentingly. You shall surely leave a noble mark when you endure to the end and you shall surely smile in the end and ponder over how the journey to the end was. Note; there is no sweet fruit that is not the product of the dirty soil. No matter what, keep moving on!”
“Student interest is directly proportional to the depth and breadth of teachers’ knowledge; and student interest is vital to effective teaching.”
“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”
“Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.”
“Success equals goals; all else is commentary. ”
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
“Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.”
“Successful men, in all callings, never stop acquiring specialized knowledge related to their major purpose, business, or profession. Those who are not successful usually make the mistake of believing that the knowledge acquiring period ends when one finishes school. The truth is that schooling does but little more than to put one in the way of learning how to acquire practical knowledge.”
“Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?”
“Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory.”
“Such a person must be careful, he must be aware of the limitations of his knowledge, he must acknowledge his personal prejudices because he is being asked to speak for a whole realm of thought, he must be aware of the huge possible consequences of what he says and writes and does. He has become, in a sense, public property because he represents something large to the public. He has become an idea himself, a human striving. He has enormous power to influence and change, and he must wield that power with respect.”
“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”
“Suffering teaches joy.”
“Summer grasses, All that remains Of soldiers' dreams”
“Summer on the high plateau can be delectable as honey; it can also be a roaring scourge. To those who love the place, both are good, since both are part of its essential nature. And it is to know its essential nature that I am seeking here. To know, that is, with the knowledge that is a process of living. This is not done easily nor in an hour. It is a tale too slow for the impatience of our age, not of immediate enough import for its desperate problems. Yet it has its own rare value. It is, for one thing, a corrective of glib assessment: one never quite knows the mountain, nor oneself in relation to it. However often I walk on them, these hills hold astonishment for me. There is no getting accustomed to them.”
“Superficiality is the curse of the modern world.”
“Superior experience and knowledge will be made available to a man or woman in exact accordance with his worth, capacity and earning of it.”
“Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know—and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. It is better to know—even if the knowledge endures only for the moment that comes before destruction—than to gain eternal life at the price of a dull and swinish lack of comprehension of a universe that swirls unseen before us in all its wonder. That was the choice of Achilles, and it is mine, too.”
“Suppose we wanted to transmit this knowledge, everything we had ever learned, to another world. First we would want to make the representation as compact as possible. By squeezing out redundancies we could compress the number so that it would occupy smaller and smaller spaces. In fact, if we are adept enough we can represent the number in a manner that requires almost no space whatsoever. We simply take the long string of digits and put a decimal point in front of it so that it becomes a fraction between 0 and 1, a mere point on a line. Then we choose a smooth stick and declare one end 0 and the other end 1. Measuring carefully, we make a notch in the stick -- a point on the continuum representing the number. All of our history, our philosophy, our music, our art, our science -- everything we know would be implicit in that single mark. To retrieve the world's knowledge, one would measure the distance of the notch from the end of the stick, then convert the number back into the books, the music, the images. The success of the scheme would depend on the fineness of the mark and the exactness of the measurement. The slightest imprecision would cause whole Libraries of Alexandria to burn. [ ] Suppose the medicine men of Otowi had discovered this trick. Suppose, contrary to all evidence, that they had developed a written language, a number system, and tools of enough precision to encode a single book of sacred knowledge into the notch of a prayer stick -- the very book, perhaps, that explains what the symbols on the rock walls mean. And suppose a hiker, exploring one day in the caves above Otowi, found the stick. Could the knowledge be recovered? [ ] Aliens trying to decode our records might recognize what seemed to be deliberate patterns in the markings of ink on pages or the fluctuating magnetic fields of computer disks (though, again, if the information had been highly compressed, it would be harder and harder to distinguish from randomness). If they persisted, would they find truths to marvel at, signs of kindred minds? Or would they even recognize the books and tapes as things that might be worth analyzing? One can't go around measuring every notch on every stick.”
“Suppose you are in your room alone and somebody walks in. Your behaviour changes depending on who is with you in the scene. When we are with others, we are playing different roles. When we are alone, we are preparing, rehearsing and thinking about the roles. We have forgotten who we really are!”
“Suppose you found a valid reason why you did what you did. Either It is right or wrong. Good or bad . Chances are you will do it again.”
“Sure, it was your idea and your fly, but he caught the big fish. Remember, fairness is a human idea largely unknown in nature.”
“Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something. Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens. And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life. Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it. Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.”
“System knowledge alone tends to favor technocratic visions; transformation knowledge by itself may encourage blind activism; orientation knowledge without system and transformation knowledge is idle. But even the combination of these types of knowledge will be useless as long as they are not implemented within a suitable knowledge economy, comprising research, education, public discourse, and political action. Much of the needed knowledge is unavailable - either because it is inaccessible, suppressed, or unimplemented, or because it does not yet exist or has been lost. Even in the face of global challenges, there will not be just one way into the future, but various modes of bringing together the richness and diversity of human experiences. New form of knowledge, as well as new forms of individual and social life ready to meet the challenges of the Anthropocene (including new strategies for knowledge production and energy provision, for dealing with social justice and the flow of materials, for health care en traffic, etc) will not simply follow from a radical 'paradigm shift'. They will rather result from exploration processes that may eventually form a matrix. thus giving birth to new insights and forms of life that we could not have anticipated.”
“THE KAA If you don’t know anything, your only option is to make something up.”
“THE MORE KNOWLEDGE YOU SEEK, THE BETTER PERSON YOU PURSUE”
“THE ROAD TO WISDOM The road to wisdom? -- Well, it's plain and simple to express: Err and err and err again but less and less and less.”
“THREE BASIC TRUTHS Three things have a limited threshold: Time, pain, and death. While truth, love, and knowledge – Are boundless. Three things are needed For humanity to co-exist: Truth, peace and basic needs. Everything else - Is irrelevant.”
“TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little, Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved, Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after-ward resumes its liberty.”
“Tactile navigation - the kinaesthetic moving/touching of the body - is the total embodied awareness of a body in an environment. Knowledge is made corporeal with the sense of touch replacing that of sight as the primary mode of gathering data”
“Take away from love the fullness of self surrender, the completeness of personal commitment, and what remains will be a total denial and negation of it.”
“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
“Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.”
“Take the matter as you find it ask no questions, utter no remonstrances; it is your best wisdom. You expected bread and you have got a stone: break your teeth on it, and don't shriek because the nerves are martyrised; do not doubt that your mental stomach - if you have such a thing - is strong as an ostrich's; the stone will digest. You held out your hand for an egg, and fate put into it a scorpion. Show no consternation; close your fingers firmly upon the gift; let it sting through your palm. Never mind; in time, after your hand and arm have swelled and quivered long with torture, the squeezed scorpion will die, and you will have learned the great lesson how to endure without a sob.”
“Take the time to vet and look carefully into those that you want help with in caring for your business.”
“Take time to convince yourself that giving health is the mission of your life till the last breath. Then you will treat the last patient and then it will be time to leave for kailasa and you will take a deep breath and chant ‘paramashivoham’ and reach kailasa - that’s it. Make your creation as a mission. Ashta lakshmis (all the auspicious things) will shower.”
“Talk is free but the wise man chooses when to spend his words.”
“Talking to a non-human intelligence is no different than talking to a total stranger. For a good many people, this may be a little unsetting at first. To those of you who have yet to experience interacting with Electromagnetic Light beings, understand it will feel unusual at first. Do not let your fear control you.”
“Tamarind intake will help you to detox and de-addict yourself from many addictions.He said, ‘if you take a lot of tamarind, your stomach will become very pure where no fermentation happens.”
“Teach what you know.”
“Teaching others, he corrected himself.”
“Technology is the heart of any successful business”
“Teleportation and Time Travel are possible without using vast amounts of energy. They are as easy as just a single thought, but to understand how it works, we have to first understand ourselves, the universe within and our place within both.”
“Television is for appearing on - not for looking at.”
“Television, radio, and all the sources of amusement and information that surround us in our daily lives are also artificial props. They can give us the impression that our minds are active, because we are required to react to stimuli from the outside. But the power of those external stimuli to keep us going is limited. They are like drugs. We grow used to them, and we continuously need more and more of them. Eventually, they have little or no effect. Then, if we lack resources within ourselves, we cease to grow intellectually, morally, and spiritually. And we we cease to grow, we begin to die.”
“Tell no man anything, for no man listens Yet hold thy lips ready to speak.”
“Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.”
“Tennis taught me so many lessons in life. One of the things it taught me is that every ball that comes to me, I have to make a decision. I have to accept responsibility for the consequences every time I hit a ball.”
“Thamus, as Socrates told the tale, saw a threat to the very nature of philosophical discourse. Here is what the Egyptian king supposedly told the clever god: Theuth, my paragon of inventors, the discoverer of an art is not the best judge of the good or harm which will accrue to those who practice it. So it is in this; you, who are the father of writing, have out of fondness for your off-spring attributed to it quite the opposite of its real function. Those who acquire it will cease to exercise their memory and become forgetful; they will rely on writing to bring things to their remembrance by external signs instead of by their own internal resources. What you have discovered is a recipe for recollection, not for memory. And as for wisdom, your pupils will have the reputation for it without the reality. They will receive a quantity of information without proper instruction, and in consequence be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant. And because they are filled with conceit of wisdom instead of real wisdom they will be a burden to society.”
“That all our knowledge begins with experience there can be no doubt. For how should the faculty of knowledge be called into activity, if not by objects which affect our senses and which, on the one hand, produce representations by themselves or on the other, rouse the activity of our understanding to compare, connect, or separate them and thus to convert the raw material of our sensible impressions into knowledge of objects, which we call experience? With respect to time, therefore, no knowledge within us is antecedent to experience, but all knowledge begins with it. But though all our knowledge begins with experience, is does not follow that it all arises from experience. For it is quite possible that even our empirical knowledge is a compound of that which we perceive through impressions, and of that which our own faculty of knowledge (incited by sense impressions) supplies from itself, a supplement which we do not distinguish from that raw material until long practice and rendered us capable of separating one from the other. It is therefore a question which deserves at least closer investigation and cannot be disposed of at first sight: Whether there is any knowledge independent of all experience and even of all impressions of the senses? Such knowledge is called 'a priori' and is distinguished from empirical knowledge, which has its source 'a posteriori', that is, in experience ”
“That is how we become wise, by living each day attending to the lessons God puts in our path.”
“That is just the way with some people. They get down on a thing when they don’t know nothing about it.”
“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
“That is why self-attunement is so essential because consciously being in tune with our inner and most Highest Self will provide us with an elevated level of self-awareness. Connecting us to a magnificent amount of wisdom. This allows us to trust our own intuition, instead of grasping at any person's spiritual guidance.”
“That king who forsakes lust, anger, bestows wealth to needy, Discriminates, is learned, active, is regarded as man of authority; Prosperity is attends on king who inspires confidence in others truly, Who punishes guilty in right measure, knows when to show mercy. [97]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“That knowledge which purifies the mind and heart alone is true Knowledge, all else is only a negation of Knowledge.”
“That little knife of knowing stabbed into her at every step.”
“That man is best who sees the truth himself. Good too is he who listens to wise counsel. But who is neither wise himself nor willing to ponder wisdom is not worth a straw.”
“That vice has often proved an emancipator of the mind, is one of the most humiliating, but, at the same time, one of the most unquestionable facts in history.”
“That was courage, Keller thought. Not doing something without being afraid, but doing something even though you were afraid.”
“That was one of the inherent flaws of faith. Belief without knowing. But worse yet: belief without action. It could be good in its own right. Beautiful, even, when embraced, but that had to be measured. Checked. Too many surrendered themselves to it. What they did not see was simple fact. Religion did not bring peace. It merely offered a means. It was up to man to create peace.”
“That was what had changed, he thought. To love posterity and the great institutions you had to believe in the wisdom of men. You had to love them as a child might, gazing upward.”
“That which others hear or read of, I felt and practised myself; they get their knowledge by books, I mine by melancholizing.”
“That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.”
“That's not a bad word hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.”
“That's the problem with best friends. Sometimes they know you better than you know yourself.”
“That's what alchemists do. They show that when we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better, too.”
“That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. Most people love you for who you pretend to be. To keep their love, you keep pretending - performing. You get to love your pretence. It's true, we're locked in an image, an act - and the sad thing is, people get so used to their image, they grow attached to their masks. They love their chains. They forget all about who they really are. And if you try to remind them, they hate you for it, they feel like you're trying to steal their most precious possession.”
“That’s going to be your trouble — judgment about yourself. (Tender is the Night)”
“The Christian does not avoid sin to achieve salvation, but rather salvation brings him to a desire not to sin. The closer that one's spirit is synchronized with the holy knowledge of God, the more he comprehends how and why sin is destructive to himself and others in each and every circumstance. The dwindling desire for sin is a premature gift of Heaven - where there will be no sin, where all will, too, possess that full and complete wisdom; all will have perfect reasons not to sin. In this way, free will might still exist, but the shared wisdom of God will simply outwit all desires, impulses, and needs to sin.”
“The Christian life is an exciting adventure in which God does incredible things in our lives.”
“The Christian religion asks us to put our trust not in ideas, and certainly not in ideologies, but in a God Who was vulnerable enough to become human and die, and Who desires to be present to us in our ordinary circumstances.”
“The Copenhagen Interpretation is sometimes called "model agnosticism" and holds that any grid we use to organize our experience of the world is a model of the world and should not be confused with the world itself. Alfred Korzybski , the semanticist, tried to popularize this outside physics with the slogan, "The map is not the territory." Alan Watts , a talented exegete of Oriental philosophy, restated it more vividly as "The menu is not the meal.”
“The Curse of Knowledge: The more familiar you become with an idea the worse you become at explaining it to others, because you forget what it's like to not know it, and therefore what needs to be explained to understand it.”
“The Egyptians believed that everything is created by a unique all-powerful source of conscious energy called RA. These Neters are the divine processes by which nature creates. Apart from human-made things, everything in the Universe is made according to cosmic law, the Neters. These cosmic laws are what enable things to come into being. They are the processes of creation and not the created things themselves”
“The Emperor Constantine the Great (272 - 337) and his Pauline bishops decided that all the Gospels that went against the politics of the emperor and the Hellenistic Christianity that was created by St Paul, were to be excluded from the New Testament. Proof of this can be found in the fact that the 27 books of The New Testament are but a very small fraction of the Christian literature that was produced in the first three centuries after Jesus lived. These documents are known as the Apocryphal Gospels (Greek, Apocrypha: ' hidden' or 'secret writings') and some of them retained quite a following and were highly respected in the communities of the earliest times ”
“The Emperor would brook no cult but that of reason.' Guilliman laughed. 'To think I believed it all.' 'My lord?' asked Maxim, cautious now of Guilliman's rancour. 'Do not worry yourself, Donas,' said Guilliman. 'I merely mean that reason is a faith of its own, with its own traps and heresies.”
“The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment ”
“The English novels are the only relaxation of the intellectually unemployed. But one should not be too severe on them. They show a want of knowledge that must be the result of years of study.”
“The First Principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.”
“The Fur Person learned then and there that it is better to be a philosopher than to be a king and that, all things considered, wisdom was to be preferred to power.”
“The German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche, who had syphilis, said that only a person of deep faith could afford the luxury of religious skepticism. Humanists, by and large educated, comfortably middle-class persons with rewarding lives like mine, find rapture enough in secular knowledge and hope. Most people can't.”
“The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against. The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.”
“The Holy Spirit reveals the Bible is true”
“The Islamic intellectual tradition has usually not seen a dichotomy between intellect and intuition but has created a hierarchy of knowledge and methods of attaining knowledge according to which degrees of both intellection and intuition become harmonized in an order encompassing all the means available to man to know, from sensual knowledge an reason to intellection and inner version or the "knowledge of the heart.”
“The Knowledge Illusion: We think we know a lot even though individually we know very little because we treat knowledge in the mind of others as if it were our own.”
“The Knowledge is a product of the conscious consensus and the facts. Albeit, a bigger consensus over unproven facts is a reflection of knowledge at best, say, as if from a liquid medium which is subject to waves.”
“The Knowledge of the Holy Scriptures is able to make thee holy.”
“The Massachusetts constitution states that "Wisdom and knowledge, as well as virtue, diffused generally among the body of people [are] necessary for the preservation of their rights and liberties." It was the "duty" of the government, [John] Adams wrote, to educate everybody. The Northwest Ordinance reads, "Religion, morality, and knowledge being necessary to good government and the happiness of mankind, schools and means of education shall be forever encouraged." These are strong, clear declarations of faith in education as the bulwark of freedom. For self-government to work, the people must be educated.”
“The Master said, “A true teacher is one who, keeping the past alive, is also able to understand the present.” (Analects 2.11)”
“The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!” (Analects 6.11)”
“The ORDINARY RESPONSE TO ATROCITIES is to banish them from consciousness. Certain violations of the social compact are too terrible to utter aloud: this is the meaning of the word unspeakable. Atrocities, however, refuse to be buried. Equally as powerful as the desire to deny atrocities is the conviction that denial does not work. Folk wisdom is filled with ghosts who refuse to rest in their graves until their stories are told. Murder will out. Remembering and telling the truth about terrible events are prerequisites both for the restoration of the social order and for the healing of individual victims. The conflict between the will to deny horrible events and the will to proclaim them aloud is the central dialectic of psychological trauma. People who have survived atrocities often tell their stories in a highly emotional, contradictory, and fragmented manner that undermines their credibility and thereby serves the twin imperatives of truth-telling and secrecy. When the truth is finally recognized, survivors can begin their recovery. But far too often secrecy prevails, and the story of the traumatic event surfaces not as a verbal narrative but as a symptom. The psychological distress symptoms of traumatized people simultaneously call attention to the existence of an unspeakable secret and deflect attention from it. This is most apparent in the way traumatized people alternate between feeling numb and reliving the event. The dialectic of trauma gives rise to complicated, sometimes uncanny alterations of consciousness, which George Orwell, one of the committed truth-tellers of our century, called "doublethink," and which mental health professionals, searching for calm, precise language, call "dissociation." It results in protean, dramatic, and often bizarre symptoms of hysteria which Freud recognized a century ago as disguised communications about sexual abuse in childhood. . . .”
“The Old Hall loomed ahead, caught directly in the setting sunlight. For a brief moment, it was perfectly illuminated, as if lit by a thousand burning lanterns, glowing in some kind of mighty revelry. I am ancient, it murmured. I was powerful and grand. Now I am wise and beautiful.”
“The Prophet Avocatorium sees what is within the world and understands the universe from within.”
“The Search for reason ends at the known; on the immense expanse beyond it only the sense of the ineffable can glide. It alone knows the route to that which is remote from experience and understanding. Neither of them is amphibious: reason cannot go beyond the shore, and the sense of the ineffable is out of place where we measure, where we weigh. We do not leave the shore of the known in search of adventure or suspense or because of the failure of reason to answer our questions. We sail because our mind is like a fantastic seashell, and when applying our ear to its lips we hear a perpetual murmur from the waves beyond the shore. Citizens of two realms, we all must sustain a dual allegiance: we sense the ineffable in one realm, we name and exploit reality in another. Between the two we set up a system of references, but we can never fill the gap. They are as far and as close to each other as time and calendar, as violin and melody, as life and what lies beyond the last breath.”
“The Self-revealing of the Word is in every dimension - above, in creation; below, in the Incarnation; in the depth, in Hades; in the breadth, throughout the world. All things have been filled with the knowledge of God.”
“The Seven Social Sins are: Wealth without work. Pleasure without conscience. Knowledge without character. Commerce without morality. Science without humanity. Worship without sacrifice. Politics without principle. From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.”
“The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation  When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and began anew; he would discard his old, mundane existence and move to Elantris. Elantris, where he could live in bliss, rule in wisdom, and be worshiped for eternity. Eternity ended ten years ago.”
“The Talmud states, "Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world's grief. Do justly now, love mercy now, walk humbly now. You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it.”
“The Universe is a huge wave of ‘Tathāstu!—so be it!’ So everything is as you create, as you organize, as you arrange! Put a little intelligence, time and energy into creating the right space in you. If you carry the space of many births, you will have many births! If you carry the space of a soul, you will have a soul! If you carry the space of no-soul, you will NOT have a soul!”
“The Wise are Superb Observers of Nature and Rise Superior to the Blows of Fortune”
“The Zen practitioner must . . . strive to liberate himself from his attachment to knowledge and to open the door of his being in order that truth might enter.”
“The ability to avoid the unimportant is more important than the ability to attend to the important.”
“The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.”
“The ability to retain a child's view of the world with at the same time a mature understanding of what it means to retain it, is extremely rare - and a person who has these qualities is likely to be able to contribute something really important to our thinking.”
“The ability to sense one's own experience and to put it into words and to express it in relation to another is what constitutes the core of our existence as human beings.”
“The ability to withstand the flinch comes with the knowledge that the future will be better than the past.”
“The absence of doubt is not necessarily a sign of the presence of truth.”
“The acquisition of a book signalled not just the potential acquisition of knowledge but also something like the property rights to a piece of ground: the knowledge became a visitable place.”
“The acquisition of knowledge always involves the revelation of ignorance - almost is the revelation of ignorance. Our knowledge of the world instructs us first of all that the world is greater than our knowledge of it. To those who rejoice in the abundance and intricacy in Creation, this is a source of joy, as it is to those who rejoice in freedom  To those would-be solvers of "the human problem," who hope for knowledge equal to (capable of controlling) the world, it is a source of unremitting defeat and bewilderment. The evidence is overwhelming that knowledge does not solve "the human problem." Indeed, the evidence overwhelmingly suggests - with Genesis - that knowledge is the problem. Or perhaps we should say instead that all our problems tend to gather under two questions about knowledge: Having the ability and desire to know, how and what should we learn? And, having learned, how and for what should we use what we know? (pg. 183, People, Land, and Community)”
“The acquisition of knowledge for which no use can be found is a sure method of driving a man to revolt.”
“The acquisition of knowledge is always of use to the intellect, because it may thus drive out useless things and retain the good. For nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known.”
“The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.”
“The adoption of conceptual frames and grids put together by the collective efforts of others is the ingenious shortcut to knowledge that our species has carried far beyond anything known among other animals. The human world of ideas is a product of a division of intellectual labor over extended periods, whose fruits are socially shared and cumulative.”
“The advancement of science and the diffusion of information [is] the best aliment to true liberty.”
“The anxiety in knowing that you will lose the power is always more than knowing that you will gain it.”
“The application of fiction as a means of resolving the fact of our pain is simply our unwillingness to accept the fact that our pain is perpetuated by the very things that we refuse to relinquish.”
“The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.”
“The art of decision making includes the art of questioning.”
“The art of peaceful living comes down to living compassionately & wisely.”
“The assumption that you have acquired enough knowledge is an adolescent trait, the mature soul contemplates the deeper meaning of things.”
“The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught. To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one's own accord - it feels great - but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority. Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop.”
“The battles you choose not to fight are every bit as important as the ones you do.”
“The beauty of collaboration between older and younger generations is that we combine strength with wisdom—a surefire way to accomplish more for the glory of God.”
“The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.”
“The beginning of wisdom, as they say. When you're seventeen you know everything. When you're twenty-seven if you still know everything you're still seventeen.”
“The best antidote to a misguided belief is not just truthful information. Instead, it is doubt and uncertainty, cracks in the edifice of belief through which truthful information can later leak in.”
“The best books are those that tell you what you already know, but didn't know that you knew.”
“The best food for your body is what is already gathered and stored. Allow the body to eat itself without giving food from outside.”
“The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.”
“The best kind of happiness is a habit you're passionate about.”
“The best knowledge is kindness.”
“The best knowledge is knowing yourself and your inner being.”
“The best lessons learned are from other peoples mistakes.”
“The best of knowledge and righteous acts are those hidden to the people.”
“The best people are always the worst. They drive everyone mad by being so good at second-guessing everything bad.”
“The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God.”
“The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.”
“The best that most of us can hope to achieve in physics is simply to misunderstand at a deeper level.”
“The best use of knowledge is to share it with the aspiring minds and motivate them to reach for their dreams”
“The best way to see Faith is to shut the eye of Reason.”
“The biblical Christian says that, on the side of personality, man can know God truly, though he cannot know God exhaustively.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain is to pretend like nothing happen.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain it to pretend like nothing happen.”
“The biggest problem about greedy people. They think kind people are stupid. While you are being generous to them. They think they are playing you.”
“The books—the generous friends who met me without suspicion—the merciful masters who never used me ill! The only years of my life that I can look back on with something like pride  Early and late, through the long winter nights and the quiet summer days, I drank at the fountain of knowledge, and never wearied of the draught.”
“The bosses, the big'uns, they can take all manner of things away from us. With their bloody laws and factories and courts and banks they can make the world to their pleasure, they can take away your home and kin and even the work you do. But they can't ever take what you know, now can they, Sybil? They can't ever take that".”
“The boy didn't know what a person's "Personal Legend" was. It's what you have always wanted to accomplish. Everyone, when they are young, knows what their Personal Legend is.”
“The brain doesn’t learn information by rote and then save it somewhere. Instead, it organises knowledge.”
“The brain isn’t a muscle, it’s stronger than that.”
“The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.”
“The brillant person who does not take heed is the same as the ignorant who does not know.”
“The busier you are, the busier you become.”
“The cancel culture is born of the inability of an opinion to withstand the scrutiny of thoughtful debate. And as such, this statement is likely to be canceled.”
“The capacity to grasp and manipulate complex ideas is enough to define intellect, but not enough to encompass intelligence, which involves combining intellect with judgment and care in selecting relevant, explanatory factors and in establishing empirical tests of any theory that emerges. Intelligence minus judgment equals intellect. Wisdom is the rarest quality of all—the ability to combine intellect, knowledge, experience, and judgment in a way to produce a coherent understanding. Wisdom is the fulfillment of the ancient admonition, “With all your getting, get understanding.” Wisdom requires self-discipline and an understanding of the realities of the world, including the limitation of one’s own experience and of reason itself. The opposite of intellect is dullness or slowness, but the opposite of wisdom is foolishness, which is far more dangerous.”
“The children seek to resolve the issue amongst themselves, and mete out punishment to restore balance and keep the game going.”
“The circular shape of the clock gives us the illusion that time repeats itself.”
“The closer you come to knowing that you alone create the world of your experience, the more vital it becomes for you to discover just who is doing the creating.”
“The combined ignorance of ten millions is not the equivalent of one man's wisdom.”
“The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies.”
“The compartmentalization of knowledge, which is one of the characteristics of the mental and intellectual scene of the modern world, is not only reflected in modern education but is also caused by it.”
“The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies..”
“The computer focuses ruthlessly on things that can be represented in numbers. In so doing, it seduces people into thinking that other aspects of knowledge are either unreal or unimportant. The computer treats reason as an instrument for achieving things, not for contemplating things. It narrows dramatically what we know and intended by reason.”
“The concept of heaven and immortality are just myths.”
“The confidence essential to effective habit-making comes as a rule from knowledge of previous and related successes.”
“The cost of ignorance is a waste of knowledge-acquired intelligence built.”
“The current state of knowledge remains vague when history is not considered, just as history remains vague without substantive knowledge about the current state.”
“The curse of much knowledge is often indecision.”
“The day we run out of questions, will be the day we run out of life.”
“The day when you feel that there is no need to wish for anything. You already had everything. On that day, understand that you have started getting supreme knowledge”
“The dead know everything but they don't give a damn.”
“The dead know only one thing, it is better to be alive”
“The dead to the grave, the living to the loaf.”
“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
“The deepest of powers are often the most subtle. Something that most fail to realize  ☥”
“The degree to which we are bitten by our choices depends on how many teeth we give them.”
“The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine.”
“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”
“The difference between darkness and brightness is how you thrive on those moments and how you use such circumstances with goodwill in your spirit.”
“The difference between fishing and hunting is that when you fish, most of the times you do not know what exactly you are expecting simply because a beginner fisherman does not see below the water (available jobs) but aims for the best; while in hunting you most of the times can see your prey (target career) and try your best to catch it or gain it.”
“The difference between knowledge and wisdom is like the difference between accessing Google and talking with King Solomon. Knowledge is records and information. Wisdom is the ability to apply knowledge in the right way at the right time.”
“The different between other races or other people is that they choose to fight for each other and while others choose to fight each other . The ones who choose to fight for each other are always winning in life. The other ones who choose to fight each other are always losing in life. You choose which one you are going to be.”
“The dilemma is this. In the modern world knowledge has been growing so fast and so enormously, in almost every field, that the probabilities are immensely against anybody, no matter how innately clever, being able to make a contribution in any one field unless he devotes all his time to it for years. If he tries to be the Rounded Universal Man, like Leonardo da Vinci, or to take all knowledge for his province, like Francis Bacon, he is most likely to become a mere dilettante and dabbler. But if he becomes too specialized, he is apt to become narrow and lopsided, ignorant on every subject but his own, and perhaps dull and sterile even on that because he lacks perspective and vision and has missed the cross-fertilization of ideas that can come from knowing something of other subjects.”
“The distance between your knowledge of truth and your obedience is called lack of integrity. And the amount of negative behavior--or lack of integrity--a person exhibits is directly proportional to their amount of pain." - Tara Leigh's therapist (p.118)”
“The distinction between objective and personal thinking must truly first be learned. Many people never learn this (look at our colleagues in the ministry! among others).”
“The distinctive features of the world's civilisations are not simply and solely the giraffe and the city of Rome, as the children may perhaps have been led to imagine on the first evening, but also the elephant and the country of Denmark, beside many other things. Yes, everyday brought its new animal and its new country, its new kings and its new gods, its quota of those tough little figures which seem to have no significance, but are nevertheless endowed with a life and a value of their own, and may be added together or subtracted from one another at will. And finally poetry, which is grater than any country ; poetry with its bright palaces.”
“The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.”
“The drive toward the formation of metaphors is the fundamental human drive, which one cannot for a single instant dispense with in thought, for one would thereby dispense with man himself.”
“The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday”
“The elite and power recruits people bribing them to break, shock, control their victims through ghostware that is everywhere and cannot be detected and deceives the machines of truth and everyone so as to take their dreams and abuse them through whispers and pullings in the brain rendering them unable to sleep in order the ai detection systems to render them mentally ill and no one to believe them.”
“The emptier it becomes the more louder it gets. Wisdom whispers while nonsense shouts louder and louder for attention”
“The end of man is knowledge, but there is one thing he can’t know. He can’t know whether knowledge will save him or kill him. He will be killed, all right, but he can’t know whether he is killed because of the knowledge which he has got or because the knowledge which he hasn’t got and which if he had it, would save him.”
“The ending can only start with the beginning and end with self estrangement, as to become once again his own/old self. This is why every man is a continuous ending. ”
“The enemy must not know where I intend to give battle. For if he does not know where I intend to give battle he must prepare in a great many places,. And when he prepares in a great many places, those I have to fight in any one place will be few. For if he prepares to the front his rear will be weak, and if to the rear, his front will be fragile. If he prepares to the left, his right will be vulnerable and if to the right, there will be few on his left. And when he prepares everywhere he will be weak everywhere. One who has few must prepare against the enemy; one who has many makes the enemy prepare against him. If one knows where and when a battle will be fought his troops can march a thousand li and meet on the field. But if one knows neither the battleground nor the day of battle, the left will be unable to aid the right, or the right, the left; the van to support the rear, or the rear, the van. How much more is this so when separate by several tens of li, or, indeed, by even a few!”
“The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.”
“The essence of sharing knowledge is to keep a tool ready so that whoever is ready can pick it up and continue from where one stopped.”
“The essence of successful discipline is not technique; rather, it is self-confidence.”
“The essence of wisdom is to know when to be doing, and when it's useless even to try”
“The essential point is that systems of knowledge are never given in their entirety at the outset of an investigation. Their meaning unfolds only gradually, through the exploration of their implications with the help of external representations - for example, by doing calculations, applying a conceptual framework to new circumstances, exposing systems to debate within an epistemic community, and so forth. We therefore speak of the 'generative ambiguity' of external representations, which leads to their seemingly paradoxical function in knowledge transmission: on the one hand, they secure and stabilize the transmission of knowledge over generations, thus ensuring its longevity, while they serve, on the other hand, as tools for thinking and thus agents of change and innovation in the transmission of knowledge.”
“The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.”
“The euphoria born of surmounting challenges compels one to celebrate the very act of conquering. True enlightenment awaits beyond the confines of familiarity, but such wisdom is realised only in retrospect.”
“The evolution path is an extrapolation of available scenarios. Once the scenarios change, the evolution path also needs to change.”
“The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.”
“The excitable observer will pass judgement first and then make knowledge conform to judgement; the prudent observer will first learn to know and then judge according to knowledge.”
“The explanation given to any relation can survive and develop within a given society only if this explanation is stylized in conformity with the prevailing thought style.”
“The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.”
“The eye through which I see God is the same eye through which God sees me; my eye and God's eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.”
“The fact that man knows right from wrong proves his intellectual superiority to the other creatures; but the fact that he can do wrong proves his moral inferiority to any creatures that cannot.”
“The failure mode of clever is “asshole.”
“The family is the cradle of the world's misinformation.”
“The fate of an epoch which has eaten of the tree of knowledge is that it must know that we cannot learn the realm of the world from the results of Its analysis, be it ever so perfect, it must rather be m a position to create this meaning itself. It must recognize that general Views of lIfe and the unIverse can never be the products of increasing empirIcal knowledge, and that the highest Ideals, which move us most forcefully, are always formed only m the struggle with other Ideals which are just as sacred to others as ours are to us.”
“The fates lead him who will; him who won't they drag.”
“The fear of God is not the beginning of wisdom. The fear of God is the death of wisdom. Skepticism and doubt lead to study and investigation, and investigation is the beginning of wisdom.”
“The female sense of sharing originated as familial sharing-care of the young, the gathering and preparation of food, sharing joys, love and sorrows. Funeral lamentation originated with women. Religion began as a female monopoly, wrested from them only after its social power became too dominant. Women were the first medical researchers and Practitioners. There has never been any clear balance between the sexes because power goes with certain roles as it certainly goes with knowledge.”
“The final discovery is the discovery of knowledge.”
“The final knowledge is faith in God.”
“The final knowledge is find faith in God.”
“The first kind of knowledge is kindness.”
“The first men to be created and formed were called the Sorcerer of Fatal Laughter, the Sorcerer of Night, Unkempt, and the Black Sorcerer … They were endowed with intelligence, they succeeded in knowing all that there is in the world. When they looked, instantly they saw all that is around them, and they contemplated in turn the arc of heaven and the round face of the earth … [Then the Creator said]: 'They know all … what shall we do with them now? Let their sight reach only to that which is near; let them see only a little of the face of the earth!… Are they not by nature simple creatures of our making? Must they also be gods?”
“The first peace, which is the most important, is that which comes within the souls of people when they realize their relationship, their oneness with the universe and all its powers, and when they realize at the center of the universe dwells the Great Spirit, and that its center is really everywhere, it is within each of us.”
“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”
“The fool who knows his folly Becomes wise by that fact. But the fool who thinks he's wise - He's called 'a fool' indeed!”
“The foundation of all free government and all social order must be laid in families and in the discipline of youth. Young persons must not only be furnished with knowledge, but they must be accustomed to subordination and subjected to the authority and influence of good principles. It will avail little that youths are made to understand truth and correct principles, unless they are accustomed to submit to be governed by them.”
“The fourth dimension of me is putting in delusion and pulling out of delusion.Many times when you can't handle the reality as it is, when you are not ready to be in that highest awareness space, some things are kept out of your sight to reduce the stress for you - to give you space to cope up with the reality.”
“The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one, but that is the best of all.”
“The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.”
“The freighting thing about pursuing the truth is that all the lies that you’ve been surrounded with first must fall.”
“The friend is a human Eden But Eden is so easily lost When you choose, choose wisely Before you share, count the cost”
“The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.”
“The fundamental challenge of ancient man was to be wise. The fundamental challenge of medieval man was to be holy. The fundamental challenge of modern man was to be effective. The fundamental challenge of contemporary man is not to be ridiculous.”
“The future is not set in stone but rather is like a maze, each and every decision you make takes you down a different path.”
“The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.”
“The future will be what it will, and fretting about it will only make your fears more likely to come true.”
“The genius of a composer is found in the notes of his music; but analyzing the notes will not reveal his genius. The poet's greatness is contained in his words; yet the study of his words will not disclose his inspiration. God reveals himself in creation; but scrutinize creation as minutely as you wish, you will not find God, any more than you will find the soul through careful examination of your body.”
“The gift of knowledge is empowering. The gift of wisdom is life-changing.”
“The goal of evidence-based discipleship is not just to create disciples, but to create disciple-makers who can pass on the knowledge, skills, and wisdom they have gained to others.”
“The good and wise lead quite lives”
“The good of knowledge conquers the evil of ignorance.”
“The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.”
“The great problems of knowledge of our time: a lot of logocentrism, little empiricism and a supposed sacrosanct authority of the specialists. As if the ability to think was not intuitive and depended on some kind of formal recognition.”
“The greater puzzle of universal wisdom and beauty that we have strived to honor through our work includes the profound legacies of world artistic and spiritual traditions, the innate integrity of human communities where people seek to live in social harmony, and that regenerative stream of life sustained upon the earth itself as it spins through the cosmos to the music of the spheres.”
“The greater the gap between self perception and reality, the more aggression is unleashed on those who point out the discrepancy.”
“The greatest Emotion is Love. The greatest quality is seeking to serve others. The greatest gift is your own Life. The greatest pleasure is CHOCOLATE! The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is that there's always something new to learn. The greatest virtue is temperance. The greatest meditation is a peaceful mind. The greatest practice is to be Kind. education. The greatest challenge is to let go. The greatest wisdom is to be in the NOW”
“The greatest challenge that has surreptitiously arisen in our age is the challenge of knowledge, indeed, not as against ignorance; but knowledge as conceived and disseminated throughout the world by Western civilization; knowledge whose nature has become problematic because it has lost its true purpose due to being unjustly conceived, and has thus brought about chaos in man's life instead of, and rather than, peace and justice; knowledge which pretends to be real but which is productive of confusion and scepticism, which has elevated doubt and conjecture to the 'scientific' rank in methodology; knowledge which has, for the first time in history, brought chaos to the Three Kingdom of Nature; the animal, vegetal and mineral.”
“The greatest crimes in modern history resulted not just from hatred and greed, but even more so from ignorance and indifference. Charming English ladies financed the Atlantic slave trade by buying shares and bonds in the London stock exchange, without ever setting foot in either Africa or the Caribbean. They then sweetened their four o'clock tea with snow-white sugar cubes produced in hellish plantations - about which they knew nothing.”
“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.”
“The greatest fool is not the person who has been fooled by the lies of others, despite how crafty and ingenious those lies might have been. Rather, it is the fool who has lied with such amazing dexterity and subtle finesse that he himself has come to believe his own lies. And this is the most forlorn and yet the most dangerous person that I can imagine.”
“The greatest gift is truth.”
“The greatest knowledge is to know that what we know is always less than what we need to know.”
“The greatest minds in history were not those who had all the answers, but those who never stopped asking questions.”
“The greatest mistake of the movement has been trying to organize a sleeping people around specific goals. You have to wake the people up first, then you'll get action.”
“The greatest solution of all is to live and work in partnership with yourself, your family and friends, your work and community, your nation, your world, nature, and spirit.”
“The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one's own follies.”
“The growth and progress of life is all about expansion and all expansion is rejuvenation.”
“The happiness equation, it seems, is to be stupid, unconscious, and a slave to God. Then God will love you and everything will be perfect. It’s amazing how many people love that equation. It’s basically the equation that rules the lives of dogs! If you want to keep your freedom then you must kill God! That’s the only way. God must die so that God may live – the new God. To repeat, God is dead, long live the new God.”
“The happiness of the drop is to die in the river.”
“The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.”
“The heart of the discerning acquires knowledge, for the ears of the wise seek it out. - Proverbs 18:15 (NIV)”
“The heart that gives, gathers.”
“The human person finds his perfection "in seeking and loving what is true and good.”
“The idea of authority, which they represented, was associated in our minds with a greater insight and a more humane wisdom.”
“The image isn't reality. Even though we're used to thinking that way alot of the time. We show a kid a picture of a dog and say 'This is a doggie' - but it's not. It's just an image.”
“The immature think that knowledge and action are different, but the wise see them as the same.”
“The individual appears for an instant, joins the community of thought, modifies it and dies; but the species, that dies not, reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence.”
“The infinity of potential knowledge may be infinitely greater than the infinity of my actual knowledge.”
“The intelligent have plans; the wise have principles.”
“The intense activity for body is yoga. Intense activity for internal organs is fasting.Intense, life-infusing for your mind is sincerity.”
“The internet itself led him from one word to the next, giving links, pointing out. When it didn’t know something it tactfully kept quiet or stubbornly showed him the same pages, ad nauseam. Then Kunicki had the impression that he had just landed at the border of the known world, at the wall, at the membrane of the heavenly firmament. There wasn’t any way to break through it with his head and look through. The internet is a fraud. It promises so much—that it will execute your every command, that it will find you what you’re looking for; execution, fulfillment, reward. But in essence that promise is a kind of bait, because you immediately fall into a trance, into hypnosis. The paths quickly diverge, double and multiply, and you go down them, still chasing an aim that will now get blurry and undergo some transformations. You lose the ground beneath your feet, the place where you started from just gets forgotten, and your aim finally vanishes from sight, disappears in the passage of more and more pages, businesses that always promise more than they can give, shamelessly pretending that under the flat plane of the screen there is some cosmos. But nothing could be more deceptive, dear Kunicki. What are you, Kunicki, looking for? What are you aiming at? You feel like spreading out your arms and plunging into it, into that abyss, but there is nothing more deceptive: the landscape turns out to be a wallpaper, you can’t go any farther.”
“The intriguing placidity from the slothful pace of a snail is truly very peaceful. Our world is in need of this calmness to pacify itself”
“The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.”
“The job of a writer is not to convey emotion but to invoke it.”
“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
“The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.”
“The journey of learning is paved with perseverance and resilience, transforming challenges into stepping stones of success.”
“The joy of discovery is one of the biggest pleasures you'll ever know.”
“The judge can no longer accuse, but only says what he thinks is good for the individual, after considering all the alternatives.”
“The judgment that comes with being unordinary is an uncomfortable feeling that many would just rather not encounter. But what if I told you that your uniqueness will open doors that you never knew that you could access?”
“The justice system is corrupted and not reliable. It is exploited for hate, revenge with lies, deceit. It is method, pattern from the knowledgeable guilty against the unprotected innocents. Do not consider any claim or conviction as valid.”
“The key to wisdom is doubt!”
“The kind of knowledge which is supported only by observations and is not yet proved must be carefully distinguished from the truth; it is gained by induction, as we usually say. Yet we have seen cases in which mere induction led to error.”
“The knowing ones must have pity on the ignorant. One who knows is willing to give up his body even for an ant, because he knows that the body is nothing.”
“The knowledge is not just education; however, it is an awareness of Self and a search for the cause of creation too-”
“The knowledge is not just education; however, it is an awareness of Self and a search for the cause of creation too”
“The knowledge of all things is possible”
“The knowledge of the damaging effects from COVID-19 hypoxia will likely close down most very high altitude facilities around the world.”
“The knowledge of what is good without practicing it, turns frequently to evil.”
“The knowledge that he had left me with no intent ever to return had come over me in tiny droplets of realization spread over the years. And each droplet of comprehension brought its own small measure of hurt He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return.”
“The knowledge that makes a difference in changing the world is knowledge that travels and mobilizes, shifting and creating new forces and agents of history in its path.”
“The knowledge that teaches love and peace proves its beauty of universal quality.”
“The knowledge that we consider knowledge proves itself in action. What we now mean by knowledge is information in action, information focused on results.”
“The known is finite, the unknown infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to reclaim a little more land, to add something to the extent and the solidity of our possessions. And even a cursory glance at the history of the biological sciences during the last quarter of a century is sufficient to justify the assertion, that the most potent instrument for the extension of the realm of natural knowledge which has come into men's hands, since the publication of Newton 's ‘Principia’, is Darwin 's ‘Origin of Species.”
“The lack of substantial and objective proof in HOW someone can perform WHAT they claim they can do, may be the root of WHY there is little substance to their content, their ability and their business.”
“The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.”
“The learned are heirs of the prophets, and the prophets do not leave any inheritance in the shape of dirhams (silver) and dinars (gold), but they do leave knowledge as their legacy. Such a person who acquires knowledge, acquires his full share.» (a sound hadith recorded by Abu Dâwood and at-Tirmidhi)”
“The least strained and most natural ways of the soul are the most beautiful; the best occupations are the least forced.”
“The legacy of ancient Egypt is known to few. Its truth lies buried beneath false beliefs. You may have heard that the Egyptians of old worshiped many gods. This belief is from a mistranslation of a single hieroglyph, - Neter. Today Neters is translated as "gods." An entire world of falsification has grown from this stumbling block, obscuring their ancient teachings' true meaning.”
“The less a man knows the bigger the noise he makes and the higher the salary he commands.”
“The less articulate person may have an awareness that 'something is not quite right', but will not be able to make that awareness concrete without having his or her consciousness 'raised' through the provision of finer and more sensitive (linguistic) concepts. (This is one of the ways in which the more educated exercise dominion over the lesser.)”
“The less you knew, the fewer monsters you’d attract,”
“The less you know, the more you believe.”
“The less you know, the more you will be known The less you want, the more you will have The less you are, the more you will be”
“The lessons of history are manifold. Nothing happens in isolation. Everything that happens has consequences. We are all part of a larger stream of events, past, present, and future. We are all the beneficiaries of those who went before us--who built the cathedrals, who braved the unknown, who gave of their time and service, and who kept faith in the possibilities of the mind and the human spirit. An astute observer of old wrote that history is philosophy taught with examples. Harry Truman liked to say that the only new thing in the world is the history you don't know. From history we learn that sooner is not necessarily better than later   that what we don't know can often hurt us and badly   and that there is no such thing as a self-made man or woman. A sense of history is an antidote to self-pity and self-importance, of which there is too much in our time. To a large degree, history is a lesson in proportions.”
“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“The library is both the tree and the apple. It offers not knowledge of good and evil but knowledge for good or evil.”
“The life we’re given is on a thread, so wear it well.”
“The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.”
“The light of compassion opens the petals of the heart. When the petals of the heart unfold fragrance spreads across the valley.”
“The light of knowledge makes the dark soul to shine”
“The light of religions Would have entered the minds, but people”
“The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.”
“The lives around you are great resources of knowledge”
“The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering.   The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life.   Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one. ”
“The love of knowledge is a kind of madness. In the fraction of a second which it took Ransom to decide that the creature was really talking, and while he still knew that he might be facing instant death, his imagination had leaped over every fear and hope and probability of his situation to follow the dazzling project of making a Malacandrian grammar.”
“The maid told him that a girl and a child had come looking for him, but since she didn't know them, she hadn't cared to ask them in, and had told them to go on to Mers. "Why didn't you let them in?" asked Germain angrily. "People must be very suspicious in this part of the world, if they won't open the front door to a neighbor." "Well, naturally!" replied the maid. "In a house as rich as this, you have to keep a close watch on things. While the master's away I'm responsible for everything, and I can't just open the door to anyone at all." "That's a mean way to live," said Germain; "I'd rather be poor than live in fear like that. Good-bye to you, miss, and good-bye to this horrible country of yours!”
“The main thing about ghosts – most of them have lost their voices. In Asphodel, millions of them wander around aimlessly, trying to remember who they were. You know why they end up like that? Because in life they never took a stand one way or another. They never spoke out, so they were never heard. Your voice is your identity. If you don’t use it,’ Nico said with a shrug, ‘you’re halfway to Asphodel already.’ … He hated when his own advice applied to himself.”
“The majority of philosophies and of various spiritual movements teach that the highest achievement is to know thyself. Of course, there is nothing bad about the attempt to know ourselves better; a noble endeavor… But, if this is the prevailing dogma, then I must admit that I am a dissident. After all, you’ll never find your true self no matter how hard you try, no matter how close you’ll come to that. For me, the greatest of achievements is to be a good human, a gentle soul. And it is not as easy as it seems. Goodness, joyfulness, compassion are what we need in this world; no more unworkable knowledge without wisdom, no more holy grails!”
“The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.”
“The man of wisdom is never of two minds; the man of benevolence never worries; the man of courage is never afraid.”
“The man who loves the rising sun must equally adore the darkest night. How else will the sun rise if not through the darkness? Who would enjoy the calm if they could not also embrace the storm? All greatness is born in the harshest conditions. It’s struggle, not having everything handed to you on a plate, which makes you great. If you’re afraid of struggle, you’re afraid of greatness. The Superman wants to march through hell. The Last Man wants to see only heaven. That’s why the Last Man does nothing of note, while everything done by the Superman is noteworthy. Are the masses taking a note of your life, or is there nothing to note? Most people vanish from their own lives. At the end, they realized they never lived at all. Most people impersonate being alive. It’s not a good impression. They don’t even convince themselves. But you always know when you have encountered one of the congregation of the Chapel of the Serpent. They always leave their mark … their bite.”
“The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.”
“The man who sees both sides of a question is a man who sees absolutely nothing.”
“The man who’s gathering knowledge for the sake of it is like the sailor who's dying of thirst on the ocean. No matter how much he drinks, he will always be thirsty.”
“The mark of a lifelong learner is recognizing that you can learn something from everyone you meet. Knowledge is best sought from experts. Wisdom can come from anywhere.”
“The master of the garden is the one who waters it, trims the branches, plants the seeds, and pulls the weeds. If you merely stroll through the garden, you are but an acolyte.”
“The maturing internet is my apprentice.”
“The meaning of life can best be simplified as gratifying a personalized set of instincts.”
“The meaning of the words is necessary and not their extent. ”
“The measure of a man is his state of mind.”
“The measure of brilliance is in its utility.”
“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.”
“The meditation of a humanist is on the people and not on the nation. But a true nationalist has his mind both on the people and on the reservation of the nation.”
“The mermaid is an archetypal image that represents a woman who is at ease in the great waters of life, the waters of emotion and sexuality. She shows us how to embrace our instinctive sexuality and sensuality so that we can affirm the essence of our feminine nature, the wisdom of our bodies, and the playfulness of our spirits. She symbolizes our connection with our deepest instinctive feelings, our wild and untamed animal nature that exists below the surface of outward personalities. She is able to respond to her mysterious sexual impulses without abandoning her more human, conscious side. What happened to the girls who dreamed of being mermaids?”
“The messenger of God, peace be upon him, said, „If anyone travels a path in search of knowledge, God will conduct him through one of the paths of paradise. The angels will lower their wings, delighted with the one who seeks knowledge. And the inhabitants of the heavens and the earth, and the fish in the depths of the water will seek forgiveness for him. The higher station of the gnostic over the worshipper is like the position of the full moon among the stars.“ The hadith is not talking about the sect of Gnostics, but rather the knowers of God. The knowers of God are the heirs of the Prophet. (p. 90)”
“The mind has a definite way of clothing one's thoughts in appropriate physical equivalents. Think in terms of poverty and you will live in poverty. Think in terms of opulence and you will attract opulence. Through the eternal law of harmonious attraction, one's thoughts always clothe themselves in material things appropriate unto their nature.”
“The mind is a boundless canvas, and learning is the paint that colors our world with endless possibilities.”
“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”
“The mind is what makes a being inhuman.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“The mind of God is a mystery and none can understand it.”
“The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.”
“The mind wants to live forever, or to learn a very good reason why not. The mind wants the world to return its love, or its awareness; the mind wants to know all the world, and all eternity, and God. The mind's sidekick, however, will settle for two eggs over easy.”
“The modern habit of saying "This is my opinion, but I may be wrong" is entirely irrational. If I say that it may be wrong, I say that is not my opinion. The modern habit of saying "Every man has a different philosophy; this is my philosophy and it suits me" – the habit of saying this is mere weak-mindedness. A cosmic philosophy is not constructed to fit a man; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos. A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon.”
“The modern ignorance is in people's assumption that they can outsmart their own nature. It is in the arrogance that will believe nothing that cannot be proved, and respect nothing it cannot understand, and value nothing it cannot sell . . . The next hard time is just as real to him as the last, and so is the next blessing. The new ignorance is the same as the old, only less aware that ignorance is the same as the old, only less aware that ignorance is what it is. It is less humble, more foolish and frivolous, more dangerous. A man, Old Jack thinks, has no choice but to be ignorant, but he does not have to be a fool. He can know his place, and he can stay in it and be faithful.”
“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”
“The moment we realize that we don’t grasp what we know can be a watershed in our lives. The day we start to accept what we already know may perhaps be very bewildering, at first, but anyway, utmost eye-opening. The knowledge that has been barricaded behind ramparts of fear and distrust in our minds can suddenly burst loose. Through this deliverance, we become eventually aware of what we have always known but never dared to recognize. At that instant, the undercover challenge between “knowing and not knowing” can finally be settled. “To know, or not to know, that is the question!” (“"Wrong time. Wrong place"”)”
“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
“The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.”
“The more a man knows, the more willing he is to learn. The less a man knows, the more positive he is that he knows everything ”
“The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.”
“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
“The more doors you open to the mysteries, or sacred knowledge, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”
“The more educated someone is, the less likely it usually is for them to say that they do not know, when they do not know.”
“The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does.”
“The more knowledge I obtained, the more my mind changed. The more I learned, the more I realized how little I knew.”
“The more knowledge you have, the more you can love," he said. "Love comes from understanding, not from ignorance.”
“The more often a stupidity is repeated, the more it gets the appearance of wisdom.”
“The more one knows, the sooner one grows old”
“The more self-knowledge you have, the calmer you can be.”
“The more we know the less we understand”
“The more you dig deeper into crypto the more you will discover you know little about so many things in life. Keep learning and never stop!”
“The more you get older the more you over, lot of things”
“The more you know yourself, the less judgmental you become.”
“The more you know, the less you need.”
“The more you know, the more you know that you do not know and the more that you will want to know more. Alternatively, the less you know, the less you know that you do not know and the less that you will want to know more.”
“The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.”
“The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.”
“The more you study, the more you know; how less you know.”
“The more you test him, the slower he will learn and the less he'll want to do. The less you test him, the quicker he will learn and the more he'll want to learn. Knowledge is the most precious gift you can give your child. Give it as generously as you give him food.”
“The more you use your internal organs, especially when you are fasting, every organ becomes more active and more usable. Every time you fast for continuous 24 hours, the whole system becomes active and alive.”
“The most beautiful thing in the world is a heart that is changing.”
“The most common reason why startups fail is that they don't start.”
“The most complicated skill is to be simple.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“The most educated person in the world now has to admit—I shall not say confess—that he or she knows less and less but at least knows less and less about more and more.”
“The most essential prerequisite to understanding is to be able to admit when you don't understand something”
“The most important lesson in life is not what we learn, but the attitude we adopt towards learning itself.”
“The most important questions of life do not have any factual answers. Each individual must work out their own answers to these questions.”
“The most important thing in life is to dare. The most complicated thing in life is to be afraid. The smartest thing in the world is to try to be a moral person.”
“The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.”
“The most interesting journey, conversations, and life, always end prematurely.”
“The most potent, most effective magick you can indeed cast is upon yourself to awaken yourself, heal, and grow in wisdom.”
“The most talented people are always the nicest.”
“The most troubling feeling in the world is to be aware of how much you know. Yet, you don't know how to apply that knowledge into action.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“The most valuable lesson in life is the knowledge that there is always more to learn and discover.”
“The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.”
“The motivation for any work should be inspiration, not worry. Inspiration is an overflowing energy that expands your capacity to do things. It is completely energizing. Worry, on the other hand, is something that shrinks your capacity. It limits what you are capable of really doing because it takes away your energy.”
“The motive that impels modern reason to know must be described as the desire to conquer and dominate. For the Greek philosophers and the Fathers of the church, knowing meant something different: it meant knowing in wonder. By knowing or perceiving one participates in the life of the other. Here knowing does not transform the counterpart into the property of the knower; the knower does not appropriate what he knows. On the contrary, he is transformed through sympathy, becoming a participant in what he perceives.”
“The mysteries are a flaming torch, which, in the hands of a master, can light the way, but which, in the hands of a madman, can scorch the earth.”
“The nail that sticks out farthest gets hammered the hardest.”
“The new views about human intelligence were necessitated by the Liberal revolution, because if they were not true then the various revolutions, whether we are concerned with secular democracy or the private interpretation of scripture, would have been defeated from the start. Their inner logic depends on the truth of the premise that man is rationally self-sufficient, because the alternative would automatically necessitate an interdependent hierarchical arrangement in the corresponding spheres (political and religious).”
“The next best thing to being wise oneself is to live in a circle of those who are.”
“The next time you find yourself throwing mental darts at someone who betrayed you, just remember karma has a better aim.”
“The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care. I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, I wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organized religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking, and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptized. If there was indeed a God at the end of my days, I hoped he didn't say, 'But you were never a Christian, so you're going the other way from heaven.' If so, I was going to reply, 'You know what? You're right. Fine.' I believed, too, in the doctors and the medicine and the surgeries--I believed in that. I believed in them. A person like Dr. Einhorn [his oncologist], that's someone to believe in, I thought, a person with the mind to develop an experimental treatment 20 years ago that now could save my life. I believed in the hard currency of his intelligence and his research. Beyond that, I had no idea where to draw the line between spiritual belief and science. But I knew this much: I believed in belief, for its own shining sake. To believe in the face of utter hopelessness, every article of evidence to the contrary, to ignore apparent catastrophe--what other choice was there? We do it every day, I realized. We are so much stronger than we imagine, and belief is one of the most valiant and long-lived human characteristics. To believe, when all along we humans know that nothing can cure the briefness of this life, that there is no remedy for our basic mortality, that is a form of bravery. To continue believing in yourself, believing in the doctors, believing in the treatment, believing in whatever I chose to believe in, that was the most important thing, I decided. It had to be. Without belief, we would be left with nothing but an overwhelming doom, every single day. And it will beat you. I didn't fully see, until the cancer, how we fight every day against the creeping negatives of the world, how we struggle daily against the slow lapping of cynicism. Dispiritedness and disappointment, these were the real perils of life, not some sudden illness or cataclysmic millennium doomsday. I knew now why people fear cancer: because it is a slow and inevitable death, it is the very definition of cynicism and loss of spirit. So, I believed.”
“The night is still waiting.”
“The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good, the latter and immortal one.”
“The notion of freedom proclaimed by the modern world is anti-discipline. But true freedom cannot be separated from discipline.”
“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that. We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”
“The novel was born with the Modern Era, which made man, to quote Heidegger, the "only real subject," the ground for everything. It is largely through the novel that man as an individual was established on the European scene. Away from the novel, in our real lives, we know very little about our parents as they were before our birth; we have only fragmentary knowledge of the people close to us: we see them come and go and scarcely have they vanished than their place is taken over by others: they form a long line of replaceable beings. Only the novel separates out an individual, trains a light on his biography, his ideas, his feelings, makes him irreplaceable: makes him the center of everything.”
“The nuances of karma are hard to understand”
“The obvious can sometimes be illuminating when perceived in an unhabitual way.”
“The offer of certainty, the offer of complete security, the offer of an impermeable faith that can’t give way, is an offer of something not worth having. I want to live my life taking the risk all the time that I don’t know anything like enough yet; that I haven’t understood enough; that I can’t know enough; that I’m always hungrily operating on the margins of a potentially great harvest of future knowledge and wisdom. I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“The old and the dead are the most rewarding people to idolize, because they know things that we don't.”
“The old antiques dealer whispers to him that the secret of freedom and happiness lies in self-control and in a marriage between knowledge, will and power.”
“The old continued to have one resurgence of foolishness after another, until the organism gave out altogether.”
“The old lion is better bet than a young lamb.”
“The older I get, the less I know for certain.”
“The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.”
“The one thing I do remember is that as I retraced my steps through all the familiar streets of my life, Inow felt completely lost.”
“The one who has nothing has experience. And sometimes experience works wonder where knowledge fails.”
“The ones who know can’t tell us, and the ones who tell us don’t know.”
“The only antidote to being duped is a thorough knowledge of and passion for Truth.”
“The only cure to all this madness; is too dream, far and wide, if possibility doesn't knock, create a damn door. If the shoe doesn't fit, don't make it. If the journey your travelling seems to far fetched and wild beyond your imagination; continue on it, great things come to the risk takers. And last but not least, live today; here, right now, you'll thank your future self for it later.”
“The only defense against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.”
“The only fool that we can control is the one that we hope to never become.”
“The only good is knowledge, Sekhandur. The only evil is ignorance'. 'That is a saying uttered by as many fools as visionaries and an attitude that has led to damnation more than once. The last man to speak those words in my presence doomed our Legion.”
“The only guarantee we have in life is that everything is going to change. So knowing that, you really should take that chance and go for it. Play to win. Don’t play to not lose.”
“The only implication of education is knowledge and the only implication of knowledge is implementation.”
“The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.”
“The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.”
“The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve. ”
“The only reason that our choices come back to bite us is because we gave them teeth.”
“The only thing anyone can really know for sure is that you can’t really know anything for sure. If you’re lucky, you can get half the truth.”
“The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is the pretense of intelligent ignorance. The former is teachable; the latter is not.”
“The only thing set in stone are dumb quotes and names of dead people. Everything else is subject to change.”
“The only thing that interests the physicist is finding out on what assumptions a framework of things can be constructed which will enable us to know how to use them mechanically. Physics, as I have said on another occasion, is the technique of techniques and the ars combinatoria for fabricating machines. It is a knowledge which has scarcely anything to do with comprehension.”
“The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.”
“The only thing yellow journalists care about is to have something verified even if it true or not. As long as it is reasonably explained they do not care to publish lies. It is wrong profession.”
“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”
“The only value of wasted time is knowledge.”
“The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.”
“The only way to move from your reality to God’s reality is through people who love you.”
“The only way you would have failed," she said, "is if you had.”
“The only wisdom we can hope to acquire Is the wisdom of humility: humility is endless.”
“The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner; which creates much misunderstanding among the smug.” (August 9, 1955)”
“The opposition to Negro education in the South was at first bitter, and showed itself in ashes, insult, and blood; for the South believed an educated Negro to be a dangerous Negro. And the South was not wholly wrong; for education among all kinds of men always has had, and always will have, an element of danger and revolution, of dissatisfaction and discontent. Nevertheless, men strive to know.”
“The ordinary man gets motivation from power and fame. The superior finds motivation in meaning and work itself.”
“The outcome of a day with white spaces is far greater than a packed day extending to long working hours.”
“The passing of knowledge is, after all, an act of creation, the lesson like spermatozoa, the mind of the pupil a fecund womb, making something, a synapse, where there wasn’t anything before. The knowledge, like DNA, is passed, gestates, then takes on a life of its own: growing, flourishing, perhaps creating new knowledge itself.”
“The past has no power over the present moment.”
“The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it or to escape what is bad in it but we will escape it only by adding something better to it.”
“The path of light is the quest for knowledge.”
“The path to success is to take massive, determined action.”
“The perfection of wisdom, and the end of true philosophy is to proportion our wants to our possessions, our ambitions to our capacities, we will then be a happy and a virtuous people.”
“The person who does delayed gratification lives a healthy, long life because the parasites in him can't trigger patterns in him. Delayed gratification will kill the parasites and the patterns triggered by the parasites.”
“The person who held the truth would not make sense. But that is the trade-off. The world did not welcome people who tried to understand it.”
“The person who knows his calling will find opportunities everywhere”
“The person who really needs to know something does not need to be told many times, drilled, tested. Once is enough.”
“The person who unclutches and understands his source code - the source code of his internal software, becomes the best person to strategise even for social / economical / political success.”
“The person who wishes to attain human perfection should study logic first, next mathematics, then physics, and, lastly, metaphysics.”
“The phaenomena afforded by trades, are a part of the history of nature, and therefore may both challenge the naturalist's curiosity and add to his knowledge, Nor will it suffice to justify learned men in the neglect and contempt of this part of natural history, that the men, from whom it must be learned, are illiterate mechanicks  is indeed childish, and too unworthy of a philosopher, to be worthy of an honest answer.”
“The philosopher who's not already half dead is probably unable (or unwilling) ”
“The phrase ‘popular science’ has in itself a touch of absurdity. That knowledge which is popular is not scientific.”
“The pleasures arising from thinking and learning will make us think and learn all the more. 1153a 23”
“The point is, you won't necessarily know Whether you're living a science fiction reality.”
“The political problem of mankind is to combine three things: economic efficiency, social justice and individual liberty.”
“The positive fruit of the revelation of ignorance is nonknowledge, which is not a negation of knowledge but rather its most elaborate form.”
“The positivists have a simple solution: the world must be divided into that which we can say clearly and the rest, which we had better pass over in silence. But can anyone conceive of a more pointless philosophy, seeing that what we can say clearly amounts to next to nothing? If we omitted all that is unclear, we would probably be left completely uninteresting and trivial tautologies.”
“The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.”
“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
“The postgrad at least knew enough to know that he would never know enough, lying under the stars which hung from the inky sky like bunches of inconceivably heavy, lustrous grapes, dusted with the yeast of eternity.”
“The power I exert, I do so because I am wise, and clever, and know something of the turning of the world.”
“The power of church, state, school or public opinion, or of a monopoly of the instruments of communication, may be so used as to impoverish and imprison the mind. One idea insinuated into the mind may take possession of it and exercise a hypnotic spell. Two or more ideas are better, but if these are methodically selected to suit the purpose of an authority, they still deny freedom. Whoever determines what alternatives shall be made known to man controls what that man should choose from . He is deprived of freedom in proportion as he is denied access to any ideas, or is confined to any range of ideas short of the totality of relevant possibilities.”
“The power of human thought grows exponentially with the number of minds that share that thought.”
“The power of the mind is not as strong as the power of the heart. Because you can be brain-dead and your heart will keep beating.”
“The power of thought is the light of knowledge, the power of will is the energy of character, the power of heart is love. Reason, love and power of will are perfections of man.”
“The preservation of liberty depends upon the intellectual and moral character of the people.”
“The principle of “first things first” only works if you have the right list in the right order.”
“The principles you know determines what you get”
“The problem is also not, as suggested by the technosphere concept, that human beings are incapable of controlling systems that have a larger range of behaviors than they do themselves. The problem rather lies in the question of what 'control' means in the first place. The stewardship of technological systems and infrastructures always depends on their specific nature (in particular, the way they are embedded in natural and cultural environment) as well as on their representation in knowledge and belief systems. Human cognition is always embodied cognition. There are historical examples showing that humans have been able to manage and sustain extremely complex ecologies and infrastructures of their own making over the long term. The systems' potential behaviors always far exceeded those of their human components, but these were typically ecologies and infrastructures in which the relevant regulative structures of human behavior had themselves been coevolving over long periods, including in their representation by knowledge and belief systems. As recent work on Japanese ecologies during the Tokugawa period (between 1603 and 1868) shows, age-old traditions had accumulated knowledge on how to sustainably manage a complex landscape providing humans with food, shelter, clothing, and energy. The knowledge was implemented through a complex system of governance and material practices ranging from sanitation to publishing.”
“The problem is that parents expect their children to worry! If they don’t worry, they brand them as uncaring. It is possible to care without worrying. Care is doing, worry ischattering. There is no use chattering. Chattering is like trying to cross a bridge before it comes.”
“The problem of groupthink and individual ignorance besets not just ordinary voters and customers, but also presidents and CEOs. They may have at their disposal plenty of advisors and vast intelligence agencies, but this does not necessarily make things better. It is extremely hard to discover the truth when you are ruling the world. You are just far too busy. Most political chiefs and business moguls are forever on the run. Yet if you want to go deeply into any subject, you need a lot of time, and in particular you need the privilege of wasting time. You need to experiment with unproductive paths, to explore dead ends, to make space for doubts and boredom, and to allow little seeds of insight to slowly grow and blossom. If you cannot afford to waste time - you will never find the truth.”
“The problem of knowledge is that there are many more books on birds written by ornithologists than books on birds written by birds and books on ornithologists written by birds”
“The problem with the education is when it does not impart knowledge, and the problem with knowledge is when it does not impart maturity.”
“The problems are solved, not by giving new information, but by arranging what we have known since long.”
“The problems of our world — both individually and collectively — are rooted in our ignorance. This ignorance is deliberately perpetuated by the ruling class, who profit from our exploitation. But in absence of ignorance, mankind prefers peace over war, abundance over scarcity, and freedom to exploitation. Thus the key to mankind's salvation lay in the acquisition, and subsequent spread, of useful Knowledge and verifiable Truth. Because a society without this as its foundation will always be relegated to some form of slavery.”
“The problems of our world — both individually and collectively — are rooted in our ignorance. This ignorance is deliberately perpetuated by the ruling class, who profit from our exploitation. But in absence of ignorance, mankind prefers peace over war; abundance over scarcity; and freedom over exploitation. Thus, the key to mankind's salvation lay in the acquisition and subsequent spread of useful Knowledge and verifiable Truth. Because a society without this as its foundation will always be relegated to some form of slavery.”
“The process of learning, formation of knowledge, paradigms and systems paradoxically lends itself to the ideals of exclusivity, control and limitations of execution.”
“The propensity to excessive simplification is indeed natural to the mind of man, since it is only by abstraction and generalisation, which necessarily imply the neglect of a multitude of particulars, that he can stretch his puny faculties so as to embrace a minute portion of the illimitable vastness of the universe. But if the propensity is natural and even inevitable, it is nevertheless fraught with peril, since it is apt to narrow and falsify our conception of any subject under investigation. To correct it partially - for to correct it wholly would require an infinite intelligence - we must endeavour to broaden our views by taking account of a wide range of facts and possibilities; and when we have done so to the utmost of our power, we must still remember that from the very nature of things our ideas fall immeasurably short of the reality.”
“The proper study of mankind is man," you know.' 'You must study him, then,”
“The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.”
“The purpose of collecting so much information can only be power.”
“The purpose of education is to free the student from the tyranny of the present.”
“The purpose of education is to help us dive below the surface to reveal rarely glimpsed roots of wisdom.”
“The pursuit of knowing was freedom to me, the right to declare your own curiosities and follow them through all manner of books.”
“The pursuit of knowledge is a lifelong journey, and those who embrace it will always be enriched by its rewards.”
“The quest for knowledge in science is a never-ending journey, where every answer births new questions.”
“The question is: do you want suffering or do you want peace? It's that simple.”
“The question of why behind every phenomenon in nature, does not have one answer, it has infinite layers of answer, and the more layers you unravel, the closer you get to understanding the makeup of the universe.”
“The question to ask is what will satisfy you? What will bring you peace? And perhaps the answer to those is in asking yourself when you were last happy.”
“The range of human knowledge today is so great that we're all specialists and the distance between specializations has become so great that anyone who seeks to wander freely between them almost has to forego closeness with the people around him.”
“The rapid accumulation of knowledge has spawned a sense of urgency to master information quickly, perhaps at the expense of building foundational understanding needed for future learning. Quality remains elusive. More and faster have become mistakenly synonymous with better.”
“The real difference is this: the Christian says that he has knowledge; the Agnostic admits that he has none; and yet the Christian accuses the Agnostic of arrogance, and asks him how he has the impudence to admit the limitations of his mind. To the Agnostic every fact is a torch, and by this light, and this light only, he walks. The Agnostic knows that the testimony of man is not sufficient to establish what is known as the miraculous. We would not believe to-day the testimony of millions to the effect that the dead had been raised. The church itself would be the first to attack such testimony. If we cannot believe those whom we know, why should we believe witnesses who have been dead thousands of years, and about whom we know nothing? The Agnostic takes the ground that human experience is the basis of morality. Consequently, it is of no importance who wrote the gospels, or who vouched or vouches for the genuineness of the miracles. In his scheme of life these things are utterly unimportant. He is satisfied that “the miraculous” is the impossible. He knows that the witnesses were wholly incapable of examining the questions involved, that credulity had possession of their minds, that 'the miraculous' was expected, that it was their daily food.”
“The real jewel of my disease-ridden woodlot is the prothonotary warbler. He nests in an old woodpecker hole, or other small cavity, in a dead snag overhanging water. The flash of his gold-and-blue plumage amid the dank decay of the June woods is in itself proof that dead trees are transmuted into living animals, and vice versa. When you doubt the wisdom of this arrangement, take a look at the prothonotary.”
“The real purpose of the scientific method is to make sure nature hasn’t misled you into thinking you know something you actually don’t know.”
“The reality of living happily ever after is the knowledge that life doesn't always have a happy ending.”
“The realm of academia is an educational system that prioritises conformity over curiosity, rote memorisation over critical thinking, and passive absorption over active participation.”
“The relation between what we see and what we know is never settled. Each evening we see the sun set. We know that the earth is turning away from it. Yet the knowledge, the explanation, never quite fits the sight.”
“The relationship between apprentice and mentor is one of the most beautiful and most sacred relationships. In sharing his wisdom with his apprentice, the mentor discovers even more wisdom to share.”
“The religious school she went to, growing up, Ms. Wright said how all the girls had to wear a scarf tied to cover their ears at all times. Based on the biblical idea that the Virgin Mary became pregnant when the Holy Spirit whispered in her ear. The idea that ears were vaginas. That, hearing just one wrong idea, you lost your innocence. One detail too many and you’d be ruined. Overdosed on information.”
“The remedy for ignorance is knowledge. But there is no cure for someone who chooses to remain ignorant.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“The revolution is not an apple that falls when ripe. You have to make it fall.”
“The right intel is a weapon. I'm just using a larger calibre.”
“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible. I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”
“The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.”
“The road to idiocy is often made up by cooked knowledge which never knew when to not use it.”
“The road to wisdom is paved with excess. The mark of a true writer is their ability to mystify the familiar and familiarize the strange.”
“The role of the academy as a colonial and imperial space par excellence, which in the age globalization and corporatization of practically everything, has become the biggest enemy of knowledge and the decolonial option. In fact, the academy has become a space that instead of creating options, is doing everything in its power to deny most people options and keep itself as the only game in town.”
“The rule of the universe is that others can do for us what we cannot do for ourselves, and one can paddle every canoe except one's own. ”
“The sad thing is people I am fighting for to have a good life. They are fighting me to have a bad life. They are the ones who are responsible for my bad life.”
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
“The saddest thing about "know-it-alls" and/or "closed minded people" is not their ignorance, but that they are basically admitting they have maximized their potential. These people are the antithesis of the expert or master, who as a direct result of their knowledge knows they do not know everything, so strives to learn more.”
“The saying ‘ignorance is bliss’ essentially means knowledge hurts, that essentially means excess of knowledge is painful.”
“The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom.”
“The science of decision-making is to make sure there is an effective decision process in place.”
“The science of research equips us with knowledge and insights, enabling us to make informed decisions and evaluate our missional effectiveness.”
“The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of disassociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.”
“The scientist who asserts that cell division is a misnomer, that cell membranes are mere veils, and that all differentiation serves but the purpose of love, may face an arduous battle. Nevertheless, it is a noble and worthy battle, a battle of wisdom over ignorance.”
“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
“The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.”
“The secret of my health; I inhale books.”
“The secret of producing meaningful and powerful knowledge is simple: be sincere. We must strive to be sincere in the way we approach any question, to be sincere in understanding our limits and blind spots, and to acknowledge our strengths and weaknesses at all times. I have learned that objectivity is impossible, but sincerity is not. It is the latter that brings us the closest possible to objectivity, and only through sincerity we can build bridges of reconciliation between the subjective and the objective.”
“The secret, or innermost, level of wisdom is pure intuition, clarity, lucidity, innate wakefulness, presence, and recognition of reality. This transcendental wisdom is within all of us—it just needs to be discovered and developed, unfolded and actualized.”
“The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues.   [But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.”
“The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries had been the centuries when space was extended, when the realm of the visible had suddenly been increased by the invention of the microscope and the telescope. We have images from that era which remind us of quite how astonishing that sudden stretching of space must have been. There is the Dutch lens-grinder Antony van Leeuwenhoek, peering down his rudimentary microscope in 1674 to see a host of micro-organisms teeming in a drop of pond-water ('The motion of most of these animalcules in the water was so swift , and so various upwards, downwards and round about, that 'twas wonderful to see …'). There is Galileo scrying upwards through his telescope in 1609, and becoming the first human to realize that there are "lofty mountains" and "deep valleys" on the moon. And there is Blaise Pascal's mingled wonder and horror at the realization that man is poised teeteringly between two abysses: between the visible atomic world and, with its 'infinity of universes, each with its firmament, planets, and its earth', and the invisible cosmos, too big to see, also with its "infinity of universes", stretching unstoppably away in the night sky. The nineteenth century, though, was the century in which time was extended. The two previous centuries had revealed the so-called "plurality of worlds" which existed in the tracts of space and the microcosmos of atoms. What geology revealed in the 1800s was the multitude of 'former worlds' on earth, which had once existed but no longer did. Some inhabitants of these former worlds offered an excitement beyond the general thrill of antiquity. This was the range of monstrous creatures which had formerly lived on earth: mammoths, mammals, 'sea-dragons' and dinosaurs (literally 'fearfully great lizards'), as they were christened in 1842 by the palaeoanatomist Richard Owen. Fossilized bones and teeth had been plucked from the earth for centuries, but not until the early 1800s was it realized that some of these relics belonged to distinct, and extinct, species.”
“The significance of our lives and our fragile planet is then determined only by our own wisdom and courage. We are the custodians of life's meaning. We long for a Parent to care for us, to forgive us our errors, to save us from our childish mistakes. But knowledge is preferable to ignorance. Better by far to embrace the hard truth than a reassuring fable. If we crave some cosmic purpose, then let us find ourselves a worthy goal.”
“The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.”
“The sin of knowledge is time.”
“The sincere quest for knowledge will assist us in finding the straight path in life and staying firm upon it.”
“The size and age of the Cosmos are beyond ordinary human understanding. Lost somewhere between immensity and eternity is our tiny planetary home. In a cosmic perspective, most human concerns seem insignificant, even petty. And yet our species is young and curious and brave and shows much promise. In the last few millennia we have made the most astonishing and unexpected discoveries about the Cosmos and our place within it, explorations that are exhilarating to consider. They remind us that humans have evolved to wonder, that understanding is a joy, that knowledge is prerequisite to survival. I believe our future depends on how well we know this Cosmos in which we float like a mote of dust in the morning sky.”
“The slave is not afflicted with a punishment greater than the hardening of the heart and being distant from Allah. For the Fire was created to melt the hardened heart. The most distant heart from Allah is the heart which is hardened. If the heart becomes hardened, the eye becomes dry.”
“The slenderest knowledge that may be obtained of the highest things is more desirable than the most certain knowledge obtained of lesser things.”
“The small wisdom is like water in a glass: clear, transparent, pure. The great wisdom is like the water in the sea: dark, mysterious, impenetrable.”
“The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.”
“The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.”
“The soil needs the seed and the seed needs the soil. The one only has meaning with the other. It is the same thing with human beings. When male knowledge joins with female transformation, then the great magical union is created, and its name is wisdom. Wisdom means both to know and to transform.”
“The songlines you must walk if you desire to fulfill your dreams aren’t drawn on the ground or mapped on a piece of paper, they’re tucked inside the epicenter of your heart.”
“The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts.”
“The soul, in its loneliness, hopes only for "salvation." And yet what is the burden of the Bible if not a sense of the mutuality of influence, rising out of an essential unity, among soul and body and community and world? These are all the works of God, and it is therefore the work of virtue to make or restore harmony among them. The world is certainly thought of as a place of spiritual trial, but it is also the confluence of soul and body, word and flesh, where thoughts must become deeds, where goodness must be enacted. This is the great meeting place, the narrow passage where spirit and flesh, word and world, pass into each other. The Bible's aim, as I read it, is not the freeing of the spirit from the world. It is the handbook of their interaction. It says that they cannot be divided; that their mutuality, their unity, is inescapable; that they are not reconciled in division, but in harmony. What else can be meant by the resurrection of the body? The body should be "filled with light," perfected in understanding. And so everywhere there is the sense of consequence, fear and desire, grief and joy. What is desirable is repeatedly defined in the tensions of the sense of consequence.”
“The source of wisdom and power, of love and beauty, is within ourselves, but not within our egos. It is within our consciousness. Indeed, its presence provides us with a conscious contrast which enables us to speak of the ego as if it were something different and apart: it is the true Self whereas the ego is only an illusion of the mind.”
“The spaces between the perceiver and the thing perceived can [ ] be closed with a shout of recognition.”
“The spirit is the mirror; the body is the rust. (Divan-i-Shamsi Tabriz)”
“The statement ‘There is nothing more American than an Indian’ happens to be a multidimensional paradox. Try and not say too many of those. That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss.”
“The striving of humanity for knowledge and truth [can] not be suppressed. The growth of the spirit [is]an essential part of Creation; it was planned like the growth of the body, of the plants and animals and people - every living thing that God had created.”
“The strong relationship between humans and books relates to the role of the written word in the dissemination of knowledge, feeling, and experience over thousands of years [ ] Our simultaneously emotional and spiritual relationship to the book is about how the book "speaks to us." It is a medium connecting us to other people both living and dead.”
“The strongest trees still bow to saplings when the wind blows.”
“The stubborn critic would say: 'What is the benefit of these sciences?' He does not know the virtue that distinguishes mankind from all the animals: it is knowledge, in general, which is pursued solely by man, and which is pursued for the sake of knowledge itself, because its acquisition is truly delightful, and is unlike the pleasures desirable from other pursuits. For the good cannot be brought forth, and evil cannot be avoided, except by knowledge. What benefit then is more vivid? What use is more abundant?”
“The study of scripture leads to the right knowledge of God.”
“The study of truth requires a considerable effort - which is why few are willing to undertake it out of love of knowledge - despite the fact that God has implanted a natural appetite for such knowledge in the minds of men.”
“The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.”
“The success of my journey depended on whether my heart walked forward—toward my people—instead of backward, away from them.”
“The sum of things to be known is inexhaustible, and however long we read, we shall never come to the end of our story-book." ( Introductory lecture as professor of Latin at University College, London , 3 October 1892)”
“The sun always shines above the clouds.”
“The supreme bliss of this divine love is felt within the soul that is pure and receptive to the sanctity of God’s boundless love. It kindles the innermost self of devotees. You have two forms, one of brilliant splendor and the other of great peace, fit for contemplation. You are the gracious protector of the knowledge.”
“The surest way of concealing from others the boundaries of one's own knowledge is not to overstep them.”
“The system has your brain. They evaluate it to let you. A mafia of established people, your competition, wants to destroy you and functions as Geppetto planting false negative things into your brain and body. Fake news. Wrong accusations.”
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
“The testimony of the apostles is some of the most compelling evidence for the truth of the Resurrection. That a band of persecuted men would willingly suffer and even go to grisly deaths rather than break down and confess something that every one of them knew to be a lie stretches credulity beyond the breaking point. If Jesus’ Resurrection had been a fraud, the apostles, of all people, would have known it. While a fanatic might die for a lie he thought to be true, only a lunatic would die for a claim that he knew to be false. Yet even the apostles’ enemies knew that they were far from mad; they marveled that such untutored fishermen were so erudite (Acts 4:13).”
“The testimony of the greatest humans who have ever lived is that the way to make the most of ourselves is by transcending ourselves. We must learn to move beyond self-centeredness to make room within ourselves for others. When you transcend yourself, the fact will be confirmed by the quality of your life. We will attain – even if only momentarily – a transparency and a radiance of being which results from living both within and beyond yourself. This is the promise and the excitement of self-understanding.”
“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
“The thing about living alone is that it gives you a lot of time to think. You don't necessarily reach any conclusions, because wisdom is largely a function of intelligence and self-awareness, not time on your hands. But you do become very good at thinking yourself into endless loops of desperation in half the time it would take a normal person.”
“The thing that's important to know is that you never know. You're always sort of feeling your way.”
“The thing to be known grows with the knowing.”
“The things about which we inquire are equal in number to the things we understand.”
“The things that are truly meant for you will never run from you. They will show up and be there to stay.”
“The things that pose the greatest threats to your survival are the most real things.”
“The things we hate about ourselves aren't more real than things we like about ourselves.”
“The things we know and believe are a part of us. We feel we have always known them. Almost anything else, anything that doesn’t fit into our structure of knowledge, our mental model of reality, is likely to seem strange, wild, fearful, dangerous and impossible. People defend what they are used to even when it is hurting them.”
“The things you're looking for, Montag, are in the world, but the only way the average chap will ever see ninety-nine per cent of them is in a book.”
“The third serious problem the culture of customer service as we know it creates is turning every profession into a customer service tool to generate profits. In doing so, we risk the loss of creativity, quality, and critical thinking in many walks of life. Nowhere is this risk clearer and more damaging than viewing students at different educational institutions as customers, and nowhere this trend has been happening more rapidly than at schools, colleges, and universities, especially at private institutions. There is severe damage done to creativity and critical thinking when all students want is an A, and in fact feel entitled to get it since they (or their parents) are paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to attend elite schools. Many educators are under enormous pressure to give students grades they do not deserve in order to avoid receiving bad student evaluations (or to ensure getting good ones). This pressure is intensifying as academic jobs become increasingly contingent and precarious, where teaching staff are hired under short contracts only renewed based on so-called ‘performance,’ which is often measured by student evaluations and enrollment. When this happens, academic and intellectual compromises and corruption increase. Colleagues at elite American universities have been pressured to give students grades no lower than a B, with the explanation that this is what is ‘expected.’ Rampant grade inflation is unethical and unacceptable. Unfortunately, when graduate instructors resist professors’ instructions to fix grades by grading according to independent criteria of intellectual merit, they may be verbally chastised or worse, fired. This humiliation not only reinforces the norm of inflating grades, it also bolsters the power of the tenured professors who instruct their teaching assistants to do it.”
“The thirst for knowledge is like a piece of ass you know you shouldn't chase; in the end, you chase it just the same.”
“The thirst for knowledge, exploration, or finding that which we seek lives in everyone.”
“The tides are turning. Everybody else is waking up, becoming more awake, aware, seeking knowledge, challenging the assumptions. 'They' call it 'woke' and demean it  'They' may be--may aspire to be--the authorities, may judge and smirk and wield their swords, but 'everybody else' knows what's really happening. And the forces of change, however resisted, will continue to awaken us all.”
“The time will come when diligent research over long periods will bring to light things which now lie hidden. A single lifetime, even though entirely devoted to the sky, would not be enough for the investigation of so vast a subject  And so this knowledge will be unfolded only through long successive ages. There will come a time when our descendants will be amazed that we did not know things that are so plain to them  Many discoveries are reserved for ages still to come, when memory of us will have been effaced.”
“The times that I have been most vehemently criticized were those times when I had worked to keep people from walking off a cliff that they could not see because they believed that I held a prejudice I did not have.”
“The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.”
“The tragedy lies in the fact that for so long nobody knew what is God. If that was so, there would be no temple, mosque, or church. Only long, long years ago the Vedic sages conceived and realized that this human being becomes God. Therefore, they not only stopped by saying, ’Svetoketo, That art thou’ you are the Knowledge (Brahma), you are the world’, but announced, ‘You are born to become universal’.”
“The treasure is hidden in diversity.”
“The tree of knowledge is based on pleasure and pain; the ultimate reduction. From here we get joy and sorrow, the two primary emotions. Love is a form of joy and hate, a form of sorrow, but all spring from the tree of pleasure and pain, which all 'know.”
“The trees remain friendly regardless of where I go or who I meet.”
“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”
“The true birthplace is that wherein for the first time one looks intelligently upon oneself; my first homelands have been books, and to a lesser degree schools.”
“The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.”
“The true measure of wealth is not possessions but what riches you leave behind for the world.”
“The true value of a man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of the Truth, but rather the pursuit of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectibility is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent, and proud.”
“The true value of man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectability is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent and proud. If God were to hold all Truth concealed in his right hand, and in his left only the steady and diligent drive for Truth, albeit with the proviso that I would always and forever err in the process, and to offer me the choice, I would with all humility take the left hand. ”
“The truth about the ultimate life positivity, is one of the main reasons why hindus are constantly rejuvenating themselves and contributing to the world.”
“The truth has infinite paths. The lies only one.”
“The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.”
“The truth is like salt. Men want to taste a little, but too much makes everyone sick.”
“The truth is that we all live by leaving behind; no doubt we all profoundly know that we are immortal and that sooner or later every man will do all things and know everything.”
“The truth is the truth. It does not need proof. Only lies need proof. And fake one.”
“The truth is, things change. They change in ways we never could have predicted and we are often rocked to our core. But there’s nothing more beautiful than rising after every time you’ve fallen. Those moments are made of magic.”
“The truth is, you will not be decisive in knowing what you want until you know who you are.”
“The ultimate difference between God's wisdom and man's wisdom is how they relate to the glory of God's grace in Christ crucified. God's wisdom makes the glory of God's grace our supreme treasure. But man's wisdom delights in seeing himself as resourceful, self-sufficient, self determining, and not utterly dependent on God's free grace.”
“The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.”
“The unexamined life is not worth living.”
“The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.”
“The unteachable man is sentenced to being taught only by experience. The tragedy is he reaches nothing further than his own pain.”
“The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.”
“The vast majority of those who are respected for being knowledgeable have not produced even a single significant opinion or question of their own.”
“The vaunted experience of age was perhaps only a matter of wounds and scarring -- that young minds to old minds might be as young bodies to old bodies: stronger, more vital, less twisted by damage.”
“The very old and the very young have something in common that makes it right that they should be left alone together. Dawn and sunset see stars shining in a blue sky; but morning and midday and afternoon do not, poor things.”
“The war between good and evil is in reality an imposition of stupidity and simplicity over wisdom and complexity.”
“The waters of spirituality are forever changing and forever constant. Prejudice or fixed ideas can only weigh you down and remove you from the flow. - The Book of Metanoia (D. Williamsen)”
“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
“The way I see it there’s two types of people, those who spend their lives trying to build a future and those who spend their lives trying to rebuild the past. For too long I’d be stuck in between, hidden in the dark.”
“The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!”
“The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.”
“The way out is through the door. Why is it that no one will use this method?”
“The way to be in bliss is to dissolve into the ocean, not to be a drop but to merge with the ocean. To be a drop is to be a hindrance. To be a drop is to be with ego. The ego is the root of all misery. When the ego is absent, bliss reaches us from every nook and corner of the ocean of existence, as if it were just waiting for the ego to disappear.”
“The way you give your name to others is a measure of how much you like and respect yourself.”
“The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.”
“The weak are dominated by their ego, the wise dominate their ego, and the intelligent are in a constant struggle against their ego.”
“The weakest of all weak things is a virtue which has not been tested in the fire.”
“The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.”
“The whole world is beautiful, Belgarion' Eriond assured him in response to that unspoken thought. 'You just have to know how to look at it”
“The winners of tomorrow will be spiritually intelligent, not technologically superior.”
“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best  For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..”
“The wise are not wise because they make no mistakes. They are wise because they correct their mistakes as soon as they recognize them.”
“The wise could be counted on to do what was wise; there was no predicting the actions of a buffoon.”
“The wise man knows that it is better to sit on the banks of a remote mountain stream than to be emperor of the whole world.”
“The wise man who has never flown a plane will cite the absurdity that he get into the cockpit and fly. On the other hand, the fool who has never flown will find himself sitting in the wreckage of the plane all the while citing the absurdity of the plane to do such a thing.”
“The wise men posit questions to which they may not always find immediate answers, but through their reflections God stimulates man in his search for truth - which in the last analysis is a search for God himself.”
“The wise never doubt. The Humane never worry. The brave never fear.”
“The wise see unity in diversity. The ignorant see diversity as division.”
“The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.”
“The wisest thing that you would rather do is to choose what you say to someone, rather than say what you choose because words spoken can never be reversed.”
“The word Genius is not a noun, it's a verb!”
“The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.”
“The world demands I make good choices on no information, and then blames my maidenhood for my mistakes, as if my maidenhood were responsible for my ignorance. Ignorance is not stupidity, but it might as well be. And I do not like feeling stupid.”
“The world has been changing even faster as people, devices and information are increasingly connected to each other. Computational power is growing and quantum computing is quickly being realised. This will revolutionise artificial intelligence with exponentially faster speeds. It will advance encryption. Quantum computers will change everything, even human biology. There is already one technique to edit DNA precisely, called CRISPR. The basis of this genome-editing technology is a bacterial defence system. It can accurately target and edit stretches of genetic code. The best intention of genetic manipulation is that modifying genes would allow scientists to treat genetic causes of disease by correcting gene mutations. There are, however, less noble possibilities for manipulating DNA. How far we can go with genetic engineering will become an increasingly urgent question. We can’t see the possibilities of curing motor neurone diseases—like my ALS—without also glimpsing its dangers. Intelligence is characterised as the ability to adapt to change. Human intelligence is the result of generations of natural selection of those with the ability to adapt to changed circumstances. We must not fear change. We need to make it work to our advantage. We all have a role to play in making sure that we, and the next generation, have not just the opportunity but the determination to engage fully with the study of science at an early level, so that we can go on to fulfil our potential and create a better world for the whole human race. We need to take learning beyond a theoretical discussion of how AI should be and to make sure we plan for how it can be. We all have the potential to push the boundaries of what is accepted, or expected, and to think big. We stand on the threshold of a brave new world. It is an exciting, if precarious, place to be, and we are the pioneers. When we invented fire, we messed up repeatedly, then invented the fire extinguisher. With more powerful technologies such as nuclear weapons, synthetic biology and strong artificial intelligence, we should instead plan ahead and aim to get things right the first time, because it may be the only chance we will get. Our future is a race between the growing power of our technology and the wisdom with which we use it. Let’s make sure that wisdom wins.”
“The world is 3 days: As for yesterday, it has vanished along with all that was in it. As for tomorrow, you may never see it. As for today, it is yours, so work on it.”
“The world is a different place in this new century, [ ]. And we are a different people. My visions still come but no one listens any longer to what they tell us, what they warn us. I knew even as a young woman that destruction bred on the horizon. [ ] War touches everyone, and windigos spring from the earth.”
“The world is beautiful. What the world needs more of are people with a beautiful heart.”
“The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.”
“The world is full of brilliant people. Only when we travel do we get to meet the hidden pearls of the human race.”
“The world is perishing for lack of the knowledge of God and the Church is famishing for want of His Presence.”
“The world of intelligent people know the interests of billionaires in term of love and innovation. That's the story of how and why WikiBili is created." -- Jean Wallet, the founder of AYCH inc. --”
“The world runs on emotions and fear.”
“The world, viewed philosophically, remains a series of slave camps, where citizens – tax livestock – labor under the chains of illusion in the service of their masters.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“The worn soles of Daffy's boots skidded on the icy stones. He'd been saving up for a new pair for Christmas, but then he'd come across an encyclopaedia in ten volumes, going cheap. Boots might last ten years, at best, but knowledge was eternal.”
“The worship of power is an old religion.”
“The worst pain a man can suffer: to have insight into much and power over nothing.”
“The worst part of telling someone, “I told you so,” is to have to tell them a second time because they didn’t figure out the problem the first time.”
“The worst thing: to give yourself away in exchange for not enough love.”
“The worth of knowledge is to be measured based on whether it benefits others without discrimination.”
“The years I have squandered in puerile excitement, in going hither and thither, in seeking to force nature and time, I ought to have spent in solitude and meditation, in endeavoring to make myself worthy of being loved.”
“The young were at least smooth-skinned and straight; the old were flabby and wrinkled. At least, he thought, they should pony up some piece of timeless wisdom to make up for their wretchedness: yet most shambled from breakfast to bedtime in the same dumb state that had taken them through adolescence. A fair number had grown up quite simply dimwits, and stubbornly remained so even in their dotage. He wanted to venerate them, for with their lined faces and dignified bearing they reminded him of august men of state. But then they spoke.”
“The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.”
“Their mother is Athene, the goddess of wisdom, and, although they are often ready to play the buffoon to amuse you, such conduct is the prerogative of the truly wise.”
“Then Deborah stood at the wicket gate, the boundary, and there was a woman with outstretched hand, demanding tickets. "Pass through," she said when Deborah reached her. "We saw you coming." The wicket gate became a turnstile. Deborah pushed against it and there was no resistance, she was through. "What is it?" she asked. "Am I really here at last? Is this the bottom of the pool?" "It could be," smiled the woman. "There are so many ways. You just happened to choose this one." Other people were pressing to come through. They had no faces, they were only shadows. Deborah stood aside to let them by, and in a moment they had gone, all phantoms. "Why only now, tonight?" asked Deborah. "Why not in the afternoon, when I came to the pool?" "It's a trick," said the woman. "You seize on the moment in time. We were here this afternoon. We're always here. Our life goes on around you, but nobody knows it. The trick's easier by night, that's all." "Am I dreaming, then?" asked Deborah. "No," said the woman, "this isn't a dream. And it isn't death, either. It's the secret world." The secret world  It was something Deborah had always known, and now the pattern was complete. The memory of it, and the relief, were so tremendous that something seemed to burst inside her heart. "Of course " she said, "of course " and everything that had ever been fell into place. There was no disharmony. The joy was indescribable, and the surge of feeling, like wings about her in the air, lifted her away from the turnstile and the woman, and she had all knowledge. That was it - the invasion of knowledge. ("The Pool")”
“Then it happened that whenever he began to see Mari's (Mary Magdalene) passionate enthusiasm, her eyes emanating a light that amply showed how contended she was aiding so many people, Jesus could not help but be proud of his most-beloved disciple. Mari, likewise, felt indebted and grateful to Jesus as she saw her fellow sisters gradually being saved on all counts, some even going on to become some of Jesus's staunchest disciples ”
“Then the edge asserts itself. You are not a god. You are not that enlarged self. Indeed, you are not even a whole self, as you now see. Your new knowledge of possibilities is also a knowledge of what is lacking in the actual.”
“Then we shan’t regard anyone as a lover of knowledge or wisdom who is fussy about what he studies…”
“Then why do you want to know?" "Because learning does not consist only of knowing what we must or we can do, but also of knowing what we could do and perhaps should not do.”
“Theoretical knowledge is not the exclusive domain of ivory tower intellectuals, but is, in fact, a crucial necessity of man's proper survival. Every bit of your mental contents is derived from some theory, and your success and happiness hinge on whether it is true or false, good or evil.”
“Theories, philosophies, ideologies, all later, first realization.”
“There are 1,198,500,000 people alive now in China. To get a feel for what that means, simply take yourself - in all your singularity, importance, complexity, and love - and multiply by 1,198,500,000. See? Nothing to it.”
“There are 1000 different uses of NFTs, and people are still trying to figure out what NFTs are”
“There are all kinds of ignorance that are insidious. Most involve not asking the right questions, or not questioning the assumptions in the questions themselves. We can do better.”
“There are certain pivotal moments in life when clarity replaces its opposite in the blink of an eye.”
“There are certain points I do not yet understand: They will be clear later. I am also convinced That you only hold a fragment of the explanation. It is only because of what you do not understand That you feel the need to declare what you do. There is more to understand: hold fast to that As the way to freedom.”
“There are certain things you can only understand by creating them yourself.”
“There are four things that lead to wisdom. You ready for them?' She nodded, wondering when the police work would begin. "They are four sentences we learn to say, and mean." Gamache held up his hand as a fist and raised a finger with each point. "I don't know. I need help. I'm sorry. I was wrong'.”
“There are genuine mysteries in the world that mark the limits of human knowing and thinking. Wisdom is fortified, not destroyed, by understanding its limitations. Ignorance does not make a fool as surely as self-deception.”
“There are good and bad leaders and there are good and bad people. It is much worse when a bad leader is also a bad person.”
“There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.”
“There are lots of ways to celebrate achievements. Showing them that you have recognized their efforts will help them feel a sense of accomplishment and pride in what they are doing.”
“There are many things I don't know, but I know a great deal about imprisonment.”
“There are many things in the deep waters; and seas and lands may change. And it is not our part here to take thought only for a season, or for a few lives of Men, or for a passing age of the world. We should seek a final end of this menace, even if we do not hope to make one.”
“There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them. But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.”
“There are no limitations to the mind except those that we acknowledge.”
“There are no opponents; there is only oneself not wanting to be by itself.”
“There are no ordinary moments.”
“There are occasions and causes, why and wherefore in all things.”
“There are only 3 types of societies. The one ruled by the sword, the one ruled by the pen, and the one ruled by a balance between the two. "There are", meaning there was other types of socities, but they were consumed by those that were.”
“There are only two types of changes: anticipatory changes and follow-up changes. The former allows you to decide your own evolution path, the latter leaves you with the option to adapt or perish.”
“There are people in the world, who are just wrong, and then there are the masses of population that are right, or at the very least they lie in the veil of between. I on the other hand, do not belong to any group. I don’t exist. It’s not that I don’t have substance; I have a body like everyone else. I can feel the fire when it burns against my skin, the rain when it caresses my face and the breeze as it fingers my hair. I have all the senses that other people do. I am just empty, inside.”
“There are questions I'm still not wise enough to answer, just wise enough to no longer ask.”
“There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.”
“There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.”
“There are some people in life who say things you inwardly agree with in ways you outwardly don't.”
“There are some who deploy casual wisdom for the purpose of engaging.”
“There are those dubious causes that destroy our lives by whispering in our ears the mesmerizing lie that the cause is handing us the privilege of sacrifice, when in fact it is executing an act of murder.”
“There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. That's the miracle of all time--the fact that these millions know so much but don't know this.”
“There are three kind of history. The first is what really happened and that is forever lost. The second is what most people thought happened, and we can recover that with assiduous effort. The third is what the people in power wanted the future to think happened and that is 90 percent of the history in books.”
“There are three state process of growth a wise King gives to a Prince, first is silence which is fools remedy, to cure the prince off all madness, ailment and folly. second is solitude, his dietary which after the prince been cure off all ailment, madness and folly, helps to process him in growth towards full embodiment of Prince ship. Third is Understanding which when deepens turns the Prince away from full treatment to the Kings lordship where the Prince would rule besides his kingship”
“There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.”
“There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table.”
“There are times when you don’t feel the support you gave to others on their journey is given back but don’t take it personally because you have done what you were called to do”
“There are two creative conditions that I hold near and dear to my heart and mind when it comes to knowledge production: first, the more we know, the more we know how little we know. That makes it such that we soon realize how hard it is to add something new to the wide and deep ocean of knowledge. Second, it is hard to justify the existence of any work, in any field of knowledge, that doesn’t fully exceed everything that has ever been done in that field. If these two creative conditions are true, then that explains why it is hard to produce groundbreaking knowledge in all its forms, shapes, and manifestations.”
“There are two goddesses in your heard. The Goddess of Wisdom and the Goddess of Wealth. Everyone thinks they need to get wealth first, and wisdom will come. So they concern themselves with chasing money. But they have it backwards. You have to give your heart to the Goddess of Wisdom, giver her all your love and attention, and the Goddess of Wealth will become jealous, and follow you.”
“There are two kinds of fools. One says, "This is old, and therefore good." And one says, " This is new, and therefore better.”
“There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life; one we are born with, and the one we consciously blaze. One is naturally true, while the other is a perceptive illusion. Choose wisely at each fork in the road.”
“There are two sides of wisdom, one side of which God teaches you lessons and advice, and the other side brings failure if you don't like by the politics of that time.”
“There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; and, after that, to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.”
“There are two words that you should use frequently in your youth: ´sorry´ and ´thank-you´. Use the first one as often as possible, so that on your death bed all that you have to say to your friends is ´thank-you!´.”
“There are women who make things better  simply by showing up. There are women who make things happen. There are women who make their way. There are women who make a difference. And women who make us smile. There are women of wit and wisdom who- through strength and courage- make it through. There are women who change the world everyday  Women like you.”
“There can be as many wrong reasons to do the right thing as there are stars in the sky. There might even be more than one legitimate right reason. But there is never a right reason to do the wrong thing. Not ever.”
“There can be no knowledge without emotion. We may be aware of a truth, yet until we have felt its force, it is not ours. To the cognition of the brain must be added the experience of the soul.”
“There comes a moment in history when ignorance is no longer a forgivable offense  a moment when only wisdom has the power to absolve. - Bertrand Zobrist”
“There comes a point when you either embrace who and what you are, or condemn yourself to be miserable all your days. Other people will try to make you miserable; don't help them by doing the job yourself.”
“There exists in some individuals more than enough talents, expertises, or greatness for more than three people.”
“There has been a revolution in our understanding over the last forty years, and the gains in knowledge are permanent. But we will never know everything, and that is as it should be. From the obscuring mist of the past, science has ensured that some of the mountains have emerged into clear view, but as soon as that happens the misty shadows of further peaks are glimpsed in the distance, rank upon rank: so many other heights to climb, so many mysteries to investigate.”
“There is a big difference between knowledge and know-how. One, gives insight on how to do something, the other is actually being able to do it”
“There is a definite time, a definite term, for everything. Possibilities for everything exist only for a definite time. Gurdjieff”
“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
“There is a difference between knowledge and wisdom. Knowledge comes from books and wisdom from thinking. No doubt, knowledge might give you the power to speak, but wisdom helps you to know when one should not speak. They are two parallel things with different destinations.”
“There is a general belief among readers and the elites, that people only loot shopping malls, warehouses, and not bookshops during crises because, looters don't read, and readers don't loot.”
“There is a knowledge that is beyond the mind and the intellect, it is the wisdom of consciousness.”
“There is a magic mafia of tricks that somehow intervenes in the world and possesses people from afar to make this person experience situations that will lead this person to an impasse and will question his own sanity while everything being forced real illusions through manipulating everything and everyone by alien technology that has been discovered by humans but not revealed.”
“There is a power in nature that man has ignored. And the result has been heartache and pain.”
“There is a powerful independent intelligence system inside you which is coordinating your whole existence. How different internal organs are functioning and how they are interrelated, to how you think and feel about you, what kind of reaction / reaction you experience in your life, how life happens to you, how you perceive life, this whole science It happens in a very systematic way in you.”
“There is a reality mafia that makes a person live for real constantly contradicting realities in physical form so as to render this person sleepless, tired and abused and project a false reality behavior that has occurred from manipulation of everyone and everything, possibly by secret agents or secret undiscovered alien technology.”
“There is a value in not knowing some things if it will change a person too soon.”
“There is a wisdom in children, a kind of knowing, a kind of believing, that we, as adults, do not have. There is a time when a kingdom needs its children.”
“There is a wisdom of the head, and  there is a wisdom of the heart.”
“There is always an opportunity to start again and again, if the old ways are not working last year, look for better ways of doing it in the new year and start again afresh.”
“There is always profound wisdom to be found in madness.”
“There is an abecedarian ignorance that precedes knowledge, and a doctoral ignorance that comes after it”
“There is an ancient tribal proverb I once heard in India. It says that before we can see properly we must first shed our tears to clear the way.”
“There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in the rubbish.”
“There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.”
“There is but one coward on earth, and that is the coward that dare not know.”
“There is difference between knowing something and knowing "about" something. To know tea, you have to drink it. To know "about" it, you can google information and write essays or books on it. Tragedy is that most people just want to know "about" God. Those who dare to jump from the boat of knowledge and dive into nothingness are very very few.”
“There is knowledge and goodness in everything if you just give it a chance. Once in awhile you just have to pull that curtain back and look at the man behind it. You have to if you want to know how to get out of Oz.”
“There is knowledge in books that you will not find on the internet.”
“There is literally no point of learning new things if you can not disseminate the earned knowledge to the wider audience.”
“There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
“There is much that I do not know and I'd like to know even less.”
“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. " Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”
“There is no Jesus without Judas, no Martin Luther King, Jr., without the Klan; no Ali without Joe Frazier; no freedom without tyranny. No wisdom exists that does not include perspective. Relativity is the greatest gift.”
“There is no adversity that cannot bear a gift and no gift that cannot bring adversity.”
“There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride. They have yielded to the perennial temptation.”
“There is no better heaven than earth.”
“There is no competition of sounds between a nightingale and a violin.”
“There is no dishonor in wisdom.”
“There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.”
“There is no good life without good knowledge.”
“There is no greater honour on Earth than to share one's wisdom with those who seek it.”
“There is no greater inspiration to a life than finding and following its valuable path.”
“There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.”
“There is no happiness without knowledge, but the knowledge of happiness brings unhappiness, because to know one is happy is to know that one is passing through happiness and, therefore, will soon be obliged to leave it behind. In happiness as in everything, knowledge kills. Not to know, however, is not to exist.”
“There is no knowing that does not begin with knowing God.”
“There is no knowing without knowledge.”
“There is no knowledge kinder than kindness.”
“There is no knowledge that can replace kindness.”
“There is no knowledge, only lesser ignorance. There is no absolute truth, only lesser falseness.”
“There is no life without struggle, so it seems that fighting is the only solution. Practically speaking, peace never lasts longer.”
“There is no light in knowledge unless it illuminates the life of mankind.”
“There is no limit to how good you can get in pursuit of perfection.”
“There is no magic. There is only knowledge, more or less hidden.”
“There is no manifestation without manipulation of things, from one realm to another.”
“There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."  A person should study as they see fit.”
“There is no one who would not rather appear to know than to be taught.”
“There is no place for God in the world of knowledge. Because the essence of knowledge is doubt.”
“There is no point in reading anything until your mind is fully clean and receptive. Mind’s tendency is to interpret things the way it suits you, the way it strengthens your existing beliefs.”
“There is no point in saying this is it, this is the end. You have achieved what you set out to do. The world will not remain still around you. You move with it or you are swept away. - Jaghatai Khan”
“There is no quarrel between science and spirituality. I often hear people of science trying to use it to prove the nonexistence of the spiritual, but I simply can't see a chasm in between the two. What is spiritual produces what is scientific and when science is used to disprove the spiritual, it's always done with the intent to do so; a personal contempt. As a result, scientists today only prove their inferiority to the great founding fathers of the sciences who were practitioners of alchemy. Today's science is washed-out and scrubbed-down and robbed of everything mystical and spiritual, a knowledge born of contempt and discontent. Or perhaps, there are a few who wish to keep those secrets to themselves and serve everyone else up with a tasteless version of science and the idiots of today blindly follow their equally blind leaders.”
“There is no shame in not knowing something. The shame is not being willing to learn.”
“There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.”
“There is no true religion wihout the knowledge of a righteous God.”
“There is nothing so minute or inconsiderable that I would not rather know it than not know it.”
“There is one thing worse than being a slave and it's called being a slave that love his chains.”
“There is only a perspective seeing, only a perspective "knowing"; and the more affects we allow to speak about one thing, the more eyes, different eyes, we can use to observe one thing, the more complete will our "concept" of this thing, our "objectivity," be.”
“There is only one all pervading God. It has only one message - Love all, encompass all and transcend the limits of the selfish gene.”
“There is only one thing more dangerous than ignorance and that is false knowledge”
“There is only one thing which is generally safe from plagiarism -- self-denial.”
“There is only one thing you can take with you after your death, which is knowledge”
“There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.”
“There is only oneself which perceives itself as differentiated so not to be by itself; the purpose of self is love. Love is the eigenstate.”
“There is pain that cannot go away until you pray. Pray for the courage and knowledge to deal with that kind of pain.”
“There is so much noise on the Internet, with would-be prophets daily haranguing their audience and megalomaniacs trying to push bizarre ideas, that eventually people will cherish a new commodity: wisdom.”
“There is some advantage in having imagination, since that visionary faculty opens the mental eyes to facts that more practical and duller intellects could never see.”
“There is that path that leads to Heaven, and there is also that path that leads to Hell. God of the heavens made them all.”
“There is three-state process of growth a wise King gives to a Prince, first is silence which is a fools remedy, to cure the prince of all madness, ailment, and folly. second is solitude, his dietary which after the prince has been cured of all ailment, madness, and folly, helps to process him in growth towards the full embodiment of Prince ship. Third is Understanding which when deepens turns the Prince away after full treatment to the Kings lordship where the Prince would rule beside his kingship”
“There is too much negativity in the world. Do your best to make sure you aren't contributing to it.”
“There is wisdom in knowing what you can and can’t handle.”
“There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge-that is everywhere, that is Atman, that is in me and you and in every creature, and I am beginning to believe that this knowledge has no worse enemy than the man of knowledge, than learning.”
“There is, then, intellectual knowledge--the stuff of research studies and think pieces--and there is experiential knowing. Both are important, and women from all backgrounds might possess both. But we rarely exalt the knowing, which is the only kind of feminism many working women have.”
“There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.”
“There was an abyss. And books contained magical incantations to raise what was hidden there, all the great mysteries.”
“There was no reason for war. Better communication would have avoided all of this.”
“There was power in knowledge. Like the gears of a steam engine, the more active knowledge was, the more force it produced.”
“There was, I found, always more to learn.”
“There were long stretches of DNA in between genes that didn't seem to be doing very much; some even referred to these as "junk DNA," though a certain amount of hubris was required for anyone to call any part of the genome "junk," given our level of ignorance.”
“There were many terrible things in my life and most of them never happened.”
“There were realities the human mind was never meant to withstand, pressures it was never meant to survive. Knowledge is like the sea. Go too deep, and the crushing weight of it could kill you.”
“There will come a time in your life when you lose something that matters to you. You'll fight for it and you won't win. But what really matters isn't the war you're waging, it's that you don't lose the person you are in the midst of the battle.”
“There's a big difference on being wise and being crafty. The former is the attribute of God, and the latter is that of Satan.”
“There's a difference between intellect and intelligence. Noise propagates the former, silence the later. Intellect is inherited, intelligence is inherent.”
“There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we will.”
“There's a thin line between genius and bottom-barrel stupidness. I hover delicately on a tightrope between the two, wondering where I'll land if I'll ever fall.”
“There's always something when you're at fault, too, and that fault you must discover and learn to recognize and take the consequences of it.”
“There's kind of wisdom that must be firstly rejected before accepted.”
“There's more power in keeping a secret than in betraying it.”
“There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature”
“There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion, but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower.”
“There's no short-cut in life but with right knowledge, you can fast-track things to come to pass.”
“There's no solution to life, there's going to be problems no matter what.”
“There's no use in updating your phone's OS every day, If inside you are still run by an OS from the stone-age.”
“There's only one state of mind that guarantees one capability to learn, and that is - I DON'T THINK I KNOW”
“Therefore, in the mature account of love, we should never fall at first glance. We should reserve our leap until we have completed a clear-eyed investigation of the depths and nature of the waters. Only after we have undertaken a thorough exchange of opinions on parenting, politics, art, science, and appropriate snacks for the kitchen should two people ever decide they are ready to love each other. In the mature account of love, it is only when we truly know our partners that love deserves the chance to grow. And yet in the perverse reality of love (love that is born precisely before we know) increased knowledge may be as much a hurdle as an inducement – for it may bring Utopia into dangerous conflict with reality”
“Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.”
“Therese frowned, floundering in a sea without direction or gravity, in which she knew only that she could mistrust her own impulses.”
“There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you & embracing those that strengthen you” Your mind is like a Ferrari (Or your favorite car) it is Awesome! but if you put sand on the gas tank it won’t run. Don’t put sand (negativity) on your mind. Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, & the negative will soon evaporate.”
“There’s no single way to impart knowledge. Teaching isn’t only successful when “experts” stand before a group of kids and lecture them.”
“There’s no such thing as being completely ready. You’re never going to feel like you’ve got it all figured out. When you get to that place where you feel a little more excited than afraid, that’s when you go for it. That’s when you begin. To hell with playing it safe.”
“There’s no “one size fits all” in life. It’s best to figure out what works best for you and your journey.”
“These are all things that I know, but none of this is really important. I used to think it was vital to know things, to feel safe in the learning and recounting of facts. I used to think it was possible to know enough to escape from the panic of not knowing, but I realise now that you can never learn enough to protect yourself, not really.”
“These are the three stages of enlightenment, the three glimpses of satori. 1. The first stage enlightenment: A Glimpse of the Whole The first stage of enlightenment is short glimpse from faraway of the whole. It is a short glimpse of being. The first stage of enlightenment is when, for the first time, for a single moment the mind is not functioning. The ordinary ego is still present at the first stage of enlightenment, but you experience for a short while that there is something beyond the ego. There is a gap, a silence and emptiness, where there is not thought between you and existence. You and existence meet and merge for a moment. And for the first time the seed, the thirst and longing, for enlightenment, the meeting between you and existence, will grow in your heart. 2. The second stage of enlightenment: Silence, Relaxation, Togetherness, Inner Being The second stage of enlightenment is a new order, a harmony, from within, which comes from the inner being. It is the quality of freedom. The inner chaos has disappeared and a new silence, relaxation and togetherness has arisen. Your own wisdom from within has arisen. A subtle ego is still present in the second stage of enlightenment. The Hindus has three names for the ego: 1. Ahamkar, which is the ordinary ego. 2. Asmita, which is the quality of Am-ness, of no ego. It is a very silent ego, not aggreessive, but it is still a subtle ego. 3. Atma, the third word is Atma, when the Am-ness is also lost. This is what Buddha callas no-self, pure being. In the second stage of enlightenment you become capable of being in the inner being, in the gap, in the meditative quality within, in the silence and emptiness. For hours, for days, you can remain in the gap, in utter aloneness, in God. Still you need effort to remain in the gap, and if you drop the effort, the gap will disappear. Love, meditation and prayer becomes the way to increase the effort in the search for God. Then the second stage becomes a more conscious effort. Now you know the way, you now the direction. 3. The third stage of enlightenment: Ocean, Wholeness, No-self, Pure being At the third stage of enlightenment, at the third step of Satori, our individual river flowing silently, suddenly reaches to the Ocean and becomes one with the Ocean. At the third Satori, the ego is lost, and there is Atma, pure being. You are, but without any boundaries. The river has become the Ocean, the Whole. It has become a vast emptiness, just like the pure sky. The third stage of enlightenment happens when you have become capable of finding the inner being, the meditative quality within, the gap, the inner silence and emptiness, so that it becomes a natural quality. You can find the gap whenever you want. This is what tantra callas Mahamudra, the great orgasm, what Buddha calls Nirvana, what Lao Tzu calls Tao and what Jesus calls the kingdom of God. You have found the door to God. You have come home.”
“These beings of light can interact directly with humans. It works via the magnetite tympanæ, which forms a single unique neural lattice inside you.”
“These people have learned not from books, but in the fields, in the wood, on the river bank. Their teachers have been the birds themselves, when they sang to them, the sun when it left a glow of crimson behind it at setting, the very trees, and wild herbs.”
“These wisest men of all ages should be scrutinized closely. Were they all perhaps shaky on their legs? Tottery? Decadent? Late? Could it be that wisdom appears on earth as a Raven, attracted by a little whiff of carrion?”
“They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options.”
“They acknowledge that the realities closest to us - the rhythms of our lives, the people we love most - are shaped by forces beyond the edges of our sight.”
“They are called, "SELF-worth" and "SELF-esteem" for a reason  we can't let others decide what we are worth, that is so dangerous! Empower yourself!”
“They are not brave, the days when we are twenty-one. They are full of little cowardices, little fears without foundation, and one is so easily bruised, so swiftly wounded, one falls to the first barbed word. Today, wrapped in the complacent armor of approaching middle age, the infinitesimal pricks of day by day brush one lightly and are soon forgotten, but then - how a careless word would linger, becoming a fiery stigma, and how a look, a glance over a shoulder, branded themselves as things eternal.”
“They ask you questions about false rumors inside your brain in which they have access to and they answer themselves lies. Your eyes are certified wrongly. Unfortunately the way the world functions is illegal. They direct everything as it favors them otherwise they would lose power. Nothing is reliable.”
“They blossomed, they did not talk about blossoming.”
“They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.”
“They do not care about the truth. They care to fulfill their idea… They cover themselves and those they want to cover and enguilt their opponents. This is not fair. The system should change towards fairness not interests… No one can protect us from the lies.”
“They don't understand it. They're not old enough to know the first instinct of irritation should be avoided in order to keep an open mind.”
“They enter the mind and they tell (to the mind) certain information that consists part of the fake evidence. Then the detection systems of justice see that in the mind and confirm it. If you know, it has happened.”
“They got lost in translation. In the misinformation of their generation.”
“They grew; they did not talk about growing.”
“They had applied their doubts to the very head that had introduced doubt as a tool for advancing knowledge. And in the end they gave the head a nod.”
“They knew many things but had no idea why. And strangely this made them more, rather than less, certain that they were right.”
“They know that we know they are lying. We know that they know that we know they are lying. And still they continue to lie.”
“They know what is going to happen. Who will accuse them. Before it happens. But they have your brain for other reasons too. To know what you'll do. If it affects them, they intervene. For example, you go to the police to accuse them. They'll stop you in some way.”
“They look like humans, they move like humans, they hold things in their fingers like humans, the expressions which play across their faces and in their intensely human-looking eyes are expressions that we instinctively feel we recognise as human expressions. We look them in the face and we think, “We know what they’re like,” but we don’t. Or rather, we actually block off any possible glimmering of understanding of what they may be like by making easy and tempting assumptions.”
“They manipulate weather and send a lightning to a specific area or they shock electrically the target person. They enter the human body through electricity and they either cause illness or death or read the thoughts of the mind or alter the behavior.”
“They say that patriotism is the last refuge to which a scoundrel clings steal a little and they throw you in jail. Steal a lot and then they make you king.”
“They say the truth always hurts, but I believe that lies hurt more.”
“They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?”
“They store your memories as proof of life lived, truth. But they erase true memories that render them guilty and plant false memories that render you guilty. An impossible proof that seems valid can never be valid this way.”
“They think that intelligence is about noticing things are relevant (detecting patterns); in a complex world, intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant (avoiding false patterns)”
“They trespassed upon my thoughts. They were intruders whose knowledge of life was to me an irritating pretense, because I felt so sure they could not possibly know the things I knew. Their bearing, which was simply the bearing of commonplace individuals going about their business in the assurance of perfect safety, was offensive to me like the outrageous flauntings of folly in the face of a danger it is unable to comprehend. I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces, so full of stupid importance.”
“They use metaverse, virtual reality, video game technology to connect remotely to one's brain and body. To create a fake possibility of imitated life for a biased interpretation in favor of it by the inadequate ai detection system of "truth". For fake news and fake justice purposes.”
“They use virtual reality of every day devices and things through hacking them and invisibly connecting them to your body and brain to create fake interactions between you and unknown people for deceit purposes.”
“They were getting to know not only the details of each other's lives, but getting to know one another - a different thing. The process of getting to know anyone is not merely a matter of listening, watching, and understanding. M. Maurois has pointed out how, in any new relationship, we feel an unconscious need to create, as it were, a new picture, a new edition of ourselves to present to the fresh person who claims our interest; for them, we in a strange sense wish to, and do, start life anew.”
“They were quiet for a while, eating, then Oromis asked, "Can you tell me, What is the most important mental tool a person can possess?" It was a serious question, and Eragon considered it for a reasonable span before he ventured to say, "Determination." Oromis tore the loaf in half with his long white fingers. "I can understand why you arrived at that conclusion-determination has served you well in your adventures-but no. I meant the tool most necessary to choose the best course of action in any given situation. Determination is as common among men who are dull and foolish as it is among those who are brilliant intellects. So, no, determination cannot be what we're looking for.”
“They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your status - but rarely for your wisdom.”
“They'll say you are bad or perhaps you are mad or at least you should stay undercover. Your mind must be bare if you would dare to think you can love more than one lover.”
“Thieves and liars kill indirectly, unintentionally, and with no other weapon than their tongues and malice.”
“Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.”
“Things that happened hundreds of years ago are very much a part of your thinking right now The past lives in us.”
“Think again about your home address. It says, "| don't know where is my home but there are this many houses outside it. There is this street outside it. There is this locality, this state, this country, this planet outside it " You only know what is outside your home. You don't know where exactly it is.”
“Think before you speak. Read before you think.”
“Think of fools as cow pies, if you will. While they’re soft, you can reshape them, but once they harden, you can either break them or wait for the rain.”
“Think of the universe as an eternal creative unfolding. Trees blossom. Cells replicate. Rivers forge new tributaries. The world pulses with productive energy, and everything that exists on this planet is driven by that energy. Every manifestation of this unfolding is doing its own work on behalf of the universe, each in its own way, true to its own creative impulse.”
“Think of truth as an onion with infinite layers - each layer is a little less true than the next, yet each layer is equally important to the never-ending and ever-evolving realization of truth.”
“Thinkers aren't limited by what they know, because they can always increase what they know. Rather they're limited by what puzzles them, because there's no way to become curious about something that doesn't puzzle you. If a thing falls outside the range of people's curiosity, then they simply cannot make inquiries about it. It constitutes a blind spot - a spot of blindness that you can't even know is there unit someone draws your attention to it.”
“Thinking incomplete knowledge of the industry presents a fuller picture.”
“Thinking is man’s only basic virtue, from which all the others proceed. And his basic vice, the source of all his evils, is that nameless act which all of you practice, but struggle never to admit: the act of blanking out, the willful suspension of one’s consciousness, the refusal to think - not blindness, but the refusal to see; not ignorance, but the refusal to know. It is the act of unfocusing your mind and inducing an inner fog to escape the responsibility of judgment - on the unstated premise that a thing will not exist if only you refuse to identify it, that A will not be A so long as you do not pronounce the verdict ‘It is.”
“Thirty-nine years of my life had passed before I understood that clouds were not my enemy; that they were beautiful, and that I needed them. I suppose this, for me, marked the beginning of wisdom. Life is short.”
“This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.”
“This concept of “Life is not supporting me”, is like “My breathing is not letting me breathe”! It is like, “My eyes show some parts as dark”. Arrey, even you recognizing some parts are dark is because your eyes are functioning! That is enough proof that your eyes are functioning! So, if you feel you want to be a billionaire, and you are denied entry into the Billionaires’ Club, and it is not happening, be informed, the very concept revealed to you that you can become billionaire is enough proof life is supporting you! Only when you understand the tons and tons of ways life is supporting you, you will also decide to say “YES” to life. As long as you think life is denying you what you want, life is keeping you away from what you want, you will also start saying “NO” to life.”
“This gentle man had recently changed his job but he was still holding a grudge against his old company. This grudge was coming out in the form of skin infection. Diseases always start at a mental level first wheter it is thyroid, cancer or diabetes. We only get to know when it starts harming the physical body. When you deprive your emotional body of soul food these problems will appear in your body. The next time you have any of the negative feelings, ask yourself the question as to how you can correct it. Your brain can bring heaven to earth if you ask yourself questions such as: 1. Why do I have anger towards anyone? 2. Why am I not happy? 3. What is bothering me? 4. How can I live a happier life? 5. Can I solve the core issue of my heart? You will get answers when you seek them.”
“This is beyond understanding." said the king. "You are the wisest man alive. You know what is preparing. Why do you not make a plan to save yourself?" And Merlin said quietly, "Because I am wise. In the combat between wisdom and feeling, wisdom never wins.”
“This is exactly what it means to be caught in the colonial matrix of power. It is to be constantly suffering from lack of options, and constantly finding oneself in such a position that all the choices available have already been chosen for you. As a result, you are constantly trapped and unable to think or do otherwise. You are consistently deprived of the possibility of working with other possibilities.”
“This is one of the wonders of books: the delight of being a species that can chronicle and preserve. I pick up a book from a shelf, and someone who is no more than ash or bone can still change me.”
“This is the best possible way to retain important details that you wish to remember in any unified field of knowledge, whether it be the field of economics, science, history, or any other--link them up with related items which you already know or wouldn't mind knowing.”
“This is what I mean when I say: without dumping the food, making your internal organs very active, alive! Yoga will make your physical body active. Reduce the quantity of the food; increase the quality  Means, instead of solid food, move to more liquid and move from liquid to air, prana-based food.”
“This is what we are like. Collectively as a species, this is our emotional landscape. I met an old lady once, almost 100 years old, and she told me, "There are only two questions that human beings have ever fought over, all through history. How much do you love me? And Who's in charge? Everything else is somehow manageable. But these two questions of love and control undo us all, trip us up and cause war, grief, and suffering.”
“This is why Jesus would urge Mari (Mary Magdalene) to look after the women noting, ''Cultivate their regard for you because those women who are naturally drawn to you are exceptional people, sensitive women who are very close to spiritual freedom. However, before they can achieve this ultimate goal, you must first tend to their psychological wounds, the visible and the invisible lesions they have experienced at the hands of men, just as we once did in your homeland. It is only if these existential traumas are healed properly that these women can finally reach equanimity of spirit and heart.”
“This kind of search in the dark, with its tense desire, lasting for years, full of foreboding, with it's exhausting change form aspiration to frustration and it's final breakthrough to lucidity, all of this you only know properly if you experienced it.”
“This love is the love which comes from your being when you see the reality as it is (neither life positive nor life negative, just reality as it is) That love empowers you! My love not only empowers me, it empowers everyone of you who receives it.”
“This magical, marvelous food on our plate, this sustenance we absorb, has a story to tell. It has a journey. It leaves a footprint. It leaves a legacy. To eat with reckless abandon, without conscience, without knowledge; folks, this ain't normal.”
“This medicinal potion was additionally consumed as part of a sacred ritual known as Sōmayajña where the Yogis that Jesus himself had taught were helped to reach an enlightened trance. In effect, Jesus had developed the Nirvanalaksanayoga Tantra specifically for women, to heal them from the psychological damage and abuse they had to endure at the hands of men. He wanted to enable them to rise above patriarchal dominance, realise their highest potential, and then he would guide them towards an enlightened state. The first person to benefit from this privilege was Mari (Mary Magdalene) herself. Jesus began teaching this discipline in every place that he visited: from Kashmir in the northernmost region of the Indian subcontinent, to Uttar Pradesh, and Mari would accompany him on every journey he embarked on, from east of the Indus to Nepal.”
“This pandemic which happened almost last 1 year, is actually cosmos just cleaning itself. So understand: if you understand whatever is happening in you, you will understand what is happening in the cosmos. And if you understand whatever is happening in the cosmos, you will understand what is happening in you. Atma jnana is paramatma jnana.”
“This science of healthy long living and the science of immortality, not only it is reality, it is easy; just simple dietary change. The things you eat, the way you eat, you need to change.”
“This slow debate about the rain: it's not about rain at all, but the fragility of what we know. We're all just guessing.”
“This was the cruelest of ironies; you only loved the parts of me that needed finding, and I had to choose between losing everything and staying lost.”
“This world is not created by humans, humans are a small part of this planet and humans must understand that before trying to dominate this world”
“This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!”
“This world needs more monks than millionaires”
“This, then, is held to be the duty of the man of wealth: To set an example of modest, unostentatious living, shunning display or extravagance; to provide moderately for the legitimate wants of those dependent on him; and, after doing so, to consider all surplus revenues which come to him simply as trust funds, which he is called upon to administer, and strictly bound as a matter of duty to administer in the manner which, in his judgement, is best calculated to produce the most beneficial results for the community--the man of wealth thus becoming the mere trustee and agent for his poorer brethren, bringing to their service his superior wisdom, experience, and ability to administer, doing for them better than they would or could do for themselves.”
“Those at too great a distance may, I am well are, mistake ignorance for perspective.”
“Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.”
“Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long. Good things come to those who wait.”
“Those swift to think are not always secure.”
“Those who accept a situation find a way to get out of it. Those who try to run away from it suffer like a fly trapped inside a net.”
“Those who are enslaved to their sects are not merely devoid of all sound knowledge, but they will not even stop to learn!”
“Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.”
“Those who can't build, destroy.”
“Those who disrespect you with their mouth don't deserve your ear.”
“Those who do not know the conditions of mountains and forests, hazardous defiles, marshes and swamps, cannot conduct the march of an army. Those who do not use local guides are unable to obtain the advantages of the ground.”
“Those who do not seek Wisdom do not see Wisdom, even when she passes them by; they see only that which appeals to their lusts: and this substitute becomes their variation of Wisdom.”
“Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.”
“Those who don't know must learn from those who do.”
“Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil.”
“Those who fail to become a solution usually become a problem. Watch closely for those who are not suggesting solutions or trying to come up with Ideas to solve things. Likely they are problematic or there are the ones that will cause problems.”
“Those who have the light of knowledge see better in a dark world”
“Those who have wisdom have all: Fools with all have nothing.”
“Those who know nothing of foreign languages know nothing of their own.”
“Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.”
“Those who possess wisdom cannot just ladle it out to every wantwit and jackanapes who comes along and asks for it. A person must be prepared to receive wisdom, or else it will do him more harm than good. Moreover, a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else.”
“Those who try to juggle wisdom, power and greed, drop one of the balls, every time.” —Zarost”
“Those who want to buy wisdom remain with out wisdom, because money buys nothing except commodities.”
“Those who wish to seek out the cause of miracles and to understand the things of nature as philosophers, and not to stare at them in astonishment like fools, are soon considered heretical and impious, and proclaimed as such by those whom the mob adores as the interpreters of nature and the gods. For these men know that, once ignorance is put aside, that wonderment would be taken away, which is the only means by which their authority is preserved.”
“Though it is essential to deliver a product one should never undermine the value of free will, of transforming knowledge into wisdom & exploring newer Artistic Paradigms!”
“Though thankless you are and surely undeserving, I leave you with this truth all the same. For it is not what you know, but knowing what's true that matters. Clever men teach many false things.”
“Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself.”
“Thoughts and ideas can't die, but they can build, one upon the other until all the knowledge of the universe creates a life of its own.”
“Through art, we learn to understand ourselves and light up the veiled angles in our minds. It teaches us how to get hold of life and get a sense of the shades in the wild richness of the abundant diversity that stretches through our daily experience. It gives us a foothold in the estranging landscapes we cross during our life journey and helps us figure out the wisdom behind the countless signs and tokens. (Stilling our mind)”
“Through grounding, we find growth.”
“Through learning we re-create ourselves. Through learning we become able to do something we never were able to do. Through learning we reperceive the world and our relationship to it. Through learning we extend our capacity to create, to be part of the generative process of life”
“Through the use of constitutional contortion, the United States has created a national demand for fiat currency. Maintaining the illusion of the dollar's value requires that the monetary authorities avoid reckless increase of the U.S. money supply. Historically speaking, such increases have had disastrous effects upon the purchasing power of the underlying currency. Avoiding a dollar collapse requires a personal faith among the American public in the Fed's willingness and ability to keep the currency in a limited supply.”
“Throughout our emotional odyssey in the unembellished narrative of our life, we may sense many alluring voices that are enticing us into a beguiling, seamless story. Our inner monologue, however, might start raising consequential questions about the scintillation of that story, about our vulnerability during the tempting process and the danger of losing our real self. The question may be asked, whether the lure might enlighten, weaken or destroy our living. While our interior monologue mostly listens to the wisdom of our experience and the guidance of our memory, it may happen that it prefers not to listen. In that event, however, unreason and passion will be calling all the shots. ( “Woman in progress” )”
“Throw away such education that teaches a child to be selfish - throw away such education that teaches a child to forget their passion - throw away such education that teaches a child to be like everybody else - throw away such education that produces second hand humans instead of raising original, conscientious beings of character.”
“Thus we have on stage two men, each of whom knows nothing of what he believes the other knows, and to deceive each other reciprocally both speak in allusions, each of the two hoping (in vain) that the other holds the key to his puzzle.”
“Thus, by science I mean, first of all, a worldview giving primacy to reason and observation and a methodology aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of the natural and social world. This methodology is characterized, above all else, by the critical spirit: namely, the commitment to the incessant testing of assertions through observations and/or experiments — the more stringent the tests, the better — and to revising or discarding those theories that fail the test. One corollary of the critical spirit is fallibilism: namely, the understanding that all our empirical knowledge is tentative, incomplete and open to revision in the light of new evidence or cogent new arguments (though, of course, the most well-established aspects of scientific knowledge are unlikely to be discarded entirely). . . . I stress that my use of the term 'science' is not limited to the natural sciences, but includes investigations aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of factual matters relating to any aspect of the world by using rational empirical methods analogous to those employed in the natural sciences. (Please note the limitation to questions of fact. I intentionally exclude from my purview questions of ethics, aesthetics, ultimate purpose, and so forth.) Thus, 'science' (as I use the term) is routinely practiced not only by physicists, chemists and biologists, but also by historians, detectives, plumbers and indeed all human beings in (some aspects of) our daily lives. (Of course, the fact that we all practice science from time to time does not mean that we all practice it equally well, or that we practice it equally well in all areas of our lives.)”
“Time after time have nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in the arts, been, and passed away to be forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of several; for Time eats up the works of man.”
“Time cannot put anything in your hands until you let go off the time.”
“Time flows away like the water in the river. ”
“Time gives me the clarity that only comes when the days and the months and the years pile up on each other so you can stand on top of it all and have an unobstructed view.”
“Time is a game played beautifully by children.”
“Time is limited and everything else is unlimited, achieving the unlimited in the limited is the real success”
“Time is limited, but energy isn't.”
“Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge, let's go!”
“Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.”
“Time is the wisest of all things that are; for it brings everything to light.”
“Time ripens all things; no man is born wise.”
“Time throws you out of its dimensionless planar like a boomerang. It unites with you again in death.”
“Timendi causa est nescire - Ignorance is the cause of fear.”
“Tis easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it.”
“To 'know Thyself' is considered quite an accomplishment.”
“To Thales the primary question was not what do we know, but how do we know it.”
“To achieve real innovation, one needs to imagine novel ideas, question assumptions, and offer diverse perspectives. Aligning values while challenging conventional wisdom creates new solutions.”
“To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.”
“To admit your ignorance is freeing. To say, "I don't know" is to free yourself from having to come up with a bullshit answer.”
“To advance spiritually requires a method of practice & determination to carry it out.”
“To aim for the enemy's unguarded moment is completely defensive, and undesirable at close quarters with the enemy”
“To arrogantly presume that we know something without having gone through the grueling trials within which we learn whatever it is that we declare to know is a sure sign that we don’t, and it is the greatest indicator that we won’t.”
“To ask the 'right' question is far more important than to receive the answer. The solution of a problem lies in the understanding of the problem; the answer is not outside the problem, it is in the problem.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“To be a poet in a destitute time means: to attend, singing, to the trace of the fugitive god. This is why the poet in the time of the world's night utters the holy.”
“To be agreeable in society, you must consent to be taught many things which you already know.”
“To be alive these days is not just a blessing, but a luxury. There is soo much killings and hits. Death is everywhere. Death is business . People are profiting when you are dying.”
“To be beyond yourself is the gate to wisdom. ”
“To be careless in making decisions is to naively believe that a single decision impacts nothing more than that single decision, for a single decision can spawn a thousand others that were entirely unnecessary or it can bring peace to a thousand places we never knew existed.”
“To be evenminded is the greatest virtue. Wisdom is to speak the truth and act in keeping with its nature.”
“To be firm in faith, is to have knowledge of the word of God, which comes from the teachings of Christ.”
“To be incapable of taking one’s enemies, one’s accidents, even one’s misdeeds seriously for very long - that is the sign of strong full natures in whom there is an excess of power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget. Mirabeau had no memory for insults and vile actions done to him and was unable to forgive simply because he - forgot. Such a man shakes off with a single shrug the many vermin that eat deep into others.”
“To be is the greatest paradox of life facing death. ”
“To be macho, you must already know everything, know it so well that you're already bored by the knowledge.”
“To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time”
“To be scientifically literate is to empower yourself to know when someone else is full of shit.”
“To be taught to read—what is the use of that, if you know not whether what you read is false or true? To be taught to write or to speak—but what is the use of speaking, if you have nothing to say? To be taught to think—nay, what is the use of being able to think, if you have nothing to think of? But to be taught to see is to gain word and thought at once, and both true.”
“To be too knowing is a downfall.”
“To be wicked is never excusable, but there is some merit in knowing that you are; the most irreparable of vices is to do evil from stupidity.”
“To become an advanced consultant, you can’t simply do more of the same; you need to deepen your knowledge while seeking feedback that allows you to grow as an individual.”
“To believe yourself brave is to be brave; it is the one only essential thing.”
“To better understand God we must first shatter our own idea of God - maybe even day after day. Maybe he's too great to stay compressed in the human mind. Maybe he splits it wide open; this is why pretentious intellectualism so often fails to comprehend the concept of God: it is only accepting of what it can explain while in the process finding higher sources offensive. What we may confidently assert is that faith is the opening that allows God, this unpredictable, unseen power, to travel in and out of the mind without all the pains of confusion.”
“To breath through the truth is not the same with knowing it. ”
“To come right down to it, if I take the kind of things in which I believe, then add to that the kind of temperament that I have, plus the one hundred percent dedication I have to whatever I believe in--these are ingredients which make it just about impossible for me to die of old age. -- The autobiography of Malcom X”
“To come to nothing through something is the way to outside from both sides.”
“To create something new, knowledge is essentially required, but not academic degree.”
“To define your success, it truly is define by what you believe is your failures. This is what can make you weaker or stronger. The choice is yours and yours alone. We must sometimes fail more than once to succeed, so that we may grow and learn to change everything. As Thomas Edison once said; “I have not failed 10,000 ways, I just found 10,000 ways that does not work.”
“To deny the reality of things is to miss their reality; to assert the emptiness of things is to miss their reality. The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth. Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know.”
“To detach from someone, just know them fully.”
“To finish the moment, to find the journey's end in every step of the road, to live the greatest number of good hours, is wisdom.”
“To force oneself to believe and to accept a thing without understanding is political, and not spiritual or intellectual.”
“To fully communicate with people, you need to find tactics that would interest them”
“To furnish the means of acquiring knowledge is   the greatest benefit that can be conferred upon mankind. It prolongs life itself and enlarges the sphere of existence.”
“To grant me a vision of Nature's forces that bind the world, all its seeds and sources and innermost life  all this I shall see  and stop peddling in words that mean nothing to me." (Daß ich erkenne was die Welt im Innersten zusammenhält  Schau alle Wirkenskraft und Samen  und tu nicht mehr in Worten kramen.)”
“To hate others is ugly. To hate yourself is uglier.”
“To have discipline is to have insight, that you require at any point of your life.”
“To have opinions is to sell out to yourself. To have no opinion is to exist. To have every opinion is to be a poet.”
“To hide feelings when you are near crying is the secret of dignity.”
“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”
“To judge a thing that has substance and solid worth is quite easy, to comprehend it is much harder, and to blend judgement and comprehension in a definitive description is the hardest thing of all.”
“To jump over centuries In one step is impossible. Jump too high or far, You’ll be way too late.”
“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“To know and love one other human being is the root of all wisdom”
“To know and to think we know not, is the crown. Not to know and to think we know, is the affliction.”
“To know how to put what knowledge in which place is wisdom (hikmah). Otherwise, knowledge without order and seeking it without discipline does lead to confusion and hence to injustice to one's self.”
“To know is to be sure and free of doubt. To be sure is to be clear about what you know and don't know. Knowledge, truly is power”
“To know much and taste nothing-of what use is that?”
“To know nothing is to know the peace of Buddha.”
“To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.”
“To know that you do not know is the best. To think you know when you do not is a disease. Recognizing this disease as a disease is to be free of it.”
“To know the depths of your own heart is the greatest love affair you will ever have.”
“To know when to be generous and when firm—that is wisdom.”
“To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.”
“To know, seek knowledge.”
“To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others.”
“To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them : this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness.”
“To light a candle is to cast a shadow ”
“To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not, rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common. this is my symphony.”
“To live in the Great Way is neither easy nor difficult, but those with limited views are fearful and irresolute: the faster they hurry, the slower they go, and clinging cannot be limited: even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray. Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going. Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.”
“To live without love is not to live at all.”
“To live, pray. To learn, read. To love, give. To listen, pay attention. But to be wise, apply all that you have acquired”
“To love God with all you heart, all your mind and all your soul, you must surrender all that you have, all that you know and all that you are.”
“To love, to live, to feel so much that your world keeps spinning, faster and faster, in that wonderful, chaotic mess of humanity that you’d so hastily give up. Immortality is overrated. It is nothing but the ability to live through it all and not experience a single thing, to eat everything without tasting it at all." Isak’s eyes shone with a desperate need. He wanted, more than anything it seemed, to be like me, when all I wanted was to be like him.”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.”
“To my mind there is nothing so beautiful or so provocative as a secondhand book store To me it is astonishing and miraculous to think that any one of us can poke among the stalls for something to read overnight--and that this something may be the sum of a lifetime of sweat, tears, and genius that some poor, struggling, blessed fellow expended trying to teach us the truth.”
“To read temple drawings, start with the Neter. Often the Neter is offering the Ankh to the King's nose (you), giving you the breath of life. Every breath inhaled is the most diving gift you could receive. Through our breath, we have contact with the divine energy of the creator, whether we are aware of it or not.”
“To recognize our bias toward error should teach us modesty and reflection, and to forgive it should help us avoid the inhumanity of thinking we ourselves are not as fallible as those who, in any instance, seem most at fault. Science can give us knowledge, but it cannot give us wisdom. Nor can religion, until it puts aside nonsense and distraction and becomes itself again.”
“To risk life to save a smile on a face of a woman or a child is the secret of chivalry.”
“To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death—however “humane”—is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.”
“To say that we don’t know is not necessarily a sign of stupidity. Rather, it is often an indication of wisdom.”
“To sense the peace of extinguished passion Happiness in not knowing the ultimate knowledge”
“To shut down a project, advancing scientific knowledge on the biological toxicity of that project to its workers is always a good starting point.”
“To stop learning is to stop growing, and to stop growing is to stagnate and wither away”
“To struggle against darkness is not to blunder ignorantly; intelligence is needed to generate right action.”
“To survive, Let the past Teach you-- Past customs, Struggles, Leaders and thinkers. Let These Help you. Let them inspire you, Warn you, Give you strength. But beware: God is Change. Past is past. What was Cannot Come again. To survive, know the past. Let it touch you. Then let The past Go.”
“To sustain the belief that there is no God, atheism has to demonstrate infinite knowledge, which is tantamount to saying, “I have infinite knowledge that there is no being in existence with infinite knowledge”
“To taste it once is to taste it forever --- life or death. Whichever way the coin flips is right, so long as you hold no stakes.”
“To teach is to remediate from the absence of knowledge or the lack of insight into a subject. To know is to learn and to learn is to know how to be, within the aspect of learning and holding the power to explore further into the unknown.”
“To tell others that It is a rumor Will not do. When your own heart asks How will you respond?”
“To the stimulus of responsibility, one's immediate response may, unexpectedly be, fear. Yet, fear imparts a strong reason for progress. Had it not been for mankind's fear of darkness and ignorance, our world shall never have been encased in light and knowledge, as it is today.”
“To the wise, peace of mind is the result of being fine with how things are; to the foolish, the result of things being fine.”
“To theology,   only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.”
“To think that a single step is random, and to take a thousand such steps each day is to insure that we will end up in the very places that we spent our lives avoiding.”
“To translate a poem from thinking into English takes all night.”
“To trust immediate intuitions rather than collective examination that is rational, careful and intelligent is not wisdom: it is the presumption of an old man who refuses to believe that the great world outside his village is any different from the one which he has always known.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“To understand correctly the meaning of the words Alchemy and Astrology, it is necessary to understand and to realize the intimate relationship and identity of the Microcosm and Macrocosm, and their mutual interaction.”
“To understand what you read you must at first understand the mind in which they grew.”
“To understand why my health was failing, I applied astronomical knowledge to my mind and body.”
“To wisely live your life, you don't need to know much Just remember two main rules for the beginning: You better starve, than eat whatever And better be alone, than with whoever.”
“To work for peace Means First of all Not to be Ignorant About who Has none.”
“Today I come in the name of peace and love, unless someone interferes with my peaceful mind.”
“Today probably first time on earth I would love to tell you the absolute path to light, faith, fulfilment and contentment. When the sun is over your head, there will be no shadow; similarly, when faith is steady in your head, it should not cast any shadow of doubt, when kindness is in your mind fulfilment happens, simultaneously when knowledge is over in your heart contentment (Aananda or inner joy) occurs in life.”
“Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears.”
“Today wouldn't have happened if histories weren't falsified.”
“Today's religions were once books for education, It's just that people eventually forgot to gain the knowledge from the books and started to pray it instead”
“Today, the change leaders are busy changing people without realizing that we are no longer chasing a deer, instead, we are being chased by a tiger. The game is no longer the same.”
“Today, the role of a change leader is restricted to the management of incremental changes. What should be the new role of change leaders in an environment which is constantly multiplying its pace of progress?”
“Tolerance will reach such a level that intelligent people will be banned from thinking so as not to offend the imbeciles”
“Tomorrow is the thing that’s smart enough to ignore most of the things that I had planned for it yesterday.”
“Tomorrow, a new prince shall rule. Men of understanding, men of science shall stand behind his throne, and the universe will come to know his might. His name is Truth. His empire shall encompass the Earth. And the mastery of Man over the Earth shall be renewed.”
“Too much stress cannot be laid upon the admonition that we seek so far as possible to live in the lives of other people. By sharing in the misfortunes of others, and rejoicing in their happiness, you add to your own emotional serenity and stability.”
“Total knowledge is annihilation Of the desire to see, to touch, to feel The world sensed only through senses And immune to the knowledge without feeling.”
“Touch the fire and you will burn your hands. But if you observe the density of the heat before you touch it, you will save your hands.”
“Trails are routes to remembrance just as they are routes to knowledge.”
“Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.”
“Trauma can range from an event that has manifested in a considerably small way, to one that has had a large effect on your overall well-being. But this doesn't make certain experiences more significant than the other. What doesn't hurt one person as much, may have completely broken the next person in half.”
“Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE !”
“Travel brings wisdom only to the wise. It renders the ignorant more ignorant than ever.”
“Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends; they wound those who resort to them worse than their enemies.”
“Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper, That we may record our emptiness.”
“Trees are the ambassadors of patience.”
“Trial and error is your best friend. It's all about perspective and your willingness to become better with every lesson.”
“Trivia are not knowledge. Lists of facts don't comprise knowledge. Analyzing, hypothesizing, concluding from data, sharing insights, those comprise knowledge. You can't google for knowledge.”
“True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.”
“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”
“True excellence comes from God. Wisdom is given to those who ask, the willingness to know is a grace that can only be ensured by God and understanding is available only to the humble.”
“True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it.”
“True kindness isn't something we're born with. It's something we have to work at. Not everyone has it. But I think everyone has the potential. Sometimes you just have to look really close before you can tell it's there."-Kyoko”
“True knowledge is the light that dissipate the darkness of ignorance.”
“True knowledge leads kindness.”
“True knowledge leads to kindness.”
“True learning goes beyond memorization; it ignites the flame of understanding and critical thinking.”
“True seekers are sincere about their ignorance.”
“True wisdom gives the only possible answer at any given moment, and that night, going back to bed was the only possible answer.”
“Trust is the reciprocal experience, knowledge and understanding of another that enables them to feel safe whether they are present or absent, each person knowing that neither will betray mutual faith, friendship and loyalty, which endures through the most challenging of circumstances.”
“Trust your experience. Take what you’ve learned, embrace it and more than anything else, put it to good use. You know what to do. You’ve known it all along. Now you just have to go out and do it.”
“Trust your journey. Stay patient, be consistent. Believe in yourself even if the future remains uncertain. The path will become clear. Faith will guide you through.”
“Trusting in your intuitive, spontaneous, illogical heart requires immeasurable trust in the unknown.”
“Truth ain't be in secret site to be found. It lies within certain levels of understanding and knowledge.”
“Truth is born into this world only with pangs and tribulations, and every fresh truth is received unwillingly.”
“Truth is endless and timeless, yet never is it closer to you than the times when you are naively curious.”
“Truth is not a fixed point, but an act in motion.”
“Truth is not absolute; it is uncertain.”
“Truth is not for sale. The man who sells truths that could help and guide humanity will never have peace of mind. Share truths freely, and you will always be revealed more.”
“Truth is only available in Christ.”
“Truth may be stranger than fiction, but fiction is truer.”
“Truth never rusts.”
“Truth resists being projected into the realm of knowledge.”
“Truth reveals itself to the inquisitive and runs away from the bigots and cynics”
“Truth that takes away your humanity, is of no use.”
“Truth was something intangible, unseen, which sometimes we stumbled upon and did not recognize, but was found, and held, and understood only by old people near their death, or sometimes by the very pure, the very young.”
“Try to have tamarind juice or tamarind rice. Tamarind is the greatest purifier. When the liver’s independent intelligence is awakened, it cleanses all the parasites sitting in the stomach and liver.”
“Try to teach your children everything you know, and encourage them to learn everything you don’t know.”
“Try to work on being okay with being a total reject, a freak, a wobbly little weirdo, a loser, a fine-ass hottie, and an ordinary everyday girl with all kinds of struggles. It’s okay. Try to remind yourself, every single day, that it’s you who decides if you’re happy or not, the real you, the current you, not the past you. And your happiness should definitely not be up to everybody else in this goddamn shitty, fucked-up world. Remember that things are always changing. Remember that love, even if it goes bad in the end, was still a good thing, because it came from you, out of who you are as a person. Remember that the good times, when they happen, are worth all the trouble. Remember that sadness and heartbreak, frustration and loss, even bitter, hopeless fucking tragedy, they’re all part of what makes a beautiful story. Just like flaws, freakiness, fuck-ups, and all your fallible character defects are all part of what makes a fantastic fucking you. Remember that making mistakes doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you a human being, somebody who’s just trying to get through this fucked up life, just like everybody else, and doesn’t know everything. Sometimes you screw up. Sometimes a fuck up ruins lives. But you’re only a bad person if you don’t learn anything from your mistakes, if you just keep going, like a bull in a China shop, hurting people over and over forever, never changing. Remember that you can still love yourself, even if you’ve made horrible, terrible mistakes, even if you’ve ruined people’s lives. You can still love who you are. You have to, or you won’t survive. Remember that the awful things people did to you do not define who you are. Your choices define who you are, and you never chose any of that shit. Remember that you’re not all alone in being a freak. Remember that you fucking rock.”
“Trying too hard to be too good, even when trying to be bad, is too good for the bad, too bad for the good.”
“Tuesday brings meaning to my week.”
“Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.”
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.”
“Two dots on a graph can be identical, but they still have different coordinates.”
“Two footsteps do not make a path.”
“Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”
“UNDIVIDED I am for One world undivided. One world without fear and corruption. One world ruled by Truth and Justice. I am for One peaceful world for all, Where hate has been overcome by love, And everyone is guided only By their conscience.”
“Unanswered questions leave more room for possibilities. -Maybe/Maybe Not Dying Girl”
“Uncorrected errors evolve into terror”
“Under the root *( of the Ash Yggdrasil ) that goes to the frost giants is the Well of Mimir. Wisdom and Intelligence are hidden there, and Mimir is the name of the well's owner. He is full of wisdom because he drinks of the well from the Gjallarhorn. All-father went there and asked for one drink from the well, but he did not get this until he gave one of his eyes as a pledge. As it says in The Sibyl's Prophesy : Odin, I know all, where you hid the eye in that famous Well of Mimir. Each morning Mimir drinks mead from Val-Father's pledge. Do you know now or what ? ( The Sibyl's Prophesy. 28 )”
“Understand that nothing happens unless it is God's will and do what you like. What can be simpler than that?”
“Understand the difference between mystical art and mystical knowldge. Devotional music, life stories of mystics and gods, images, paintings etc. may temporarily transport you to mystical world but they can't give you mystical powers. Art is beautiful. Knowledge is boring. Ancient sages tried to mix art with knowledge. We discarded the knowledge but kept the art.”
“Understand the meaning of life, before you embark on your quest for happiness,”
“Understanding is a two-way street.”
“Understanding of truth begins with the acceptance of ignorance”
“Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.”
“Uneducated is not the one who doesn't have higher education, uneducated is the one who has no humanity in heart, despite having the highest of education that money can buy.”
“Unfortunately, human perception is not very developed. Everyone sees whatever they know or what they want, without considering the limitations of their knowledge or what is moral in the world. As a result, humans are a flawd species.”
“Unfortunately, modern man has become so focused on harnessing nature's resources that he has forgotten how to learn from them. If you let them, however, the elements of nature will teach you as they have taught me.”
“Unhappy Aristotle! Who invented for these men dialectics, the art of building up and pulling down; an art so evasive in its propositions, so far-fetched in its conjectures, so harsh, in its arguments, so productive of contentions — embarrassing even to itself, retracting everything, and really treating of nothing! Whence spring those fables and endless genealogies , and unprofitable questions , and words which spread like a cancer? From all these, when the apostle would restrain us, he expressly names philosophy as that which he would have us be on our guard against. Writing to the Colossians, he says, See that no one beguile you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, and contrary to the wisdom of the Holy Ghost. He had been at Athens, and had in his interviews (with its philosophers) become acquainted with that human wisdom which pretends to know the truth, while it only corrupts it, and is itself divided into its own manifold heresies, by the variety of its mutually repugnant sects. What indeed has Athens to do with Jerusalem? What concord is there between the Academy and the Church? What between heretics and Christians? Our instruction comes from the porch of Solomon, who had himself taught that the Lord should be sought in simplicity of heart. Away with all attempts to produce a mottled Christianity of Stoic, Platonic, and dialectic composition! We want no curious disputation after possessing Christ Jesus, no inquisition after enjoying the gospel! With our faith, we desire no further belief. For this is our palmary faith, that there is nothing which we ought to believe besides.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.”
“Unless you want a horrible surprise, never go bird watching with an open mouth.”
“Unlike information, knowledge is always local, woven together with where we learn it and where we learn to use it. Yet knowledge does not exist in a vacuum. It requires other people, to teach us, to value what we do, and to join with us in community -- in a context where information that has become knowledge can then be turned into wisdom.”
“Until every soul is freely permitted to investigate every book, and creed, and dogma for itself, the world cannot be free. Mankind will be enslaved until there is mental grandeur enough to allow each man to have his thought and say. This earth will be a paradise when men can, upon all these questions differ, and yet grasp each other's hands as friends. It is amazing to me that a difference of opinion upon subjects that we know nothing with certainty about, should make us hate, persecute, and despise each other. Why a difference of opinion upon predestination, or the trinity, should make people imprison and burn each other seems beyond the comprehension of man; and yet in all countries where Christians have existed, they have destroyed each other to the exact extent of their power. Why should a believer in God hate an atheist? Surely the atheist has not injured God, and surely he is human, capable of joy and pain, and entitled to all the rights of man. Would it not be far better to treat this atheist, at least, as well as he treats us? Christians tell me that they love their enemies, and yet all I ask is—not that they love their enemies, not that they love their friends even, but that they treat those who differ from them, with simple fairness. We do not wish to be forgiven, but we wish Christians to so act that we will not have to forgive them. If all will admit that all have an equal right to think, then the question is forever solved; but as long as organized and powerful churches, pretending to hold the keys of heaven and hell, denounce every person as an outcast and criminal who thinks for himself and denies their authority, the world will be filled with hatred and suffering. To hate man and worship God seems to be the sum of all the creeds.”
“Until politicians experience what you are experiencing or go through what you are going through. They don't care and would never come up with solution or do something to help. It is not their problem and it does not affect them.”
“Unwind today. Find some part of the mind to release, some tension in the body to undo like a knot.”
“Upanishad’ means, ‘sitting’ - that’s all, just sitting. We can give the meaning, ‘sitting at the feet of the Master’, or, ‘sitting with the Divine’. But the word ‘Upanishad’ means, ‘sitting’ - that’s all. When you sit, when ‘you’ sit - I don’t say ‘your body’ sits. I am not saying ‘your body’ sits – when ‘you’ sit, Truth is revealed.”
“Update your knowledge. Some knowledge goes out of date quickly. Technology, countries, societies, cultures, and religions are constantly changing.”
“Use the wings of the flying Universe, Dream with open eyes; See in darkness.”
“Use time to create the nature of God in yourself”
“Using brand licensed content is not stealing but it is plagiarism.”
“Using less time to produce more is intelligent, then why do intelligent people choose to multitask?”
“Using reason without applying it to experience only leads to theoretical illusions. Ideas derived from real world experiences lead to acquisition of knowledge, and the accumulation of time-tested principles leads to wisdom.”
“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
“Usually people don't see beyond the surface of things and cannot understand more other than the obvious; they are used to judging a book by its cover, and that is why they don't hesitate to bully.”
“Utilise the internet to gain more knowledge. At times people are busy completing their own lessons, thus unable to teach you everything that you need to know.”
“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”
“Vacation means, you have the idea of postponing something in your life.”
“Valkan life was one of violence, but it had not always been so. In their worship of the flesh of the earth, the hair of the forest, the breath of the wind and the bones of rocks, they had long abandoned their worship of wonder, of knowledge. The Valkas had been holders of arcane secrets, passed on from one generation to the next through word of mouth; knowledge that had helped them tame nature. Now, they just lived with the answer their ancestors had unravelled, having entirely forgotten their questions.”
“Valuing knowledge above all else results in a lust for power, and that leads men into dark and empty places.”
“Vandals listen only when others are stronger. If vandals are equal or stronger Their word is the last word.”
“Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.”
“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”
“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”
“Verily, knowledge is a lock and its key is the question.”
“Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ask. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds -- justifications, confirmations, forms of consolation without which they can't go on. To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.”
“Very few men attain enough of human knowledge to be fully aware how much remains to be learned, and of that which they never can hope to acquire.”
“Very often, love is confused with respect. From a young age, children are brought up to always show respect but never to show love. You can hear people teach the children, ‘You should respect your elders.’ You will hardly hear, ‘You should love your elders.’ That is the problem.”
“Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.”
“Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy. But it also comes through public service. The one is incomplete without the other. Power without wisdom is tyranny; wisdom without power is pointless.”
“Vivid simplicity is the articulation, the nature of genius. Wisdom is greater than intelligence; intelligence is greater than philosobabble.”
“Voici mon secret. Il est très simple: on ne voit bien qu'avec le cœur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.”
“Voting is a right and if you do not want to exercise that right, who am I or who is anyone to tell you that you are wrong.”
“Vulnerability is the hallmark of maturity.”
“Vulnerability really means to be strong and secure enough within yourself that you are able to walk outside without your armor on. You are able to show up in life as just you. That is genuine strength and courage. Armor may look tough, but all it does is mask insecurity and fear.”
“WHO KNOWS WHAT EVIL LURKS IN THE HEART OF MEN? The Death of Rats looked up from the feast of the potato. SQUEAK, he said. Death waved a hand dismissively. WELL, YES, OBVIOUSLY ME, he said. I JUST WONDERED IF THERE WAS ANYONE ELSE.”
“Wabi sabi teaches us to be content with less in a way that feels like more. Less stuff, more soul. Less hustle, more ease. Less chaos, more calm. Less mass consumption and more unique creation. Less complexity, more clarity. Less judgment, more forgiveness. Less resistence, more resilience. Less bravado, more truth. Less control, more surrender. Less head, more heart.”
“Waking up negative is a sign to honestly reevaluate the space where your heart and mind are currently in.”
“Wallace would not have been as successful as he was without Ali’s support.”
“Wandering across the vast room, I stopped at a set of shelves as high as the ceiling, and holding about six hundred volumes - all classics on the history of Soalris, starting with the nine volumes of Giese's monumental and already relatively obsolescent monograph. Display for its own sake was improbable in these surroundings. The collection was a respective tribute to the memory of the pioneers. I took down the massive volumes of Giese and sat leafing through them. Rheya had also located som reading matter. Looking over her shoulder, I saw that she had picked one of the many books brought out by the first expedition, the Interplanetary Cookery Book, which could have been the personal property of Giese himself. She was pouring over the recipes adapted to the arduous conditions of interstellar flight. I said nothing, and returned to the book resting on my knees. Solaris - Ten Years of Exploration had appeared as volumes 4-12 of the Solariana collection whose most recent additions were numbered in the thousands.”
“War is business for these people. That is why they will never support peace negotiants but can fund and support you with weapons.”
“War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.”
“Was it wisdom? Was it knowledge? Was it, once more, the deceptiveness of beauty, so that all one’s perceptions, half-way to truth, were tangled in a golden mesh? Or did she lock up within her some secret which certainly Lily Briscoe believed people must have for the world to go on at all? Every one could not be as helter skelter, hand to mouth as she was. But if they knew, could they tell one what they knew? Sitting on the floor with her arms round Mrs. Ramsay’s knees, close as she could get, smiling to think that Mrs. Ramsay would never know the reason of that pressure, she imagined how in the chambers of the mind and heart of the woman who was, physically, touching her, were stood, like the treasures in the tombs of kings, tablets bearing sacred inscriptions, which if one could spell them out, would teach one everything, but they would never be offered openly, never made public. What art was there, known to love or cunning, by which one pressed through into those secret chambers? What device for becoming, like waters poured into one jar, inextricably the same, one with the object one adored? Could the body achieve, or the mind, subtly mingling in the intricate passages of the brain? or the heart? Could loving, as people called it, make her and Mrs. Ramsay one? for it was not knowledge but unity that she desired, not inscriptions on tablets, nothing that could be written in any language known to men, but intimacy itself, which is knowledge, she had thought, leaning her head on Mrs. Ramsay’s knee.”
“Was not Hypatia the greatest philosopher of Alexandria, and a true martyr to the old values of learning? She was torn to pieces by a mob of incensed Christians not because she was a woman, but because her learning was so profound, her skills at dialectic so extensive that she reduced all who queried her to embarrassed silence. They could not argue with her, so they murdered her.”
“Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle of softness overcoming hardness.”
“Wavefunction collapse is a generator of knowledge: it is not so much a process that gives us the answers, but is the process by which answers are created. The outcome of that process can’t, in general, be predicted with certainty, but quantum mechanics gives us a method for calculating the probabilities of particular outcomes. That’s all we can ask for.”
“We absolutely must leave room for doubt or there is no progress and there is no learning. There is no learning without having to pose a question. And a question requires doubt. People search for certainty. But there is no certainty. People are terrified — how can you live and not know? It is not odd at all. You only think you know, as a matter of fact. And most of your actions are based on incomplete knowledge and you really don't know what it is all about, or what the purpose of the world is, or know a great deal of other things. It is possible to live and not know.”
“We all are deceived by our own ignorance.”
“We all are getting obsolete every passing day. We can’t replace our hardware, but we can certainly upgrade our software.”
“We all go through several stages of relationships in our lifetime. If you observevery closely, whichever stage we are in, when we ask for love we are actually asking only for the other person’s attention. When we say a person doesn’t love us, we actually mean that the other person doesn’t give us enough attention. The basic need for any human being is attention from others. The attention-need, along with our dependency on others for survival, is what we experience as love.”
“We all grow up with the weight of history on us. Our ancestors dwell in the attics of our brains as they do in the spiraling chains of knowledge hidden in every cell of our bodies.”
“We all have scars, Mia; they are supposed to make you stronger, not paralyze you.” ~Cole”
“We all suffer under a curse, the curse that we know more than we can endure, and there is nothing, absolutely nothing we can do about the force and the lure of this knowledge.”
“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”
“We are all born with genius. It's like our fairy godmother. But what happens in life is that we stop listening to our inner voices, and we no longer have access to this extraordinary ability to create poetry.”
“We are all linked by a mesh of energies that we contain within us.”
“We are all small-minded people, creeping about the earth grubbing for our own advantage and making the very mistakes for which we want to humiliate our neighbors.”
“We are all vessels of profound possibilities. When we learn to accept we're not the creator, but simply a conduit of knowledge  Then we can create.”
“We are already in heaven so don't try to find another heaven just try to make this heaven better everyday.”
“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
“We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.”
“We are at war, and the enemy knows that the subconscious absorbs everything.”
“We are certainly descendents of the sea for our tears are salted and when we shed them on the jowl of time, the sea that has always been within us flows on our face. ”
“We are exactly where we have chosen to be.”
“We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.”
“We are in a period where comments, posts, shares and even likes can be taken way out of context and create way more issues than they should for businesses and reputations. It is not about managing your reputation online to please everybody, but taking the right steps to reinforce and manage your online reputation can make all the difference for today, tomorrow, next week, next month and next year.”
“We are losing the ability to understand anything that's even vaguely complex.”
“We are much beholden to Machiavelli and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do . For it is not possible to join serpentine wisdom with the columbine innocency, except men know exactly all the conditions of the serpent; his baseness and going upon his belly, his volubility and lubricity, his envy and sting, and the rest; that is, all forms and natures of evil. For without this, virtue lieth open and unfenced. Nay, an honest man can do no good upon those that are wicked, to reclaim them, without the help of the knowledge of evil.”
“We are never fast enough to outrun the consequences of our choices.”
“We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.”
“We are not how the universe knows itself. We are how humans know the universe. Words and thoughts are our way of knowing, not THE way of knowing. Translating a mountain into a word, into a measurement, does not bring new knowledge into the world, it brings new knowledge into us. The mountain was perfectly in touch with its own wholeness without neurons, without language, without learning our name for it. We may have spotted the shores of understanding from our small boat, but we certainly didn't invent them.”
“We are often jealous of our little secrets, though to another ear they generally convey neither profit nor entertainment.”
“We are often more treacherous through weakness than calculation”
“We are oversupplied with people and books that make us know more, but are undersupplied with those that make us think and live better.”
“We are part of God and he part of us. We are a community of gods in the making, a society of the divine. Never let anyone tell you that you are bad, a sinner, weak, unworthy, wretched and depraved, in need of Jesus, Moses or Mohammed. You need no one except yourself. You need no faith. It’s knowledge that will deliver you.”
“We are students of words: we are shut up in schools, and colleges, and recitation -rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.”
“We are taught all our lives to hold on. Most of the time it’s out of fear. Fear of loss. Fear of the future. Fear of the unknown. But when you hold onto things that are no longer for you, you prevent the things that are actually supposed to show up from arriving. You stop yourself from receiving the gifts of life and traveling the path you were always meant to take.”
“We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge - and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves - how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves? It has rightly been said: "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"; our treasure is where the beehives of our knowledge are.”
“We are, all of us, always being tested, my friend. Tests make us stronger, and strength is power, and power is the point. We must pass all the tests we face… Or die in the effort.”
“We are, finally, all wanderers in search of knowledge. Most of us hold the dream of becoming something better than we are, something larger, richer, in some way more important to the world and ourselves. Too often, the way taken is the wrong way, with too much emphasis on what we want to have, rather than what we wish to become.”
“We awaken by asking the right questions. We awaken when we see knowledge being spread that goes against our own personal experiences. We awaken when we see popular opinion being wrong but accepted as being right, and what is right being pushed as being wrong. We awaken by seeking answers in corners that are not popular. And we awaken by turning on the light inside when everything outside feels dark.”
“We base our fall into love upon insufficient material, and supplement our ignorance with desire.”
“We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.”
“We believe in the discovery, validity and security of a brand and its messaging being built on a foundation that is stabilized for enduring growth. Regardless of the field or product, when these elements are reviewed and addressed, the accountability, authenticity and authority can shine that much brighter.”
“We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.”
“We can never know anything.”
“We can no more justify using nonhumans as human resources than we can justify human slavery. Animal use and slavery have at least one important point in common: both institutions treat sentient beings exclusively as resources of others. That cannot be justified with respect to humans; it cannot be justified with respect to nonhumans—however “humanely” we treat them.”
“We can observe, but reasoning about what we observe requires truth.”
“We can only teach what we have learned.”
“We can only teach what we have learned”
“We can't just restrict ourselves to what we know, because we are talking about the unknown.”
“We cannot know what will come. Besides, if it is a choice between knowledge and hope, I would prefer her to have hope.”
“We cannot rely on what was achieved by a previous generation. We need to reacquire knowledge with each generation and push its boundaries out further.”
“We cannot truly comprehend our own selves or the history of our nation or, indeed, the history of the entire world, unless we unshackle ourselves from the bonds of false knowledge, desire and action, and elevate the intellect to a state of detached observation.”
“We can’t read water in the same way as we can’t read data…Working with it makes us more aware of the distance between ourselves and the matter under consideration: it reminds us that we share this world rather than own it. Knowledge produced through the medium of the shifting surface of a bucket of water is made in cooperation with the world, rather than by conquering it.”
“We could have complete, transparent, participatory knowledge accessible to all, audited at every level of understanding, and protect privacy for everyone. Local governance could be both informed and autonomous and we could collaborate with a speed and accuracy that might just give us a chance to solve the problems we are facing before it is too late. Everyone would have the equal ability to make informed choices at their chosen level of understanding. We could have a universal reality, informed by information from all sources, and we could make decisions free of state and corporate coercion.”
“We destroy in assumptions But we do not build in possibilities”
“We do indeed live in an 'information age," but we tend to forget that the sheer availability of information may or may not have any impact on whether or not that information can be distributed effectively, much less utilized properly. In fact, we could say that the greatest lie of the information age is that, just by piling up trillions of bits of data, we perpetually increase the intelligence of the human race as a collective whole. This optimistic assumption about the human mind has been almost universally accepted since the rise of humanism, and is completely false. There is a very rigid limit on the amount of knowledge that an individual can absorb and utilize, and it is never very much. We all live and die in ignorance of almost everything there is in the world to know. To say this is not pessimism, but is simply an honest acknowledgment of the vastness of our reality, its laws, and its mysteries.”
“We do learn and develop when we are exposed to those who are greater than we are. Perhaps this is the chief way we mature.”
“We do not engage in idle or intentional gossip which undermines someone else's integrity or which spreads the seeds of fear by talking unthinkingly about illness, disasters, and all the other fears which run rampant in the world.”
“We do not learn for the benefit of anyone, we learn to unlearn ignorance.”
“We do not like final knowledge, because knowledge, Phaedo, has no dignity or severity: it knows, understands, forgives, without attitude; it is sympathetic to the abyss, it is the abyss. Therefore we deny it and instead seek beauty, simplicity, greatness and severity, of objectivity and form. But form and objectivity, Phaedo, lead the noble one to intoxication and desire, to horrible emotional transgressions rejected by his beautiful severity, lead to the abyss. Us poets, I say, it leads there, for we are unable to elevate ourselves, instead we can only transgress.”
“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”
“We do not receive wisdom, we must discover it for ourselves, after a journey through the wilderness which no one else can make for us, which no one else can spare us, for our wisdom is the point of view from which we come at last to regard the world. The lives that you admire, the attitudes that seem noble to you, have not been shaped by paterfamilias or a schoolmaster, they have sprung from very different beginnings, having been influenced by everything evil or commonplace that prevailed round about them. They represent a struggle and a victory. I can see that picture of what we were at an earlier stage may not be recognisable and cannot, certainly, be pleasing to contemplate in later life. But we must not repudiate it, for it is a proof that we have really lived, that it is in accordance with the laws of life and of the mind that we have, from the common elements of life, of the life of studios, of artistic groups—assuming one is a painter—extracted something that transcends them.”
“We don't invite trouble to dinner,' she always said, 'because then it will expect to stay for dessert.”
“We don't know everything, and that's actually a good thing. Life would be utterly boring if we already knew everything there was to know. There'd be no more room for adventure or discovery   or improvement.”
“We don't know everything, and that's actually a good thing. Life would be utterly boring if we already knew everything there was to know. There'd be no more room for adventure or discovery   or improvement”
“We don't need a lot more quick fixes. We need a change in the paradigm.”
“We don't notice things change. We know that things change, we've been told since childhood that things change, we've witnessed things change ourselves many a time, and yet we're still utterly incapable of noticing the moment that change comes--or we search for change in all the wrong places.”
“We don't receive wisdom we must discover it for ourselves.”
“We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.”
“We don't want to think about our weaknesses. We don't want to talk about them, and we certainly don't want anyone else to point them out. This is a classic sign of mediocrity, and this mediocrity has a firm grip on the Church and humanity at this moment in history.”
“We don’t define faith as an intellectual exercise where we either make ourselves believe (which is make-believe), or else we interpret the physical evidence while “holding to the right presuppositions.”
“We don’t know anything about silent sages, buried knowledge, the eye of the mute poet, serene seers, yet how many talkative destroyers, prophets and ideologues, teachers and beautifiers there are on the other side.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“We don’t want half-truths, misinformation and a cute, dumbed down description of reality using cringy words. We want words we have never heard before. Give us cerebral explosions. Give us words that trigger nuclear reactions in the darkest places of our unconscious. We want the laser light of knowledge that removes all confusion, illusion and delusion. We welcome and embrace the pain of transcending our conditioned minds.”
“We dream, we wake on a cold hillside, we pursue the dream again. In the beginning was the dream, and the work of disenchantment never ends.”
“We expect so much of children, hovering above them like giant, invincible gods. What a racket to discover as an adult, how little we have to pass down.”
“We feel that, for the honour of God (and also, though we do not say this, for the sake of our own reputation as spiritual Christians), it is necessary for us to claim that we are, so to speak, already in the signal-box, here and now enjoying the inside information as to the why and wherefore of God’s doings. This comforting pretence becomes part of us: we feel sure that God has enabled us to understand all His ways with us and our circle thus far, and we take if for granted that we shall be able to see at once the reason for anything that may happen to us in the future. And then something very painful and quite inexplicable comes along, and our cheerful illusion of being in God’s secret councils is shattered. Our pride is wounded; we feel that God has slighted us; and unless at this point we repent, and humble ourselves very thoroughly for our former presumption, our whole subsequent spriritual life may be blighted.”
“We gaze up at the same stars, the sky covers us all, the same universe encompasses us. What does it matter what practical system we adopt in our search for the truth? Not by one avenue only can we arrive at so tremendous a secret.”
“We give up our backs and allow religious myths to apply the rear naked choke to our minds.”
“We have all grown wiser.”
“We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.”
“We have shut up long enough, and now is the time to speak out loud. Yesterday was the silence of the underdog, but today we recognize how unbearably colorless and tasteless our treadmill is. When we recognize things, we can come to comprehend them, and through that knowledge, we get insight into the reality of our needs, allowing our awareness to give birth to a clear vision to catalyze ultimate wisdom. ("The upper lip must never tremble" )”
“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”
“We have to do the best we can with the language and concepts we inherit, and not worry about obtaining a truth that will satisfy everyone, everywhere, and for all time to come.”
“We humans, believe we know it all. When you think about the vastness of the universe, you begin to realise we know nothing other than the limitations of our own environment.”
“We judge others by their actions and ourselves by our intentions. We need to offer grace to all, because we all need a little grace.”
“We know Christ exists because we know Him.”
“We know more than we think we do. We think more than we know we do.”
“We know that absolute, though partial, knowledge is possible through Christ. We’re confident because we know Jesus Christ. Yes. He’s real and knowable. He provides true premises with which to understand the material observations.”
“We know that absolute, though partial, knowledge is possible through Christ.”
“We know that for mankind to move forward, changes must be made. However, if an old man is wise only by his gray hair, yet it is inevitable that this wisdom will also become impaired by age, then it can be deduced that we cannot expect the very old or very young to make progressive strides to better society, it must be up to the men and women still in the prime of their lives to re-learn and teach the changes needed to be made.”
“We know that the Bible is God’s word without error because God reveals that it’s the word of God without error.”
“We learn from failure, not from success!”
“We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities.”
“We live in the hope that life will be different. Just a little more substance perhaps in the intrinsic frailty of the days. Such resignation frightens me. Between gunshots I get drunk. In secret, all knowledge becomes anxiety.”
“We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.”
“We look to young musicians to be sages and treat our elders as old fools, then wonder why our life is a mess.”
“We losers don't fear death. For us it's the end of a lifelong losing spell.”
“We lovers of truth seek less to answer questions than to question our own answers.”
“We make Idols of our concepts, but Wisdom is born of wonder”
“We may convince ourselves that something is true, but that doesn’t make it true.”
“We may each be good at certain things but all of us are a bunch of dum-dums in most things.”
“We may have been flawless then— but look at us now. Look how we shine. Look at the map we've made in these fractures— in all the places where the world got its hands on us.”
“We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later”
“We may say that the great Greek ideal was to have no use for useful things. The Slave was he who learned useful things; the Freeman was he who learned useless things. This still remains the ideal of many noble men of science, in the sense that they do desire truth as the great Greeks desired it; and their attitude is an eternal protest against the vulgarity of utilitarianism.”
“We may talk lightly but never carelessly. We keep at bay the flow of common, ignorant thought which runs its damaging course through the pathways of ordinary human conversation.”
“We may think we live for wisdom, but in fact we're living for the the pleasure wisdom brings us.”
“We men are strange beasts. Love us and we run from you. Leave us, and you’re never far from our thoughts.”
“We move through reality by thought alone.”
“We must accept the reality that the causes of impatience travel a two-way street.”
“We must admit that simply knowing the contents of the Bible is not a sure route to spiritual growth. There is an aweful assumption in evangelical churches that if we can just get the Word of God into people's heads, then the Spirit of God will apply it to their hearts. That assumption is aweful, not because the Spirit never does what the assumption supposes, but because it excused pastors and leaders from the responsibility to tangle with people's lives. Many remain safely hidden behind pulpits, hopelessly out of touch with the struggles of their congregations, proclaiming the Scriptures with a pompous accuracy that touches no one. Pulpits should provide bridges, not barriers, to life-changing relationships.”
“We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”
“We must make haste then, not only because we are daily nearer to death, but also because the conception of things and the understanding of them cease first.”
“We must not attach knowledge to the mind, we have to incorporate it there.”
“We must not only obtain Wisdom: we must enjoy her.”
“We must not think of the things we could do with, but only of the things that we can't do without.”
“We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.”
“We need learn what we need to learn, know what we need to know, and do what we need to do.”
“We need not take refuge in supernatural gods to explain our saints and sages and heroes and statesmen, as if to explain our disbelief that mere unaided human beings could be that good or wise.”
“We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.”
“We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.”
“We not only learn from the knowledge we acquire and experiences we gain but sometimes in order to learn deeper lessons in life we put ourselves out there and learn from the wounds and damages we receive ourselves.”
“We now know the basic rules governing the universe, together with the gravitational interrelationships of its gross components, as shown in the theory of relativity worked out between 1905 and 1916. We also know the basic rules governing the subatomic particles and their interrelationships, since these are very neatly described by the quantum theory worked out between 1900 and 1930. What's more, we have found that the galaxies and clusters of galaxies are the basic units of the physical universe, as discovered between 1920 and 1930.  The young specialist in English Lit, having quoted me, went on to lecture me severely on the fact that in every century people have thought they understood the universe at last, and in every century they were proved to be wrong. It follows that the one thing we can say about our modern 'knowledge' is that it is wrong  My answer to him was, when people thought the Earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the Earth was spherical they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the Earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the Earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together. The basic trouble, you see, is that people think that 'right' and 'wrong' are absolute; that everything that isn't perfectly and completely right is totally and equally wrong. However, I don't think that's so. It seems to me that right and wrong are fuzzy concepts, and I will devote this essay to an explanation of why I think so. When my friend the English literature expert tells me that in every century scientists think they have worked out the universe and are always wrong, what I want to know is how wrong are they? Are they always wrong to the same degree?”
“We oft know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.”
“We often mistake assuming or hoping for knowing.”
“We often think happiness comes from the situations in our lives, when it actually comes from the way we choose to relate to the situations in our lives.”
“We often think we know what is best for us and then we plan and order our lives from this knowledge. God, however, knows the end from the beginning, He is the all ­wise One and He alone knows the future. We can spare ourselves so much sorrow and heartache, often, by going to God first and waiting on Him in prayer and waiting for His timing and plan to unfold, giving Him glory because He has a good plan for all of us.”
“We only know a tiny proportion about the complexity of the natural world. Wherever you look, there are still things we don’t know about and don’t understand. [ ] There are always new things to find out if you go looking for them.”
“We ought to read mainly, not to know more, but to remind ourselves that we do not know much.”
“We preach, we scream, we discuss, and we think, we know the world very well. But the world says nothing; it just slants its head with an elusive smile and unfolds our ignorance.”
“We readily rebel against our knowledge than our ignorance.”
“We respect the concept that one must study for many years to become a medical doctor before writing prescriptions; so why is it that when it comes to Islam, everyone is an expert and has the right to say whatever he or she wishes?”
“We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society.”
“We seldom study the condition of the Negro to-day honestly and carefully. It is so much easier to assume that we know it all. Or perhaps, having already reached conclusions in our own minds, we are loth to have them disturbed by facts. And yet how little we really know of these millions,—of their daily lives and longings, of their homely joys and sorrows, of their real shortcomings and the meaning of their crimes! All this we can only learn by intimate contact with the masses, and not by wholesale arguments covering millions separate in time and space, and differing widely in training and culture.”
“We shall live to die once more.”
“We shall not cease from exploration And the end of all our exploring Will be to arrive where we started And know the place for the first time.”
“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”
“We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged”
“We should have some other collection of knowledge, then, to balance that one out – its inverse, its inner lining, everything we don’t know, all the things that can’t be captured in any index, can’t be handled by any search engine. For the vastness of these contents cannot be traversed from word to word – you have to step in between the words, into the unfathomable abysses between ideas.”
“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”
“We should not use the worst to define us as a people, and we use not use the best to excuse the bullshit of the worst.”
“We should've been different breeds. There can only be one lion in a small cage. It's not important if the other lion is sleeping or crouching in the corner. The only important thing is that it's a lion.”
“We sometimes allow someone—because of their confidence and our uncertainty—to ‘correct’ us where we are right, and they are wrong.”
“We sometimes need to learn that insults is not facts. We can't win argument with insults and leaving out facts.”
“We spend January 1st walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done, cracks to be patched. Maybe this year, to balance the list, we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives not looking for flaws, but for potential.”
“We tend to live up to our expectations.”
“We tend to think of life as linear. As if each moment, each year, has to be better than the last, and if it's not, we failed.So be patient with yourself, Josie. Don't judge yourself by any one moment. Allow yourself room to change”
“We tend to think that humans distinguish themselves from animals by -greater- knowledge and awareness, but the most typical difference is that, unlike animals, we are almost constantly tormented by a -lack- of knowledge.”
“We the people have no excuse for starry-eyed sycophantic group-think in the Information Age. Knowledge is but a fingertip away.”
“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
“We think we know ." "Know? That's worse than an atom bomb, and always was.”
“We understand more than we know.”
“We understand ourselves when we understand others, but we understand others more when we truly understand ourselves.”
“We use language to describe experiences, but language itself isn’t experience. It exists on its own, independent of experience, yet applicable to any experience. And that’s exactly what consciousness is. It applies to experience – allowing us to knowledgably reflect on experience – but it definitely isn’t the experience itself, contrary to what almost all of humanity believes. Hardly anyone understands that consciousness can be totally detached from experience and put to completely different uses.”
“We use our belief in witchcraft, God, miracles, etc. to fill a hole in our heart, or a gap in our knowledge or understanding.”
“We walk unknowing amid the shadows of our past and, forgetting our history, are ignorant of ourselves.”
“We want to make sense of everything, even when it's not meant to.”
“We will never be more that we have been destined to be! ”
“We women talk too much, but even then we don't tell half what we know.”
“We're all fools," said Clemens, "all the time. It's just we're a different kind each day. We think, I'm not a fool today. I've learned my lesson. I was a fool yesterday but not this morning. Then tomorrow we find out that, yes, we were a fool today too. I think the only way we can grow and get on in this world is to accept the fact we're not perfect and live accordingly.”
“We're here on a need-to-know basis. There is no machinery in evolution for informing us of the existence of phenomena that do not affect our survival. What is here that we dont know about we dont know about.”
“We're on a planet, relax!”
“We're on the same boat but in different cabin”
“We're very familiar with the idea that some things are so complex they're beyond our comprehension. This not only keeps us solving and experimenting but also distracted. Many things are really so simple we can't see them under our big noses.”
“We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster.”
“We, human beings , are strong because we are capable of change .”
“Wealth is a mindset; what you know and your perspective of life will determine your net worth. If you want to be wealthy, you'll need to think like the wealthy. Start by defining your goals in a year’s time and then five years' time”
“Wealth is a person’s ability to survive a certain number of days forward.”
“Weinberg said: "The more the universe seems comprehensible, the more it also seems pointless." I must disagree with my old teacher. To me the universe seems quite the opposite of pointless. It seems that the more we learn, the more we see how it all fits together. As we study the universe as a whole, we realize that microcosm and macrocosm are, increasingly, the same subject. By unifying them, we are learning that nature is as it is not because it is the chance consequence of a random series of meaningless events; quite the opposite. More and more, the universe appears to be as it is because it must be that way.”
“Well, every one can master a grief but he that has it.”
“Well, knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severely for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since. ”
“Well, then, why should I listen to my heart? Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet. Even if you pretend not to have heard what it tells you, it will always be there inside you, repeating to you what you're thinking about life and about the world.”
“Well, you have to be near death to understand why life matters, otherwise, you don't have the perspective. You believe you have the time to put off that phone call you haven't made to your mother. You let an old argument fester. You fold down the page in a travel magazine and tell yourself one day, you'll get to Istanbul or Santorini or back to the town where you were born. You have the luxury of time, until you don't- and then it becomes clear what's most important.”
“Were these boys in their right minds? Here were two boys with good intellect, one eighteen and one nineteen. They had all the prospects that life could hold out for any of the young; one a graduate of Chicago and another of Ann Arbor; one who had passed his examination for the Harvard Law School and was about to take a trip in Europe,--another who had passed at Ann Arbor, the youngest in his class, with three thousand dollars in the bank. Boys who never knew what it was to want a dollar; boys who could reach any position that was to boys of that kind to reach; boys of distinguished and honorable families, families of wealth and position, with all the world before them. And they gave it all up for nothing, for nothing! They took a little companion of one of them, on a crowded street, and killed him, for nothing, and sacrificed everything that could be of value in human life upon the crazy scheme of a couple of immature lads. Now, your Honor, you have been a boy; I have been a boy. And we have known other boys. The best way to understand somebody else is to put yourself in his place. Is it within the realm of your imagination that a boy who was right, with all the prospects of life before him, who could choose what he wanted, without the slightest reason in the world would lure a young companion to his death, and take his place in the shadow of the gallows?  No one who has the process of reasoning could doubt that a boy who would do that is not right. How insane they are I care not, whether medically or legally. They did not reason; they could not reason; they committed the most foolish, most unprovoked, most purposeless, most causeless act that any two boys ever committed, and they put themselves where the rope is dangling above their heads . Why did they kill little Bobby Franks? Not for money, not for spite; not for hate. They killed him as they might kill a spider or a fly, for the experience. They killed him because they were made that way. Because somewhere in the infinite processes that go to the making up of the boy or the man something slipped, and those unfortunate lads sit here hated, despised, outcasts, with the community shouting for their blood. . . . I know, Your Honor, that every atom of life in all this universe is bound up together. I know that a pebble cannot be thrown into the ocean without disturbing every drop of water in the sea. I know that every life is inextricably mixed and woven with every other life. I know that every influence, conscious and unconscious, acts and reacts on every living organism, and that no one can fix the blame. I know that all life is a series of infinite chances, which sometimes result one way and sometimes another. I have not the infinite wisdom that can fathom it, neither has any other human brain”
“We’re not ashamed of Jesus Christ or the divine revelation that comes from Him.”
“What Brahman is cannot be described. All things in the world — the Vedas, the Puranas, the Tantras, the six systems of philosophy — have been defiled, like food that has been touched by the tongue, for they have been read or uttered by the tongue. Only one thing has not been defiled in this way, and that is Brahman. No one has ever been able to say what Brahman is.”
“What God says is best, indeed is best, though all men in the world are against it. Seeing, then, that God prefers his religion; seeing God prefers a tender conscience; seeing they that make themselves fools for the kingdom of heaven are wisest; and that the poor man that loveth Christ is richer than the greatest man in the world that hates him: Shame, depart, thou art an enemy to my salvation.”
“What I do profess to know is that my lack of knowledge becomes clearer the more knowledgeable that I become.”
“What I know about auto racing could be inscribed with a dry Magic Marker on the lip of a Coke bottle.”
“What I know is dwarfed by what I don’t know. And if I know this, I know more than those who think they know.”
“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”
“What a rich wisdom it would be, and how much more bountiful a harvest, to gain pleasure not from achieving personal perfection but from understanding the inevitability of imperfection and pardoning those who also fall short of it.”
“What am I? How am I connected? What is my purpose? What is all of this, felt in the flesh? Why is it so beautiful? What is beautiful? Why do I not know? What else don't I know? When will I know it? Will I ever know? Would knowing be too much?”
“What an amateur is, is a lover of a subject. I’m a lover of facts. The fact is the savior, as long as you don’t jam it into some preconceived pattern. The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance—it is the illusion of knowledge.”
“What an author doesn't know could fill a book.”
“What are man's truths ultimately? Merely his irrefutable errors.”
“What are our learned men save the descendants of witches and hermits who crouched in caves and in woods brewing herbs, interrogating shrew-mice and writing down the language of the stars? And the less we honour them as our superstitions dwindle and our respect for beauty and health of mind increases ”
“What can I say? I prefer to die well informed.”
“What can we make of the inexpressible joy of children? It is a kind of gratitude, I think—the gratitude of the ten-year-old who wakes to her own energy and the brisk challenge of the world. You thought you knew the place and all its routines, but you see you hadn’t known. Whole stacks at the library held books devoted to things you knew nothing about. The boundary of knowledge receded, as you poked about in books, like Lake Erie’s rim as you climbed its cliffs. And each area of knowledge disclosed another, and another. Knowledge wasn’t a body, or a tree, but instead air, or space, or being—whatever pervaded, whatever never ended and fitted into the smallest cracks and the widest space between stars.”
“What deep wounds ever closed without a scar? The hearts bleed longest, and heals but to wear That which disfigures it.”
“What distances can be explored without God?”
“What do we any of us have but our illusions? And what do we ask of others but that we be allowed to keep them?”
“What do you know?” “Almost everything. That almost part can be a real kick in the teeth sometimes.” “What do you want, then?” “What I can’t have.” Wit turned to him, eyes solemn. “Same as everyone else, Kaladin Stormblessed.”
“What extended intelligence is NOT is a mindless cheerleader who says, "Oh, that is a good idea, carry on! You can do it!" Often the new data points suggest new avenues of exploration or thought or research. Work with Ei enough, and the logic of it begins to rub off on you.”
“What good is power when you're too wise to use it?”
“What good is your knowledge of five thousand books if it doesn't even help five people!”
“What happened to Jesus after he was crucified? A historical reconstruction It is an undeniable fact that the New Testament Gospels present the crucifixion and the resurrection as the pivot upon which Christianity is based. However, this notion is most surprising when we take into consideration that this postulation was never part of Jesus's teaching. Certainly the evangelists 'Mark' and 'Matthew' do hint at these strange happenings, but it is a noted fact amongst the majority of the biblical scholars that these sequences were added several centuries after the original Gospels were written, and this was done so that the political editors of these Gospels could adapt the writings according to their political and theological needs ”
“What happened, happened. It didn’t happen any other way. Even if it was their fault, you are now responsible for what happens next. How will you write the rest of your story? Will it be full of bitterness, anger, resentment, anxiety and regret? Or will you write a story of healing, love, compassion, empathy and grace? It’s your choice. Choose wisely.”
“What happens to people living in a society where everyone in power is lying, stealing, cheating and killing, and in our hearts we all know this, but the consequences of facing all these lies are so monstrous, we keep on hoping that maybe the corporate government administration and media are on the level with us this time. Americans remind me of survivors of domestic abuse. This is always the hope that this is the very, very, very last time one's ribs get re-broken again. ”
“What he did not know he did not claim to know.”
“What if you lose all your mind, imagination, and dreams? That is where you shift from reality to truth or from insanity to sane state.”
“What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care.”
“What is meant by ‘worry’? Worry arises whenever things are not happening as you want them to happen. It is the discrepancy between your expectations and reality.”
“What is more important to a library than anything else -- than everything else -- is the fact that it exists." [ The Premise Of Meaning , American Scholar; Washington, DC, June 5, 1972]”
“What is more, nobody has ever actually proved him wrong. His chief trouble was that he usually provided such large, indigestible slabs that they stuck in all gullets—even mine, and I would class myself as a fairly wide-gulleted type.”
“What is not yet known those blinded by bad faith can never learn.”
“What is now proved was once only imagined.”
“What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long.”
“What is the benefit of interacting with extended intelligence? Extended Intelligence takes what you give them, determines what you want to do, and echos back new data points that you may not have considered.”
“What is the end of study? let me know. Why, that to know, which else we should not know. Things hid and barr'd, you mean, from common sense? Ay, that is study's godlike recompense. Come on, then; I will swear to study so, To know the thing I am forbid to know: As thus,--to study where I well may dine, When I to feast expressly am forbid; Or study where to meet some mistress fine, When mistresses from common sense are hid; Or, having sworn too hard a keeping oath, Study to break it and not break my troth. If study's gain be thus and this be so, Study knows that which yet it doth not know: -- ACT I, SCENE 1, Loves Labour's Lost”
“What is the universe but a lot of waves And a craving desire is a wave…”
“What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.”
“What knowledge can you know than being kind?”
“What one thinks is right is not always the same as what others think is right; no one can be always right.”
“What people want, mainly, is to be told by some plausible authority that what they are already doing is right. I don't know know of a quicker way to become unpopular than to disagree.”
“What place in the future development of the South ought the Negro college and college-bred man to occupy? That the present social separation and acute race-sensitiveness must eventually yield to the influences of culture, as the South grows civilized, is clear. But such transformation calls for singular wisdom and patience. If, while the healing of this vast sore is progressing, the races are to live for many years side by side, united in economic effort, obeying a common government, sensitive to mutual thought and feeling, yet subtly and silently separate in many matters of deeper human intimacy,—if this unusual and dangerous development is to progress amid peace and order, mutual respect and growing intelligence, it will call for social surgery at once the delicatest and nicest in modern history. It will demand broad-minded, upright men, both white and black, and in its final accomplishment American civilization will triumph. So far as white men are concerned, this fact is to-day being recognized in the South, and a happy renaissance of university education seems imminent. But the very voices that cry hail to this good work are, strange to relate, largely silent or antagonistic to the higher education of the Negro. Strange to relate! for this is certain, no secure civilization can be built in the South with the Negro as an ignorant, turbulent proletariat.”
“What sets humans apart from animals is that we have to walk around saying how smart we are, and animals just live their lives.”
“What should I do—how should I act now, this very day . . . What she would resolve to do that day did not yet seem quite clear, but something that she could achieve stirred her as with an approaching murmur which would soon gather distinctness.”
“What the spiritual journey is all about is uniting our will with God's will, wanting what He wants, loving what He loves, living a life that in all its aspects honors Him and gives Him glory.”
“What transforms this world is — knowledge. Do you see what I mean? Nothing else can change anything in this world. Knowledge alone is capable of transforming the world, while at the same time leaving it exactly as it is. When you look at the world with knowledge, you realize that things are unchangeable and at the same time are constantly being transformed.”
“What truth do you expect to find? They are all guilty Threatened And bribed”
“What we have to learn, in both meditation and in life, is to be free of attachment to the good experiences, and free of aversion to the negative ones.”
“What we want to see is the child in pursuit of the knowledge not the knowledge in pursuit of the child.”
“What would you consider a good job?" Answered as follows: "A good job is one in which I don't have to work, and get paid a lot of money." When I heard that I cheered and yelled and felt that he should be given an A+, for he had perfectly articulated the American dream of those who despise knowledge. What a politician that kid would have made.”
“What you are trying to let go of  is already gone.”
“What you don't know cannot be beaten out of you.”
“What you don’t know won’t hurt you. A dubious maxim: sometimes what you don’t know can hurt you very much.”
“What you see is what you see”
“What you wish to know, you shall know if you seek knowledge in the subject of interest.”
“What's so magical about solitude? In many fields, Ericsson told me, it's only when you're alone that you can engage in Deliberate Practice, which he has identified as the key to exceptional achievement. When you practice deliberately, you identify the tasks or knowledge that are just out of your reach, strive to upgrade your performance, monitor your progress, and revise accordingly. Practice sessions that fall short of this standard are not only less useful - they're counterproductive. They reinforce existing cognitive mechanisms instead of improving them.”
“What's the use of crying, and retching, and belching, all day long, like your lady downstairs? Life has its sad side, and we must take the rough with the smooth. Why, maids have died on their marriage eve, or, what's worse, bringing their first baby into the world, and the world's wagged on all the same. Life's sad enough, in all conscience, but there's nothing to be frightened about in it or to turn one's stomach. I was country-bred, and as my old granny used to say, "There's no clock like the sun and no calendar like the stars." And why? Because it gets one used to the look of Time. There's no bogey from over the hills that scares one like Time. But when one's been used all one's life to seeing him naked, as it were, instead of shut up in a clock, like he is in Lud, one learns that he is as quiet and peaceful as an old ox dragging the plough. And to watch Time teaches one to sing. They say the fruit from over the hills makes one sing. I've never tasted so much as a sherd of it, but for all that I can sing.”
“Whatever I learn makes me angry to have learned it.”
“Whatever I learned, Whatever I knew, Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew, Away in some dilemma, Always in some confusion, The purpose of this life, Seems like an illusion!”
“Whatever can be threatened, whatever can be shaken, whatever you fear cannot stand, is destined to crash. Do not go down with the ship. Let that which is destined to become the past slip away. Believe that the real you is that which beckons from the future. If it is a sadder you, it will be a wiser one. And dawn will follow the darkness sooner or later. Rebirth can never come without death.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Whatever good karma you have done, the good karma will also come. But the bad karma you can’t escape. Only an enlightened being who does not have karma, only an incarnation, can save you from your karma.”
“Whatever had made her think she knew what love was or was not?”
“Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched ”
“Whatever in creation exists without my knowledge exists without my consent.”
“Whatever is coming up in your life right now is not here to stay. It will pass. But you have to let it. Sometimes, that takes getting out of your own way and accepting that things are the way that they are. You can’t change what happens to you. But you can choose what happens next.”
“Whatever people in general do not understand, they are always prepared to dislike; the incomprehensible is always the obnoxious.”
“Whatever you are giving. If the price is not mentioned. It might cost you, your whole life or it might cost you your life. Nothing is for free.”
“Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.”
“Whatever you have learned, Harry, you must remember That there is always more: we cannot rest in being The impatient spectators of malice or stupidity. We must try to penetrate the other private worlds Of make-believe and fear. To rest in our own suffering Is evasion of suffering. We must learn to suffer more.”
“Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.”
“When Don Quixote went out into the world, that world turned into a mystery before his eyes. That is the legacy of the first European novel to the entire subsequent history of the novel. The novel teaches us to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“When I say life, I don’t mean just breathing and staying alive. I mean being alive at the innermost being level, as a live Consciousness. If you can express love, if you can experience love, that is the only way of being alive as a Consciousness.”
“When I start a new seminar I tell my students that I will undoubtedly contradict myself, and that I will mean both things. But an acceptance of contradiction is no excuse for fuzzy thinking. We do have to use our minds as far as they will take us, yet acknowledge that they cannot take us all the way.”
“When I stopped to take a breath, I noticed I had wings.”
“When I think of talking, it is of course with a woman. For talking at its best being an inspiration, it wants a corresponding divine quality of receptiveness, and where will you find this but in a woman?”
“When I visited George Bernard Shaw , in 1948, at his home in Aylot, a suburb of London, he was extremely anxious for me to tell him all that I knew about Ingersoll . During the course of the conversation, he told me that Ingersoll had made a tremendous impression upon him, and had exercised an influence upon him probably greater than that of any other man. He seemed particularly anxious to impress me with the importance of Ingersoll 's influence upon his intellectual endeavors and accomplishments. In view of this admission, what percentage of the greatness of Shaw belongs to Ingersoll ? If Ingersoll 's influence upon so great an intellect as George Bernard Shaw was that extensive, what must have been his influence upon others? What seed of wisdom did he plant into the minds of others, and what accomplishments of theirs should be attributed to him? The world will never know. What about the countless thousands from whom he lifted the clouds of darkness and fear, and who were emancipated from the demoralizing dogmas and creeds of ignorance and superstition? What will be Ingersoll 's influence upon the minds of future generations, who will come under the spell of his magic words, and who will be guided into the channels of human betterment by the unparalleled example of his courageous life? The debt the world owes Robert G. Ingersoll can never be paid.”
“When I want to know a thing, I resort to books and feel strangely exposed without books to fall back on, as though standing on a ledge.”
“When I wanted to know something, I wanted it undistorted by somebody else's imperfect knowledge.”
“When I was a girl, I loved reading. An archaic pastime, I know; the index and download are faster, more efficient, offering superior retention and acquisition of knowledge.”
“When I was broken and shattered. In that strange time, there were only a few books around me, which wrapped me up and set me back on the bright floor of consciousness. The more I advance on this path, the more I get to know the Almighty Allah Az-wa-jal. And this familiarity increases the fear of Almighty Allah in my aching heart.”
“When I was your age, art was a lonely thing: no galleries, no collecting, no critics, no money. We didn't have mentors. We didn't have parents. We were alone. But it was a great time, because we had nothing to lose and a vision to gain.”
“When Solomon started out, he relied upon the wisdom of God but as time progressed and he advanced in age and knowledge, he grew increasingly more distant from God and His wisdom. The dependance on God that once was the hallmark of his life, now changed into dependance upon his own wisdom.”
“When a body is used actively, intensely, it is healthy. When the internal organs are kept intensely active, it has long life.”
“When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness sake. But don't make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion faster than adults, and evasion simply muddles 'em.”
“When a guru gives a guruvak, never judge him saying, ‘maybe this is the reason, that is the reason why he is telling that…’ He has no reason other than taking care of you, liberating you, saving you…”
“When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!’.”
“When all this is over, people will try to blame the Germans alone, and the Germans will try to blame the Nazis alone, and the Nazis will try to blame Hitler alone. They will make him bear the sins of the world. But it's not true. You suspected what was happening, and so did I. It was already too late over a year ago. I caused a reporter to lose his job because you told me to. He was deported. The day I did that I made my little contribution to civilization, the only one that matters.”
“When angels woe for the pittyfullness of a soul, the great diviner of oneself will cease to exist. That’s the mortala purpose of the afterlife.”
“When arguments turn into war, silence can bring peace”
“When did you get so clever?" "When I realized I wasn't as clever as I thought.”
“When every situation which life can offer is turned to the profit of spiritual growth, no situation can really be a bad one.”
“When everyone is on the same page, has a clear understanding of expectations and responsibilities, the best coaching outcomes can occur. Consider stepping away from the big promises, guarantees and claims if they are not backed up on paper and stepping toward those that can highlight and prove themselves ethically, professionally and authentically. ”
“When health is absent, wisdom cannot reveal itself, art cannot manifest, strength cannot fight, wealth becomes useless, and intelligence cannot be applied.”
“When in doubt, choose to live.”
“When information overload strikes again, I reach for a mantra: Knowledge is power. Applied knowledge is powerful.”
“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”
“When it comes to conflict resolution, how to solve conflict be it between couples, family, friends or nations, it is important to remember the 'tree of knowledge': 1) who we really are 2) how we really got here 3) why we are really here. And the answer to these three questions is surprisingly simple. 1) Who we are is (the same) one not wanting to be alone. 2) How we got here is the desire not to be alone. 3) Why we are here is companionship otherwise known as love. Now it is true that we are different, that we have our unique personalities and quirks, that we have our 'other-ness' but the purpose of this 'other-ness' has always been and will forever continue to be 'together-ness'. For all this so self would not feel by itself. For all this so self could experience companionship otherwise known as love. Now. What is there thus to argue about? Now. What is there thus to fight over? Nothing is more absurd than conflict. Ignorance breeds conflict while knowledge breeds peace. So let's step back. Let us breathe. Let us reflect. Let us remember. Let us accept. Let us love.”
“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”
“When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms. When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates. When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit. When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes.”
“When looking at Egyptian temple art, the first thing to realize is that YOU are the King. The King is not some historical figure from the distant past. Also, note how often the King and the Neter they are engaging have similar facial features. This mirroring clarifies that the Neter, the divine element summoned, is both within and outside you.”
“When love and hate are both absent, everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the slightest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth, then hold no opinions for or against anything. To set up what you like against what you dislike is the disease of the mind.”
“When love happens as causeless overflowing, you simply liberate yourself and the other person from your own attachment and possessiveness, because possessiveness as you know it, binds not only the other person but you as well. It tortures the other person as well as you! Real love simply liberates both of you. It gives freedom to you and the other person.”
“When mind exists undisturbed in the Way, nothing in the world can offend, and when a thing can no longer offend it ceases to exist in the old way. When no discriminating thoughts arise, the old mind ceases to exist.”
“When most of the greatest individuals in history were misunderstood and you've spent so much of your own adult life misunderstood, you can't help but believe that the majority of people know very little worth knowing.”
“When on your apology tour, don't allow others to take you on a guilt trip.”
“When one feels oneself smitten by love for a woman, one ought to say to oneself, “What are her surroundings? What has been her life? All one’s future happiness lies in the answer.”
“When one is never invited to speak, one learns instead to observe.”
“When people consult me, it's not that I'm reading the future; I am guessing at the future. The future belongs to God, and it is only he who reveals it, under extraordinary circumstances. How do I guess at the future? Based on the omens of the future. The secret is here in the present. If you pay attention to the present, you can improve upon it. And, if you improve on the present, what comes later will also be better. Forget about the future, and live each day according to the teachings, confident that God loves his children. Each day, in itself, brings with it an eternity.”
“When people say "If I only knew then what I know now" makes me wonder why they aren't using that wisdom now.”
“When people show more they always have less”
“When people try to be able to do everything, they learn to feel like machines.”
“When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.”
“When seeking guidance, trees offer a sense of calm. They stand before us as symbols of patience and wisdom.”
“When someone close to us dies, we get a little closer to death too.”
“When someone is serial pervert, this is not news. News is when an asexual is forced to come… by an invisible neutrino weapon! So it is more probable they'll outcry the asexual than the pervert. Especially if the first (pervert) is famous and the second is famous wannabe (asexual).”
“When someone listens to his heart. Than he Uses a big law of success.”
“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”
“When someone points out something wrong. Instead of correcting it. We are choosing to compare it with other wrong things done before to justify it. That doesn’t make it right either. Instead, we are pointing two wrongs things that had been done that needs to be corrected. If something wrong was done by someone before and they got a way with it. It doesn’t justify you to do the wrong thing to. Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“When something seems wrong in your life, the only way to have resolution with it is to let it go. Trying to make it right keeps it wrong.”
“When the knowledge was available free of cost, then the value of that knowledge was not seen, the wheel of life moved ahead and time left behind, then the value of that knowledge was understood.”
“When the police are messing me around, I take comfort in the knowledge that I will be filing a police internal affairs complaint regarding the incident.”
“When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine”
“When the wisdom speaks, be quite and listen! When the stupidity speaks, stand up and leave!”
“When there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of life only, the spiritual is apt gradually to be lost.”
“When they look towards infinity, almost everyone sees a vast emptiness, but some see the eyes of infinity looking towards them, not emptiness! Wisdom is the name of the transition from being everyone to being some!”
“When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true”
“When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?”
“When two partners always agree, one of them is not necessary." If there is some point you haven't thought about, be thankful if it is brought to your attention.”
“When two wise men are blaming one another, then time has come for you to be the third one.”
“When walking alone in a jungle of true darkness, there are three things that can show you the way: instinct to survive, the knowledge of navigation, creative imagination. Without them, you are lost.”
“When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.”
“When we blend learnings with experience, new understandings emerge.”
“When we choose to stay down, we are in reality confusing wisdom with cowardice. When we choose to stand back up, we are using wisdom to overcome cowardice.”
“When we focus too much on our problems, we forget to note our blessings. We must remember that what we keep thinking about grows and what we tend to ignore disappears.”
“When we free ourselves from the chaos enclosed in the surrounding rigid social structure, we can find peace of mind and still our hunger for knowledge and understanding. If we follow the rhythm of our heartbeat, we can quench our thirst for meaning in life and encounter an array of soothing vibrations of wellbeing. (“A handful of dust”)”
“When we make judgements we're inevitably acting on limited knowledge, isn't it best to ask if we seek to understand, or simply let them be?”
“When we search for "ourselves" in the eyes of others, we have imprisoned our own-selves in believing that our self-worth is nothing unless others validate who we are. Unless we approve of whom we are, what we are, and what we are capable of doing as an individual, only then we will have released "ourselves" from our own imprisonment. We are in charge of our own life's destiny and what we do and become can only be validated by our accomplishments and failures; not by what others may think of us.”
“When we see an obstacle impossible to cross; God makes a path for us if we let Him be boss.”
“When we take the trouble to look at what is unfolding in front of our eyes, we may recognize instances awakening the wisdom slumbering on the fringes of our inner world. If we fuel our imagination, new and old essentials can converge to a dawning awareness. (“I seek you”)”
“When we think of wisdom, we normally conclude that it is to be clever and smart. Knowledge can be described as an understanding (in my mind) of a set of truths or facts, while wisdom is the ability to apply these truths and facts to everyday living, everyday situations and circumstances that will produce a better result or outcome. Wisdom is both practical application of knowledge and illumination of understanding.”
“When we tried to open the lock, we saw that is already open. And the problem we are trying to solve. It may be that there is no problem at all.”
“When we venture in that unfamiliar sea, we trust blindly in those who guide us, believing that they know more than we do.”
“When we walk out of our boundaries, we find out that knowledge is not a completion or a windfall, but a long process of revisions or adjustments. Likewise, we recognize that wisdom results from the painful filtering of experiences we collect on the bumpy path of life. ‘("Loss of benchmarks")”
“When we want something, we have to have a clear purpose in mind for the thing that we want. The only reason for seeking a reward is to know what to do with that reward”
“When we watch worry with awareness, we focus light on exactly how worry is created, how it exists. Once this happens, the Anything that we watch with awareness will dissolve. Worry starts to dissolve and clarity starts happening.”
“When we're young, nothing seems less practical than philosophy; but when we get wiser, we come to realize that nothing is more useful.”
“When we've accumulated so much knowledge inside, we don't have the capacity to digest it. It's like when we eat too much food, we can't digest it and we become constipated.”
“When wiggling through a hole the world looks different than when scrubbed clean by the wiggle and looking back.”
“When writing, there are some scenes that are emotionally overwhelming. They completely overcome the author, and only when they do this can they cause a similar reaction in the reader. Through this, the author gets to experience multiple lives. If a character's life flashes before their eyes, it flashes before the author's eyes too, and he or she remembers it as his or her own. With reading, we get to live other lives vicariously, and this is doubly so with writing. It is like a lucid dream, where we guide the outcome. In this, we don't merely write *about* a character -- we momentarily *become* them, and walk as they walk, think as they think, and do as they do. When we return to our own life, we might return a little shaken, likely a little stronger, hopefully a little wiser. What is certain is that we return better, because experiencing the lives of others makes us understand their aims and dreams, their fears and foils, the challenges and difficulties, and joys and triumphs, that they face. It helps us grow and empathise, and see all the little pictures that make up the bigger one we see from the omniscience of the narrator.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“When you are dead, you do not know you are dead. It's only painful & difficult for others. The same applies when you are stupid.”
“When you are good person and you choose to do bad things, because you see other people doing them. It always ends badly for you. You will suffer the most, feel the pain , get injured & hurt the most. Choose to do what is right for you not what other people are doing.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“When you are posessed by evil spirits, it is crafty manipulations that you follow; but when you are posessed by the Holy Spirit of God, it is wise discretions you pursue!”
“When you are worried about the results, the very worry affects the results. Because when you worry, your doing is affected. Work should always be done out of inspiration, never out of worry.”
“When you ask someone a personal question and they don't know the answer , but they suppose to know the answer. They get offended. People don't say they don't know .When it comes to personal questions.”
“When you assume you make a you-know-what out of U and me. Yep, so let's stop assuming so much. We are often quick to explain details to strangers, who we understand might not be reading our minds, but we often assume that those people closest to us, those who share our household such as spouses, children parents and siblings, can read our minds. And we get upset with them when they don't go figure. I wonder how many angry words are directed not at an action or inaction as would at first appear, but simply at the fact that somebody did not read our minds. So let's give those people we care most about the benefit of the doubt and do a little less assuming and a little more explaining.”
“When you attain the highest wisdom, you will disappear physically because people will start seeing only your ideas and thinking about only your wisdom; you will die physically and you will turn into an empty chair full of universe simply!”
“When you can't get what you want, get what you need”
“When you come to see you are not as wise today as you thought you were yesterday, you are wiser today.”
“When you convince yourself, when you click with the idea that you are larger than what you imagine as you, you will feel so energetic, healthy, wealthy, you will know , ‘aye.. I am not just a doctor, I am a healer with a mission to heal. I am not just a teacher, I am an educator with a mission to educate.’ Make yourself larger than what society taught you.”
“When you decide to become sanyasi, everyday drinking neem juice is compulsory because it removes all parasites from your bio memory and muscle memory which triggers lusty, fantasy visualization.”
“When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be.”
“When you face reality, give other realities you're yet to know a chance to reach your mind.”
“When you feel life at crossroads, you need higher perspective view.”
“When you feel life is positive, you are excited, inspired, joyful, energetic; you feel life is free will and even the sky is not the limit! You feel full of energy, enthusiasm, excitement and you feel everyone is good. You do all good to you but praise that everyone is doing good to you!”
“When you ferment love in you, creation manifests in you. You become larger than what you always thought. When you ferment bliss, sustenance happens. When you ferment ferociousness, rejuvenation happens.When you ferment powerful cognitions you are pulled out of delusion the throbhava energy happens in you.When you allow the guru bhakti - devotion, or initiation to ferment in you, liberation happens.”
“When you go deep in knowledge, you're not actually going deep, you are climbing up.”
“When you have a choice, take your time and make the right choice because if you make the wrong choice, you will have no choice.”
“When you have a good knowledge about God, you will acknowledge Him in your life.”
“When you have good knowledge of God, you will acknowledge Him in your life.”
“When you have knowledge as your guiding lamp you are less prone to misguidance and wrong guidance. Knowledge opens the door to light and darkness so one chooses right and wrong.”
“When you have wisdom that another person knows that he needs, you give it freely. But when the other person doesn't yet know that he needs your wisdom you keep it to yourself. Food only looks good to a hungry man.”
“When you know the knower within, you don't need to know further. When you know the meditator within, you don't need to meditate further. When you truly know the worshiper in you, you are to be worshiped.”
“When you listen to guruvak, not only you escape from all suffocation, side effects, after effects, you are showered by all auspiciousness.”
“When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afterlife. [ The New York Times interview, 2000 ]”
“When you lose your ego, you win. It really is that simple.”
“When you make a choice, you change the future.”
“When you make your creation as a mission, you will be showered with wealth and till the end you will have everything for you. Make life as a mission by your love about what you are doing.”
“When you optimize your talents very well, you can pick money from people's pockets and nobody will ever get the guts to call you a thief.”
“When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership”
“When you reach the end of what you should know, you will be at the beginning of what you should sense.”
“When you read someone's authored book, you acquire the wisdom of the author without having to gain personal exposure to the knowledge. This means that your mind can mature faster than your age.”
“When you rely on people, you seek limited sources of wisdom when all wisdom flows from God, who freely gives it to those who ask.”
“When you see what is as it is, you are in heaven. When you want to see what you want to see, you are in hell. If you understand that everything is auspiciousness, you will drop expectation and see things as they are, because everything is auspiciousness.”
“When you sit unclutched, you will see clearly: paramashiva is inside, this kailasa is your body, your heart is parashakti, your gut is mahaganapati, your lungs is nandi, all his parivara devatas are your internal organs. The independent intelligence, consciousness with which he operates this whole kailasa is one team.”
“When you start possessing someone, you bind yourself also. If you are walking holding your dog’s leash, be very clear that you are also bound. Don’t think only the dog is bound; you are also bound. Don’t think that only the dog cannot run away, you too cannot run away! You may be thinking that you are holding the rope and the dog may be thinking that he is holding the rope. Who knows?”
“When you stop using social media you will realise how much time you have wasted using social media”
“When you understand the value of time you will realise what you have lost in this world.”
“When you understand why you were born, you can handle whatever comes your way. You stop running from your past, from your pain, and from your mistakes.”
“When you use the body intensely and actively, you'll become energetic. The more you use the body, the more you become healthy.”
“When you walk, walk together.”
“When you want something with all of your heart, that's when you are closest to the Soul of the World. It's always a positive force.”
“When you wish for more time but don't get it, it indicates an imbalance somewhere.”
“When you're in a Slump, you're not in for much fun. Un-slumping yourself is not easily done.”
“When you've learned to laugh at the things that should be laughed at, and not to laugh at those that shouldn't, you've got wisdom and understanding.”
“When your circle of compassion embraces the entire world, then you will find enlightenment.”
“When your tears become invisible, disappear”
“Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.”
“Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.”
“Whenever ego suffers from fear of death & your practice turns to seeing impermanence, ego settles down.”
“Whenever we have any experience, we interpret the experience. We interpret every observation. We then insert our interpretations of our experiences into our worldviews. We accumulate interpretations of experiences in our worldviews. Our worldviews seem like reality, but they aren’t real. We could call our worldviews “worldly wisdom.” They aren’t the wisdom that God imparts, but God speaks to us about His wisdom as compared to worldly wisdom.”
“Whenever we look around the world, we see smart leaders – in politics, in business, in media – making terrible decisions. What they're lacking is not IQ, but wisdom. Which is no surprise; it has never been harder to tap into our inner wisdom, because in order to do so, we have to disconnect from all our omnipresent devices – our gadgets, our screens, our social media – and reconnect with ourselves.”
“Whenever we talk about darkness and light, the terms seem so abstract that many consider the answers to be found in meditation and yoga, but I’m here to tell you that the answers are in the books you will never read, waiting all your life in the libraries you ignored and the bookstores you didn’t visit. I’m here to tell you as well that you are your own Satan and evil can’t possibly interfere more in your life than what you’re already doing to yourself by remaining ignorant. Until you choose the light, darkness is your personal choice, and there’s no reason to feel any empathy for you.”
“Whenever you feel stuck and feel that something is not moving, you are feeling frustrated, irritated, angry, people are not listening to you, loan is not happening, health is not happening, anything, just sit and think what are the ways the dosage of love can be added into that situation, that's it!”
“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).”
“Where are you? Here What time is it? Now What are you? This moment.”
“Where ignorance is bliss, 'Tis folly to be wise. - Ode on a Distant Prospect of Eton College ”
“Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination”
“Where is the truth then? Where does truth exist, behind the lie, within the lie? Is truth that which we seek to know or that which we avoid knowing?”
“Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?”
“Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.”
“Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.”
“Where wisdom reigns, there is no conflict between thinking and feeling.”
“Where you have to bow down you must learn, sometimes you need to act like a clever fox, coz the fox is not actually afraid of the roar of a lion all the time.”
“Whereas a novice makes moves until he gets checkmated (proof), a Grand Master realizes 20 moves in advance that it’s futile to continue playing (conceptualizing).”
“Whereas many people just accept the ready-made answers provided by the powers that be, spiritual seekers are not so easily satisfied. They are determined to follow the big question wherever it leads, and not just to places you know well or wish to visit.”
“Wherever I go, I meet myself.”
“Wherever you are, however you got there, if it's good, you're meant to be there either because you earned it or life led you there and you were smart enough to hold on.”
“Whether my work as a healer to heal people from diseases, or my work as a teacher to teach all these great sciences to people, or my work as a guru initiating all of you into this superconscious breakthrough, or my role as an incarnation to shower boons, experiences, blessings, enlightenment, everything on all of you, I can play all my roles with such excitement, tirelessly, because I can see the world as it is, reality as it is.”
“Whether we walk among our people or alone among the hills, happiness in life's walking depends on how we feel about others in our hearts.”
“Which do you think is more valuable to humanity? a. Finding ways to tell humans that they have free will despite the incontrovertible fact that their actions are completely dictated by the laws of physics as instantiated in our bodies, brains and environments? That is, engaging in the honored philosophical practice of showing that our notion of "free will" can be compatible with determinism? or b. Telling people, based on our scientific knowledge of physics, neurology, and behavior, that our actions are predetermined rather than dictated by some ghost in our brains, and then sussing out the consequences of that conclusion and applying them to society? Of course my answer is b).”
“While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.”
“While focusing on the present moment, we soothe our minds and construe our intuition and inner wisdom. Our mindfulness allows us to access lower levels of awareness and gain insight into our reflections and emotions. At the same time, it lessens overthinking and anxiety. (“The infinite Wisdom of Meditation“)”
“While it is true that most people never see or understand the difference they make, or sometimes only imagine their actions having a tiny effect, every single action a person takes has far-reaching consequences.”
“While motherhood and warship were associated with Parvati and Durga, Tantra was associated to Kali, food and agriculture to Annapurna, knowledge and education to Saraswati and, of course, luck and money to Lakshmi.”
“While one is young is the time to investigate, to experiment with everything. The school should help its young people to discover their vocations and responsibilities, and not merely cram their minds with facts and technical knowledge; it should be the soil in which they can grow without fear, happily and integrally.”
“While the imperial university continues to pay lip service to letting the subaltern speak, make no mistake: the subalterns have never been silent. They have always been thinking, writing, doing, and sensing. The problem has always been with the shortsightedness and racism of the colonizers and the imperial spaces where certain knowledge gets produced and promoted, while other knowledge gets silenced, mutilated, and buried under the rubble of indifference and arrogance.”
“While the technosphere concept stresses that most humans lack the potential to influence the behavior of large technological systems, the ergosphere concept makes this possibility dependent on the existence of appropriate social and political structures and knowledge systems, and also on the individual perspectives of human actors. One cause for hope is that a knowledge economy produces and distributes not only the knowledge needs for its functioning (and often less) but, to varying degrees, an excess of knowledge (an 'epistemic spillover') that may trigger unexpected developments. Humans must certainly maintain and preserve their tools, technologies, and infrastructures, but they also change them with each implementation. The material world of the ergosphere consists of borderline objects between nature and culture that may trigger innovations as well as unpredictable consequences. The ergosphere has a plasticity and porousness in which materials and functions are not so tightly interwoven as to exclude the repurposing of existing tools for new applications. In principle, each aspect of the ergosphere can be transformed from an end into a means, which is then available to emerging intentions and functions. Repurposing a given tool is, however, a double-edged sword - it may have disastrous consequences. Thus, the responsibility for using and developing technical systems must always be assumed anew.”
“While they prefer to avoid cracks and flaws, many choose to recalibrate their lives, weigh, and assess what they perceive. Distrusting vague descriptions and suspecting “loose ends,” they seek to measure the world. Precision and transparency are their passion that can help balance their thoughts and still their mind. Measuring is knowing, and the right measurement offers them knowledge and inner peace. (“Measuring space”)”
“While we can learn or study techniques for almost anything we might want to accomplish, real understanding is not the mere accumulation of knowledge. Understanding cannot be realized by listening or reading about the realization of others. It must be achieved firsthand via substantive, direct perception in the moment.”
“While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.”
“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
“White hair is indication of growing age not necessarily growing wisdom.”
“Who can tell truth from falsehood any more? I say it, and you feel it in your hearts: no man or woman on this big small earth. How should our sages miss the mark of life, and our most skillful players lose the game? your hearts will tell you, as my heart has told me: because all know, and no one understands.”
“Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.”
“Who ignores not weak foe, with intellect waits for his opportunity, Who displays in season ability, with the stronger desires no hostility; Grieves not in calamity, applying all senses, patiently bearing misery, Is wise – foremost of persons and all his foes but vanquished do be. [98]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.”
“Who knoweth if to die be but to live, and that called life by mortals be but death?”
“Who make not friends with sinful, lives not away from hope futilely, Who outrages not another's wife and betrays not arrogance surely; Who never commits any theft or never shows ingratitude certainly, And never indulges in drinking is a person who is always happy. [99]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Who strive not for objects unattainable, grieve not for what lost and gone be, Who suffer not mind clouded amid mishap, have intellect with wisdom truly. [26]	- 33 Mahatma Vidur”
“Who was to know what went on in a person's heart? A wise woman kept her own counsel.”
“Who we are is one not wanting to be alone. Why we are is companionship, friendship, love.”
“Who would set a limit to the mind? Who would dare assert that we know all there is to be known?”
“Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.”
“Whoever desire perfect knowledge, shall study the holy Scriptures.”
“Whoever has received knowledge and eloquence in speech from God should not be silent or secretive but demonstrate it willingly. When a great good is widely heard of, then, and only then, does it bloom, and when that good is praised by man, it has spread its blossoms.”
“Whoever lost the truth has lost him/her self. ”
“Whoever possessed knowledge not only had power over the changeable passions of people, but also power over their thinking, over their minds, hearts and souls.”
“Whoever sincerely seeks Christ receives Christ, and Christ reveals truth.”
“Whoever treads a path seeking knowledge, Allah will make easy for him the path to Paradise." (reported by Ibn Majah and others, fulfilling the conditions of Imam al Bukhari and Imam Muslim)”
“Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods." [Preface to Brissot's Address to His Constituents (1794)]”
“Whoever wants the "I" to yield up its mysterious and tremendous secret must stop it from looking perpetually in the mirror, must stop the little ego's fascination with its own image.”
“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
“Why are you fighting me, to accept you the way you are ? When you are faking, acting and pretending the way you are to me.”
“Why bother reading? Why not just download all the known knowledge directly into your brain? Let Elon Musk implant a chip through your skull and get a year's subscription to heated seats in your Tesla for FREE.”
“Why covet a knowledge of new facts? Day and night, house and garden, a few books, a few actions, serve us as well as would all trades and all spectacles. We are far from having exhausted the significance of the few symbols we use. We can come to use them yet with a terrible simplicity.”
“Why do we have to listen to our hearts? the boy asked, when they had made camp that day. Because, wherever your heart is, that is where you'll find your treasure.”
“Why do you allow yourself to be troubled by those who have not your knowledge?”
“Why hold on to mindful insanity if you can live sanely human?”
“Why is it that the finish line always tends to appear just after the point at which we most want to give up? Is it the universe’s way of reserving the best for those who can give the most? What I do know, from nature, is that the dawn only appears after the darkest hour.”
“Why is it that we don’t worry about a compass until we’re lost in a wilderness of our own making?”
“Why is wisdom so fair? Why is beauty so wise? Because all else is temporary, while beauty and wisdom are the only real and constant aspects of truth that can be perceived by human means. And I don't mean the kind of surface beauty that fades with age, or the sort of shallow wisdom that gets lost in platitudes. True beauty grips your gut and squeezes your lungs, and makes you see with utmost clarity exactly what is before you. True wisdom then steps in, to interpret, illuminate, and form a life-altering insight.”
“Why should I laugh?' asked the old man. 'Madness in youth is true wisdom. Go, young man, follow your dream, and if you do not find the happiness that you seek, at any rate you will have had the happiness of seeking it.”
“Why should we place Christ at the top and summit of the human race? Was he kinder, more forgiving, more self-sacrificing than Buddha ? Was he wiser, did he meet death with more perfect calmness, than Socrates ? Was he more patient, more charitable, than Epictetus ? Was he a greater philosopher, a deeper thinker, than Epicurus ? In what respect was he the superior of Zoroaster ? Was he gentler than Lao-tsze , more universal than Confucius ? Were his ideas of human rights and duties superior to those of Zeno ? Did he express grander truths than Cicero ? Was his mind subtler than Spinoza ’s? Was his brain equal to Kepler ’s or Newton ’s? Was he grander in death – a sublimer martyr than Bruno ? Was he in intelligence, in the force and beauty of expression, in breadth and scope of thought, in wealth of illustration, in aptness of comparison, in knowledge of the human brain and heart, of all passions, hopes and fears, the equal of Shakespeare , the greatest of the human race?”
“Why should you want to give up a child's wise not-understanding in exchange for defensiveness and scorn, since not-understanding is, after all, a way of being alone, whereas defensiveness and scorn are a participation in precisely what, by these means, you want to separate yourself from.”
“Why so much grief for me? No man will hurl me down to Death, against my fate. And fate? No one alive has ever escaped it, neither brave man nor coward, I tell you - it’s born with us the day that we are born.”
“Wilderness gave us knowledge. Wilderness made us human. We came from here. Perhaps that is why so many of us feel a strong bond to this land called Serengeti; it is the land of our youth.”
“Will we follow God or human intellect? Will we worship God or human intellect? Will we listen to God or human intellect? Which one will we bow to?”
“Wind is renewable. Turbines are not.”
“Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.”
“Wisdom . comes not from age, but from education and learning.”
“Wisdom ain't a virtue I ever aspired to.”
“Wisdom and worldview are shaped by the instructor which is called experience. The only way to develop as a person is to learn from your mistakes and grow from the experience.”
“Wisdom arrives from experience, collected over many years of living, it accumulates and situates itself in the weathered hands and faces of those who have amassed it over their arduous decades of existence. It presents itself in the wrinkles of a forehead, in droopy cheeks and deep within the iris of smoldering, sunken eyes. Wisdom shows itself in the very thing we fear the most, age.”
“Wisdom becomes flawed when knowledge is in the wrong hands.”
“Wisdom can be gathered on your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. Of course, bad information is gathered in your downtime too. Bad information that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. One of wisdom's greatest benefits, is accurate discernment- the learned ability to immediately tell right from wrong. Good from evil. Acceptable from unacceptable. Time well spent from time wasted. The right decision from the wrong decision. And many times this is simply a matter of having the correct perspective. One way to define wisdom is THE ABILITY TO SEE, INTO THE FUTURE, THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR CHOICES IN THE PRESENT. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like  with a degree of intelligence and a hint of wisdom, most people can tell the difference between good and bad. However, it takes a truly wise person to discern the oh-so-thin line between good and best. And that line [gives you the] perspective that allows you to see clearly the long-term consequences of your choices. ”
“Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else   Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”
“Wisdom cannot be stolen - it can only be shared.”
“Wisdom carries the burden within, knowledge is more procurable”
“Wisdom comes alone through suffering.”
“Wisdom comes from reflection.”
“Wisdom comes through suffering. Trouble, with its memories of pain, Drips in our hearts as we try to sleep, So men against their will Learn to practice moderation. Favours come to us from gods.”
“Wisdom depends on knowledge but the presence of knowledge may not necessarily mean the presence of wisdom.”
“Wisdom does not make me full. It fills me with hunger.”
“Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age.Nothing does --- except wrinkles.It's true,some wines improves with age.But only if the grapes were good in the first place”
“Wisdom is being able to act rightfully, beyond the realm of knowledge.”
“Wisdom is being able to see the world for what it is, rather than what you want it to be.”
“Wisdom is better found in the quiet. Tree meditations dull the noises of society.”
“Wisdom is for the meek,' he returns. 'And it seldom helps them as much as they believe it will. After all, as wise as you are, you still married Locke. Of course, perhaps you are wiser than even that- perhaps you're so wise you made yourself a widow, too.”
“Wisdom is found in nature only by mining a lot of rock.”
“Wisdom is having things right in your life and knowing why.”
“Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".”
“Wisdom is justified by all her children. Luke 7:35”
“Wisdom is knowing I am nothing, Love is knowing I am everything, and between the two my life moves.”
“Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and Virtue is doing it.”
“Wisdom is like a big tree that shelters all birds of the air and provides shade to all animals of the wilderness. The wise person is a treasure to the nations and adds value to the land.”
“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.”
“Wisdom is not having God's perspective of the whole matter before us, but having God's perspective about what next response will honor Him while keeping us still usable to Him.”
“Wisdom is not increased by acquiring more information, but by increasing the capacity of seeing.”
“Wisdom is not lofty. Instead, it is simply the dogged determination to apply what we know despite the fact that we may not like what we know.”
“Wisdom is not to know much, but to know who knows  (1993)”
“Wisdom is nothing more than confirmed imagination: just because one did not study for his exam does not mean that he should leave it blank.”
“Wisdom is nothing more than the marriage of intelligence and compassion. And, as with all good unions, it takes much experience and time to reach its widest potential. Have you introduced your intellect to your compassion yet? Be careful; lately, intellect has taken to eating in front of the TV and compassion has taken in too many cats.”
“Wisdom is that particular emergence from your own spontaneity of an identification with what you know of the universe around you.”
“Wisdom is the daughter of experience”
“Wisdom is the hand that fits inside the glove of knowledge.”
“Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things.”
“Wisdom is the recovery of innocence at the far end of experience.”
“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”
“Wisdom is what you gain when realizing what the consequences are.”
“Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.”
“Wisdom lies in voluntary finitude and a timely change of heart: until maturity, multiplying the inclusions, up to the limit of natural faculty and moral harmony; afterwards, gladly relinquishing zone after zone of vegetation, and letting the snow-peak of integrity rise to what height it may.”
“Wisdom mitigates the risk of being honest.”
“Wisdom most of the time takes form of advice. ”
“Wisdom must yield to superstition's rules, Who arms with bigot zeal the hand of fools.”
“Wisdom or enlightenment is not white, black or brown – it’s not christian, muslim, jew, hindu or atheist – it’s not homosexual or heterosexual – it’s not reductionist, empirical or sentimental – it’s not belief or disbelief. True enlightenment or wisdom or understanding or insight, whatever we call it, is beyond all opposites – it‘s beyond materialism and spiritualism – it’s beyond atheism and theism – it’s beyond all intellectualism and cynicism.”
“Wisdom recognises the value of being wholesome. Wholesomeness is about acting towards achieving well-being in every aspect of our life and contributing from that intention to the people around us and to the world we live in.”
“Wisdom recognises wholeness and the value of being wholesome. With wisdom, we recognise that wholeness is not a state to be attained but a way of being.”
“Wisdom requires a flexible mind.”
“Wisdom says we are nothing. Love says we are everything. Between these two our life flows.”
“Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one's awareness of one's ignorance.”
“Wisdom with an inheritance is good, but wisdom without an inheritance is better than an inheritance without wisdom.”
“Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of man.”
“Wisdom, itself, is often an abstraction associated not with fact or reality but with the man who asserts it and the manner of its assertion.”
“Wisdom. . .is knowing what you have to accept.”
“Wisdom’s Pearl doth often dwell Closed in Fancy’s rainbow shell”
“Wise individuals frequently say very little, but what they do say hits the mark. Such remarks often remain in the mind of the recipient for a long time, possibly a lifetime.”
“Wise is the one who knows to be fool, Fools are those who identify as intellectual.”
“Wise leaders share their knowledge and acknowledge what they do not know, so they can also learn and grow.”
“Wise men are not pacifists; they are merely less likely to jump up and retaliate against their antagonizers. They know that needless antagonizers are virtually already insecure enough.”
“Wise men enrich their wisdom through conscious observation. They grasp the useful information from major happenings of their life.”
“Wise men profit more by fools than fools by wise men.”
“Wise men speak only of what they know”
“Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something.”
“Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.”
“Wise random strangers at bars are modern-day Oracles of Delphi, except drunk and sometimes leaving abruptly when it's their turn for karaoke.”
“Wise rulers and competent generals are able to strike, conquer, and achieve results beyond the ordinary due to advance knowledge.”
“Wise will protect your knowledge, fools will vanish it.”
“Wise wisdom is the Holy word of God.”
“Wise? No, I simply learned to think.”
“Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.”
“Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.”
“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in the urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in this urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
“With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.”
“With diligent determination, let's pursue the knowledge of LORD God.”
“With every breath you take, a tiny particle of water is present in the heart, the female and male characters in the body are within 50 to 85 percent of the water! There is a lot of water with all the elements in this whole vast universe! Men and women who are afraid of disease and death will be involved in regular recitation of mantras as a result of this. There is an opportunity to associate with wise Guru. As a result, religion means work, salvation, health, life, and many paths of life. Wise Guru should keep on doing virtuous, religious deeds. The life of fire is also Shreeom, and the seed of water breath is also Shreeom. The living creatures life is also Shreeom, religious, spiritual, ascetic saint, Pandit, Guru, female and male personality's soul is also Shreeom and Karma Yogis's soul is also Shreeom. Shreeom's dearest love or natures are Mahalakshmi, Pratipriti Vaishnavi Kamala and Bhavani. Those who think that the soul is the killer of the soul and those who think that the soul dies with the body not understand life properly because the soul is immortal and the soul does not kill anyone and the soul is immortal in every Era because the soul is the embodiment of the Lord, teacher of God and his power and the Sun, the Guru, the Divine God. The sweet fragrance of the earth is Shreeom, the happiness, peace, prosperity, joy, success is Shreeom. Shreeom love the most to the social workers, donation givers, knowledgeable Sadhus, Sant, Pandits, helpful ladies and gentlemen, simultaneously positive approach humanitarian and protector of Dharma.:- Shreeom”
“With every part you act, there must be a little of yourself in it. If there isn't, it's not acting. It's lying.”
“With greater knowledge came greater curiosity.”
“With his body pressed to hers there is no sense of an ending, but of moments in which a part of his self is given, ceaselessly. For this woman he would be born a thousand times; endure a thousand agonising births. He would be happy to exist as her lover and nothing besides. ”
“With infinite wisdom and care your life is constantly sustained because Nature flows through you.”
“With knowledge being universally accessible, there will be no excuses for non-performance.”
“With real love, there will be no domination or power play in relationships. Each person will be like a beautiful flower that has blossomed to radiate its unique fragrance, that’s all.”
“With wisdom, we recognise that our employees, members, owners, customers, shareholders, suppliers, creditors, society and other stakeholders are after all people just like us. All of them are seeking this wholeness through so many endeavours, ideas, activities, relationships, etc. Recognising this universal fact allows us to respond with compassion.”
“With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly. Finding the words is another step in learning to see.”
“Without (the knowledge and application of) administration, you will waste your days. ”
“Without Christ, the human mind resorts to made-up stuff for reason.”
“Without Christ, we can’t rationally reason beyond what we can observe.”
“Without a spiritual wakefulness to divine purposes and connections in all things, we will not know things for what they truly are.”
“Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex-toy.”
“Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.”
“Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?”
“Without knowledge good intentions are good for nothing.”
“Without knowledge of what I am and why I am here, it is impossible to live, and since I cannot know that, I cannot live either. In an infinity of time, in an infinity of matter, and an infinity of space a bubble-organism emerges while will exist for a little time and then burst, and that bubble am I.”
“Without living the most chaotic internal storms, you can’t get the calmness of the wisdom! Wisdom is the child of the storm.”
“Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?”
“Without sensibility no object would be given to us, without understanding no object would be thought. Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind. It is, therefore, just as necessary to make our concepts sensible, that is, to add the object to them in intuition, as to make our intuitions intelligible, that is, to bring them under concepts. These two powers or capacities cannot exchange their functions. The understanding can intuit nothing, the senses can think nothing. Only through their union can knowledge arise. But that is no reason for confounding the contribution of either with that of the other; rather is it a strong reason for carefully separating and distinguishing the one from the other. We therefore distinguish the science of the rules of sensibility in general, that is, aesthetic, from the science of the rules of the understanding in general, that is, logic.”
“Without the absolute truth, to know the truth value of our own existence is beyond our strengths/limits/possibilities. ”
“Without the opinion of an expert there's no such thing as certainty.”
“Without understanding your abilities, you cannot understand yourself. If you think that scorning another person's talent makes you a better person, I have some unfavorable news for you, it doesn't. Like a wrecked bridge, you collapse under the weight of crushed opponents who adhere to the same distorted ideology.”
“Without warmth, truth does more harm than good.”
“Wolf's wool is the best wool, but it cannot be sheared, because the wolf will not comply. With knowledge as with wolves' surliness, the student studies voluntarily, refusing to be less than individual. He "gives his opinion and then rests upon it"; he renders service when there is no reward, and is too reclusive for some things to seem to touch him; not because he has no feeling but because he has so much.”
“Women are something great and magnificent in the sight of God  so we should not neglect our female children, we should respect them, because these girls will grow up to become the women who raise and train mankind tomorrow - Shaykh Ibrahim Nissse, Senegal”
“Women are something great and magnificent in the sight of God  so we should not neglect our female children, we should respect them, because these girls will grow up to become the women who raise and train mankind tomorrow.”
“Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.”
“Women may fall when there's no strength in men. Act II”
“Women particularly should concern themselves with peace because men by nature are more foolhardy and headstrong, and their overwhelming desire to avenge themselves prevents them from foreseeing the resulting dangers and terrors of war. But woman by nature is more gentle and circumspect. Therefore, if she has sufficient will and wisdom she can provide the best possible means to pacify man.”
“Women were created gullible. It they weren't no babies would be born.”
“Women's liberation is one thing, but the permeation of anti-male sentiment in post-modern popular culture - from our mocking sitcom plots to degrading commercial story lines - stands testament to the ignorance of society. Fair or not, as the lead gender that never requested such a role, the historical male reputation is quite balanced. For all of their perceived wrongs, over centuries they've moved entire civilizations forward, nurtured the human quest for discovery and industry, and led humankind from inconvenient darkness to convenient modernity. Navigating the chessboard that is human existence is quite a feat, yet one rarely acknowledged in modern academia or media. And yet for those monumental achievements, I love and admire the balanced creation that is man for all his strengths and weaknesses, his gifts and his curses. I would venture to say that most wise women do.”
“Wonder and knowledge are both to be cherished.”
“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom in learning from books as well as from nature.”
“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.”
“Words are powerful forces of nature. they are destruction. they are nourishment. they are flesh. they are water. they are flowers and bone. they burn. they cleanse they erase. they etch. they can either leave you feeling homeless or brimming with home.”
“Words can reach and help more people than any amount of money can.”
“Words define us,' Mom continued, as I struggled to make my clumsy marks look like her elegant script. 'We must protect our knowledge and pass it on whenever we can. If we are ever to become a society again, we must teach others how to remain human.”
“Words of Wisdom (wow): Be Still. Let Go.Flow.Breathe.Believe.Allow.Grow.Align.Be the Light.Be Awake.Be Aware.Anticipate.Participate.Embrace Change.Take that Chance.Love.You Are Loved.Rise to the Occasion.Fuel your Motivation & make the world become a better place ☯”
“Words rich in meaning can be cheap in sound effects.”
“Words spoken by the dead, are louder than those spoken by the living.”
“Work with the timing of the moon phases. It’s an easy cheat code.”
“Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have”
“Worry is an unwanted legacy passed down from grandparents to parents to children. Children are like sponges. They simply absorb the body language and attitude of the parents. The parents are not even aware this is happening. For example, if a child hears the mother repeating a certain worry four or five times, the child simply internalizes the habit.He grows up repeating statements unnecessarily, which is one attribute of worry.”
“Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.”
“Would the world ever have been made if its maker had been afraid of making trouble? Making life means making trouble. Theres only one way of escaping trouble; and thats killing things. Cowards, you notice, are always shrieking to have troublesome people killed.”
“Would you like to know your future? If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator. So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
“Would you say you are number one to everyone? Would you say that to another that is an equal in your field, or to one that you look up and have learned from? If not, why shift your message just to sell and hype.”
“Write what you know. That should leave you with a lot of free time.”
“Writers only come to know explicitly what every man who has ever had to be a man understands implicitly. That life is complicated. That you should try to help others when you can. That you shouldn’t contribute to anyone’s suffering. That death is inevitable. That the only true wisdom lies in knowing how useless your wisdom is.”
“Writing about the unholy is one way of writing about what is sacred. ”
“Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something…”
“Yeah. Floyd is his batman." His what?" Batman, like in the British army, each officer had a batman, a personal servant." You spend too much time reading, Spenser. You know more stuff that don't make you money than anybody I know.”
“Yeah. I mean, acknowledging is easy. Something happened or it didn't. But understanding  that's where things get sticky.”
“Yearn more to learn more, so you can earn more.”
“Yes - en I's rich now, come to look at it. I owns myself, en I's wuth eight hund'd dollars. I wisht I had de money, I wouldn' want no mo'.”
“Yes, Kālāmas, it is proper that your have doubt, that you have perplexity, for a doubt has arisen in a matter which is doubtful. Now, look you Kālāmas, do not be led by reports, or traditions, or hearsay. Be not led by the authority of religious texts, not by the delight in speculative opinions, nor by seeming possibilities, not by the idea: 'this is our teacher'. But, O Kālāmas, when you know for yourself that certain things are unwholesome, and wrong, and bad, then give them up  And when you know for yourself that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them.”
“Yes, he had made a good choice after all when he had chosen the God of the green pasture and the still waters! He was very powerful, and the fact that He expected you to think for yourself and do something in return for His help did not matter, as long as you could work things out.”
“Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.”
“Yesterday I was clever, That is why I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, That is why I am changing myself.”
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”
“Yesterday, she said, referring to the collective past of her tribe, the people of these forests knew the secret. They made the finest silk thread from the cocoon of a beautiful sleeping butterfly. The women reeled the silk thread on the spinning wheel, slowly and gently. Such delicate work it was, that the silk remembered, at last, the moth which had created it. And the women were awed at the silver shine of the silk produced. If the silk is so divine, they thought, what must be the beauty of the butterfly waiting to be born? They stopped breaking the cocoons and looked for the crimson wings of the butterflies emerging from the torn nests of raw silk. The sight took them aback. They became sages and storytellers. My mother’s mother was one of them.”
“Yet we must know, if only in order to learn not to known. The supreme lesson of human consciousness is to learn how not to know. That is, how not to interfere. That is, how to live dynamically, from the great Source, and not statically, like machines driven by ideas and principles from the head, or automatically from one fixed desire. At last, knowledge must be put into its true place in the living activity of man. And we must know deeply, in order to do that.”
“Yet what keeps me from dissolving right now into a complete fairy-tale shimmer is this solid truth, a truth which has veritably built my bones over the last few years--I was not rescued by a prince; I was the administrator of my own rescue.”
“Yoga is the cessation of the movements of the mind. Then there is abiding in the Seer's own form.”
“You Know what none of us know until we have died. You were dead in the beginning.”
“You Who'd be Wise" from "Ben Mishle" written sometime between 1013 and 1050 C.E. You who'd be wise should inquire into the nature of justice and evil from your teachers, seekers like yourself, and the students who question your answer.”
“You always allow your perception about reality to impact your experience about yourself. That is what I call powerlessness. Instead, allowing your perception, experience about yourself, to impact your perception, is what I call powerfulness, power manifestation.”
“You always know the truth, because when you cut yourself or someone else with it, there’s always a bloody show.”
“You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.”
“You are an explorer, and you represent our species, and the greatest good you can do is to bring back a new idea, because our world is endangered by the absence of good ideas. Our world is in crisis because of the absence of consciousness.”
“You are as much able as you know”
“You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated. Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.”
“You are each born with the conscious knowledge of what has come before. Your brain is far from an empty slate, waiting for the first imprint of experience; it is already equipped with complete "equations", telling you who you are and where you have come from. Nor do you wipe that slate clean, symbolically speaking, before you write your life upon it. Instead, you draw upon what has gone before: the experiences of your ancestors, back through time immemorial.”
“You are going to find that buying the car is much less satisfying than working for it.”
“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
“You are joy, looking for a way to express. It's not just that your purpose is joy, it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager. That's who you are.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“You are not a living mechanism, you are a living organism.”
“You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.”
“You are not living soft life if you are using other people's things and money.”
“You are not truly educated if you only study what others make you study.”
“You are not what you are; You are darkness Looking for light within.”
“You are the magician with alchemical powers and this comes with the ability to control, transmute, and maneuver elements. Basically what I'm conveying is that you are the master over your anger, your life, the way you go about these goals with your emotions, and what you create with them.”
“You are the most important investment in your empire. If you don't keep learning you wont keep earning.”
“You are unwilling to pay that price, even knowing that the consolation prize is not only to learn every philosophy that has ever existed, but ones which have not yet been conceived? Even knowing that if you do not accept, you will soon cease to learn anything at all?" Raimund tilted his head, still staring into my eyes, and I knew he must see the tears filling them, though I held them back from falling. "My friend," he whispered, "do you really believe your own words, I wonder? Your pain makes me think you know that death is not the end of learning, but only the beginning.”
“You are weeping, child," the old man said as he rested a companionable hand on her shoulder. "So I am," she agreed. But this time she let the tears fall. "Truly, there is more to you than I first saw." He regarded the burning stone with a frown as light flickered along its length and began to die. "I can only see through the gateways using the power of blood. Yet you can simply look, and thereby see." Startled, she turned on him. "I thought you were a great sorcerer. Can't you teach me everything I need to know?" He smiled at her and walked away, but he was only going to sit on his bench of rock. He picked up the rope and began to twist the strands against his thigh. "In the end, only one person can teach you everything you need to know, and that is your own self. If you wish to learn with me, you must be patient. Now." He gestured toward the burning stone. "You must make your choice - there or here. The gateway is closing." The flames flickered lower until they rippled like a sheen of water trembling along the surface of the stone. She was still weeping, gentle tears that slid down her cheeks. "Ai, Lady! What must I do? How can I leave them?" Yet she had known all along that it might come to this. She could never regret the choice she has made before and, knowing what she had known then, she would make the same choice again: to return to Sanglant. But she knew a lot more now. Now she know who her enemies were.”
“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
“You attract poverty when you lack value for time”
“You believe me wise because I taught you once, but I have not been north, as you have. You have seen (what) I have never seen You flatter me by asking my opinion.”
“You call forth the world which God has formed and that world only. Nor is this life of yours by which you set such store your doing, however you may choose to tell it. Its shape was forced in the void at the onset and all talk of what might otherwise have been is senseless for there is no otherwise. Of what could it be made? Where be hid? Or how make its appearance? The probability fo the actual is absolute. That we have no power to guess it out beforehand makes it no less certain. That we may imagine alternate histories means nothing at all.”
“You came so that you could learn about your dreams, said the old woman. And dreams are the language of God. When he speaks in our language, I can interpret what he has said. But if he speaks in the language of the soul, it is only you who can understand.”
“You can always tell the heart of man by what he do, and by what he don't do ”
“You can bail water 24/7, and no matter how good you are at not sinking, you still have a hole in your boat.”
“You can be free without knowing you are free and vice versa.”
“You can be more knowledgeable than someone, but be less intelligent or wise than them. Or foolish or stupid, unlike them.”
“You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you”
“You can control nothing, nothing at all. The only thing you think you’re controlling is your perception of the probability and nothing else.”
“You can get infinite wisdom and intelligence from nature.”
“You can go into any big corporation with clarity and confidence of your skills and knowledge and get job without degree.”
“You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward”
“You can know a thing to death and be for all purposes completely ignorant of it. A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.”
“You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?”
“You can know the name, but not understand or know the named.”
“You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink, you can lead someone to knowledge but you can't make him think”
“You can never know everything, and part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps even the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of courage lies in going on anyway.”
“You can never know everything. Part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of knowledge lies in going on anyway.”
“You can only be afraid of what you think you know.”
“You can only illuminate the path of possibility, you can't force people to walk down it.”
“You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“You can survive violence by reacting more violently But you cannot escape ignorance by continuing to act ignorantly ”
“You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less”
“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”
“You can't dwell on what might have been and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.”
“You can't know, you can only believe - or not.”
“You can't see what you don't understand. But what you think you already understand, you'll fail to look at.”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“You can't talk about mango without experiencing the taste of mango.”
“You cannot control anything yet you can affect everything.”
“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.”
“You cannot discover new roads with old maps.”
“You cannot explore the universe if you think that you are the center of it.”
“You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it.”
“You cannot hinder someone’s free will, that’s the first law of the Universe, no matter what the decision.”
“You cannot imagine being a child, because for that you have to grow up.”
“You cannot insult a wise man with wisdom.”
“You cannot know anything spiritually by saying it is a not-that : you can only know it by meeting it in its precise and irreplaceable thisness and honoring it there.”
“You cannot learn the secrets of the sea by sitting on the land, and you cannot learn the secrets of the land by living in the sea! If you want real knowledge about something, you have to go to it and integrate with it!”
“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”
“You cannot love and be immortal.”
“You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.”
“You can’t define your duties. You can recognize your duties when they call you. The call comes from deep inside you. It may go against definitions set by mind.”
“You can’t destroy knowledge. You can stamp it under and burn it up and forbid it to be, but somewhere it will survive.”
“You can’t selectively numb your anger, any more than you can turn off all lights in a room, and still expect to see the light.”
“You changed.’ Mhmm. I’m different now. I love myself more.”
“You choose what you learn, just as you choose what you fail at.”
“You could find out most things, if you knew the right questions to ask. Even if you didn’t, you could still find out a lot. The Culture had theoretical total freedom of information; the catch was that consciousness was private, and information held in a Mind - as opposed to an unconscious system, like the Hub’s memory-banks - was regarded as part of the Mind’s being, and so as sacrosanct as the contents of a human brain; a Mind could hold any set of facts and opinions it wanted without having to tell anybody what it knew or thought, or why.”
“You could give Aristotle a tutorial. And you could thrill him to the core of his being. Aristotle was an encyclopedic polymath, an all time intellect. Yet not only can you know more than him about the world. You also can have a deeper understanding of how everything works. Such is the privilege of living after Newton , Darwin , Einstein , Planck , Watson , Crick and their colleagues. I'm not saying you're more intelligent than Aristotle , or wiser. For all I know, Aristotle 's the cleverest person who ever lived. That's not the point. The point is only that science is cumulative, and we live later.”
“You despise books; you whose lives are absorbed in the vanities of ambition, the pursuit of pleasure or indolence; but remember that all the known world, excepting only savage nations, is governed by books.”
“You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.”
“You do not own the molecules. They are stardust. They belong to God. What you do own is your soul. Nobody can take that away from you.”
“You do not write your life with words You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do .”
“You don't always need to know your destination when you set out on a journey.”
“You don't become perfect by not making mistakes. You do that by learning from them.”
“You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.”
“You don't need to be a rocket scientist, to recognize superstition and prejudice, common sense is enough to observe emerging evidence.”
“You don't trade in the devil you know for the one you don't know.”
“You don’t create truth. You find it.”
“You don’t have to be a master researcher just use common sense. Compare resources. Get all sides to the story. Trial and error. Test this knowledge yourself. Etc Etc Etc.”
“You don’t have to lie to tell the truth. One lie of what is happening or what happened makes the whole thing unbelievable and questionable.”
“You don’t know anything, but I know even less.”
“You don’t need to prove your worth to anyone. The only person you have to make proud is you.”
“You don’t need to read a book to activate your thoughts. A thought itself is good enough to create a chain reaction of thoughts capable of building a mountain of knowledge.”
“You feel humiliated, my young man, because thinking you understood so much so well, you suddenly find that many very apparent things were unknown to you. Thinking you were one of the Lords of the Galaxy; you suddenly find that you stand near to destruction. Naturally, you will resent the ivory tower in which you lived; the seclusion in which you were educated; the theories on which you were reared.”
“You feeling life is not letting what you want to happen in your life . For example: You always wanted health, but life is never letting that happen to you. You always wanted wealth, and just one day before you achieve it, everything collapses. Please listen, the very information being given to you, the hope being generated in you that health is possible, wealth is possible, is a solid proof life is supporting you. Otherwise, even that possibility will not be informed to you! You will not be informed even about that possibility! The moment the possibility is informed, life is supporting you; be informed, be very clear!”
“You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.”
“You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius.”
“You have a great heart, but will only find it to be so through great pain. This is the wisdom of love, and its doubtful gift. . . . I have endured much suffering and still remain unbitter and unclosed.”
“You have a lot to learn, young man. Philosophy. Theology. Literature. Poetry. Drama. History. Archeology. Anthropology. Mythology. Music. These are your tools as much as brush and pigment. You cannot be an artist until you are civilized. You cannot be civilized until you learn. To be civilized is to know where you belong in the continuum of our art and your world. To surmount the past, you must know the past.”
“You have learnt something. That always feels at first as if you have lost something.”
“You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.”
“You have perhaps heard some false reports On the subject of God. He is not dead; and he is not a fable. He is not mocked nor forgotten-- Successfully. God is a lion that comes in the night. God is a hawk gliding among the stars-- If all the stars and the earth, and the living flesh of the night that flows in between them, and whatever is beyond them Were that one bird. He has a bloody beak and harsh talons, he pounces and tears-- And where is the German Reich? There also Will be prodigious America and world-owning China. I say that all hopes and empires will die like yours; Mankind will die, there will be no more fools; wisdom will die; the very stars will die; One fierce life lasts.”
“You have to be ill if you want to get better.”
“You have to be selective of the access that you allow.”
“You have to be willing to lose in order to win. In love. In life. In everything you’ll ever do.”
“You have to understand yourself before you can understand anything else.”
“You have various internal organs like heart, lungs, brain, stomach, intestine, liver, kidney *all these internal organs are centrally commanded, administered and made to function in a coordinated way on certain principles. *all of them have certain understanding and principle among them. That principle is called dharma.”
“You just can't know it all; there is always room to learn something new everyday.”
“You just need to come to Jesus, listen to Him, and yield yourself in willing submission. You need to know Him. And everyone who seeks Him finds Him. He’s real and knowable.”
“You keep on learning and learning, and pretty soon you learn something no one has learned before.”
“You know a trillion times more about art than me. But I’ve learned that it isn’t necessary to know all that much. You just make what you wanna see, right? It’s a game, right? It’s like being paid for dreaming.”
“You know it never ceases to amaze me how people twist your words.I used to et it bother me that I was so misunderstood, but now I realise, I can tell a lot about people by what they CHOOSE to see in me”
“You know what I should do?" Hoshino asked excited. "Of course," the cat said. "What'd I tell you? Cats know everything. Not like dogs.”
“You know, it's pretty easy reading this book to see why I was angry and confused for all those years. I lived my life being told different stories: some true, some lies and I still don't know which is which. Children are born innocent. At birth we are very much like a new hard drive - no viruses, no bad information, no crap that's been downloaded into it yet. It's what we feed into that hard drive, or in my case "head drive" that starts the corruption of the files.”
“You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.”
“You may die a hundred deaths without a break in the mental turmoil. Or, you may keep your body and die only in the mind. The death of the mind is the birth of wisdom.”
“You may find that knowledge is not so great a thing as belief or hope.”
“You may not see it now," said the Princess of Pure Reason, looking knowingly at Milo's puzzled face, "but whatever we learn has a purpose and whatever we do affects everything and everyone else, if even in the tiniest way.”
“You may or may not be ready to hear this information, but I'll tell you, because knowledge is power, ignorance is a cage and feelings can be dealt with.”
“You may teach a man with deeds of kindness more than thousands of knowledge.”
“You might say that you've finally earned the wisdom. Actually, it's the wisdom that has found and formed you.”
“You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.”
“You must distinguish between a reality and mentality. You might find out that some of the problems or struggles don’t even exist. Your mind created them for you, and they are the ones blocking you from success. The way you see things or people might not be the reality. Might be your mind misleading you.You might be hating people for wrong reasons or no reasons at all. You might even change your life, character or lifestyle thinking you are this person, but to find out that you are not. The real enemy can be your mind not the people you think are of.”
“You must feed yourself the truth because the world is sure to serve you lies.”
“You must purge yourself before finding faults in others. When you see a mistake in somebody else, try to find if you are making the same mistake. This is the way to take judgment and to turn it into improvement. Do not look at others' bodies with envy or with superiority. All people are born with different constitutions. Never compare with others. Each one's capacities are a function of his or her internal strength. Know your capacities and continually improve upon them.”
“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
“You need not be rich or famous to be intelligent, wise, or knowledgeable. And vice versa.”
“You need to avoid certain things in your train of thought: everything random, everything irrelevant. And certainly everything self-important or malicious. You need to get used to winnowing your thoughts, so that if someone says, "What are your thinking about?" you can respond at once (and truthfully) that you are thinking this or thinking that.”
“You need to trust To surrender To ask for guidance Go within for the answers They're within you You have the answers All you need do is ask”
“You need to use the instrument that the people desire to captivate them back to things that are right”
“You never get there. There will always be more layers and new fears. You’ll have to call forward your courage time after time. You’re never finished. That’s the point. That’s the gift.”
“You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.”
“You never understand life until it grows inside of you.”
“You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.”
“You not realizing the truth and feeling stuck, cursing yourself and putting yourself in self-doubt, self-hatred, self-denial, is the only bad karma. There is no external bad karma.”
“You ought to know, you were my best friend. You were. I know you loved me. I loved you. No one should have gone through what we went through, but we did. And it kills me to think of it. But I didn't love you like you loved me. I don't hate you for that. It just makes me sorry, that there isn't someone else who could love you better. I know when you think about how I went, you'll get it. I was always uneasy about being alive. The idea of being dead makes me feel clear. When I think of it. It makes me think peace, peace, peace. It makes me happy. I am looking forward to it, to the absence of everything. And so I want you to be happy for me, that this is better for me. That I found what I needed. I know you won't be. But it's the last thing I want. You happy.”
“You owe it to yourself to become everything you’ve ever dreamed of being.”
“You possess all of this knowledge. When are you going to begin using it to your advantage?”
“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
“You read a book for the story, for each of its words," Gordy said, "and you draw your cartoons for the story, for each of the words and images. And, yeah, you need to take that seriously, but you should also read and draw because really good books and cartoons give you a boner." I was shocked: "Did you just say books should give me a boner?" "Yes, I did." "Are you serious?" "Yeah  don't you get excited about books?" "I don't think that you're supposed to get THAT excited about books." "You should get a boner! You have to get a boner!" Gordy shouted. "Come on!" We ran into the Reardan High School Library. "Look at all these books," he said. "There aren't that many," I said. It was a small library in a small high school in a small town. "There are three thousand four hundred and twelve books here," Gordy said. "I know that because I counted them." "Okay, now you're officially a freak," I said. "Yes, it's a small library. It's a tiny one. But if you read one of these books a day, it would still take you almost ten years to finish." "What's your point?" "The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don't know." Wow. That was a huge idea. Any town, even one as small as Reardan, was a place of mystery. And that meant Wellpinit, the smaller, Indian town, was also a place of mystery. "Okay, so it's like each of these books is a mystery. Every book is a mystery. And if you read all of the books ever written, it's like you've read one giant mystery. And no matter how much you learn, you keep on learning so much more you need to learn." "Yes, yes, yes, yes," Gordy said. "Now doesn't that give you a boner?" "I am rock hard," I said.”
“You remember only what you want to remember. You know only what your heart allows you to know.”
“You see people sad, negative, unhappy… Either they are poor or have been abused or they are in dead end in their life. You see someone with "bad" behavior… This person might be the victim… due to psychological warfare, bullying.”
“You see, the best thing about wrong decisions is that they don’t prevent you from making the right decisions later on. It’s harder, but it’s not impossible.”
“You see, to find the brightest wisdom one must pass through the darkest zones. And through the darkest zones there can be no guide. No guide, that is, but courage”
“You should always listen to minotaurs. Anybody with four stomachs has to have a firm grip on reality.”
“You should expect adversity from your adversary. (original quote from my books)”
“You shouldn't imagine things that you haven't a shred of proof happened ”
“You tell me: 'Life is hard to bear.' But if it were otherwise why should you have your pride in the morning and your resignation in the evening? Life is hard to bear: but do not pretend to be so tender! We are all of us pretty fine asses and asseses of burden!”
“You think money can solve any problem, but all it s good for is buying the things it can, and leaving you free to pursue the things it can't.”
“You tries tuh be so much-knowin'. You got tuh learn how tuh speak when you spokin to, come when youse called." "Ah ain't got tuh do but two things--stay black and die," Sister Berry snapped.”
“You understand nothing until you understand history.”
“You walk away from the unneeded noise to plunge into the unwavering wisdom. Walking away from what seems to be life walks you in to the beat of it.”
“You were not just blessed for yourself, your were blessed to be a blessing to others.”
“You will always learn everything you need to know about people when they don't get what they want.”
“You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.”
“You will do yourself a favor by seeking objective truths over emotional comfort.”
“You will get what you will search for. Do you know what you are searching for?”
“You will learn by studying and certificate, but you will not be a wise, wisdom is related to the spirit.”
“You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.”
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.”
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“You'd be surprised how easy some things can be, things you never thought you'd do, when you take self-respect out of the equation.”
“You'll never reach perfection because there's always room for improvement. Yet get along the way to perfection, you'll learn to get better.”
“You're a hopeless romantic," said Faber. "It would be funny if it were not serious. It's not books you need, it's some of the things that once were in books. The same things could be in the 'parlor families' today. The same infinite detail and awareness could be projected through the radios, and televisors, but are not. No,no it's not books at all you're looking for! Take it where you can find it, in old phonograph records, old motion pictures, and in old friends; look for it in nature and look for it in yourself. Books were only one type or receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us. Of course you couldn't know this, of course you still can't understand what I mean when i say all this. You are intuitively right, that's what counts.”
“You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.”
“You're missing the context of my thoughts. Don't misinterpret.”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to transpire the way that it did. The best thing that you can do is to extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. Which will, in turn, help you attract experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“You're thinking about something, and it makes you forget to talk.”
“Your actions will always be what the world sees, but people who choose to see through God's eyes will always have the compassion to understand why.”
“Your aspirations have changed, don’t be frustrated about life. Everything you aspired HAS to be enjoyed. I tell you, this one law of life if you understand, you will never curse the happenings of life! You know, every happening now, you aspired at one time; you craved for it at one time. This is the best news, greatest news I can give you. With this, you can say, ‘Wow! I craved for this one day. So I am enjoying!’ Anything you crave for HAS to be lived! Yes, now your aspirations have changed; that does not mean what you aspired can be dropped. It has to be lived so that you grow further, you grow further, you grow further.”
“Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.”
“Your biggest opportunity probably lies under your own feet, in your current job, industry, education, experience or interests.”
“Your call to power is to slow down and reflect within. Gather the peace within yourself before you go out and act among the world. The feel good feeling that lasts is only achieved when you yourself know peace. Nothing is more powerful. This is why you have the highs and lows, the mood swings, the transcendent ecstasy followed by the crash. It is because you have yet to develop a foundation of peace for yourself that acts as an unmovable anchor in your life. Establish this peace in your life and you will experience a whole new reality of the world that flows with you in every way possible, rather than against you.”
“Your children will smash your understanding, knowledge and reality. You will be better off. Then they will leave. You'll miss them forever.”
“Your choices are made in a moment, and yet their consequences transcend a lifetime.”
“Your choices matter when things are belong to you”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“Your comfort zone isn't nourishing you anymore. What are you going to do about this?”
“Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.”
“Your customers are always changing and so are their values, perceptions, and needs. Having up-to-date knowledge about them will help you in satisfying their needs as well as delighting them.”
“Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.”
“Your energy is worth more than money. Invest it wisely.”
“Your failure of schools and colleges does not define your future.”
“Your greatest responsibility is to live a life that nourishes your highest truth.”
“Your impact is huge, sink this into your brain and be the one who you want to be.” -Peace”
“Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.”
“Your intuition will tell you everything that you need to know. It will even reveal secrets that you weren't supposed to find out about. Listen to it closely.”
“Your judgments about another person say more about your own character than the character of the person you are pointing a finger at. This is the key and one of the most fundamental insights about the ‘red flags’ that we often dismiss regarding the people in our lives. If someone complains a lot to you about other people, guess what? That is part of their current character. And, as quickly as the tide changes, you can just as easily become the person they target and criticize, point fingers at, and negatively judge. Forever and always, until vibrations are raised, this will be the cycle of the relationship. So, it’s your choice to continue to engage in the cycle with them, or to move on. There are plenty of people who do not criticize, point fingers, or judge. THIS is the kind of character we want to foster within ourselves. THIS is the character of the kind of people we DO want to develop close relationships with.”
“Your life has a limit, but knowledge has none. If you use what is limited to pursue what has no limit, you will be in danger.”
“Your life is always under construction. It is your job to learn how to untangle the threads and weave a tapestry that matches your desires.”
“Your life is not a simulation; it's the real game. Play wisely.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“Your mind is a net. It can catch flies (worldly information). It can catch butterflies (spiritual knowledge), But it can’t catch the fragrance (Supreme Truth).”
“Your own knowledge come from life experience.”
“Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.”
“Your present moment is not just what is happening to you, it is your experience about yourself plus your experience about what is happening, plus what is actually happening - all 3 put together.”
“Your relationships don’t have to be the first thing to get sacrificed in the pursuit of knowledge. You can be near your support network and pursue your dreams; it just takes creativity.”
“Your strength will be found when you stop struggling with yourself, instead of thinking everyone is a struggle worth overcoming. Every obstacle in life is a lesson that teaches us, not others.”
“Your teacher might be a child who takes you by the hand and asks you a question that you hadn't considered before, and your answer to the child is your answer to yourself.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“Youth is not a time of life; it is a state of mind; it is not a matter of rosy cheeks, red lips and supple knees; it is a matter of the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions; it is the freshness of the deep springs of life. Youth means a tempermental predominance of courage over timidity of the appetite, for adventure over the love of ease. This often exists in a man of 60 more than a boy of 20. Nobody grows old merely by a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirits back to dust. Whether 60 or 16, there is in every human being's heart the lure of wonder, the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living. In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless station: so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from the Infinite, so long are you young. When the aerials are down, and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism, then you are grown old, even at 20, but as long as your aerials are up, to catch waves of optimism, there is hope you may die young at 80.”
“You’re beautiful. I don’t want you to ever forget that. You are far more loved that you could ever imagine. Even if you feel like you’re starting over time and time again. One day, I promise you, you will look back and see why it happened the way it did. Always be yourself. Always love hard. Keep putting your heart on the line even if it breaks at tims. Because it’s worth being you. It’s worth learning who you are. It’s worth trying.”
“You’re going to lose yourself from time to time. Come back. Come back to what your heart knows. No matter how long you’ve been gone, come back.”
“You’re going to meet people who will change your life forever. Some are there for years, a few for a lifetime and many for what seems like just a flash. But everyone changes you in some way. They are all pieces of who you are and who you will become.”
“You’re right, it might not work out. Many things don’t. But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t try. Because if it does, your entire world can change. The heavens smile upon those who believe in their dreams.”
“You’re smart and yet ignorant. You know not that ignorance leaves you vulnerable. Ignorance invites lies, for it cannot distinguish between truth and error. Ignorance relies on ego for answers, not accuracy. Ignorance thrives on feelings, not fidelity. It’s not that everyone needs to know everything, but that ignorance should be acknowledged rather than overlooked and ignored. And when ignorant, we should listen to those that know, not to those that are also ignorant but happen to be the loudest among us.”
“You’ve been sacrificing your life for your entire life, and you will continue to do so until you have no more life left to sacrifice. Your only choice is what you sacrifice it to.”
“Zarathustra is the prophet of the Church of the Serpent. He himself was distinctly serpentine. Nietzsche is one of the snake philosophers. He has venom towards the weak and the meek. He has the fierce bite of knowledge. We all need the Serpent’s Kiss if we wish to become enlightened. You must poison your old self if you wish to find your new self, your higher self. Your old views are poisonous. Poison must meet poison.”
“Zeal without knowledge is very fatal. Knowledge without zeal is fatal. But knowledge with zeal is a force of being.”
“Zen Wisdom cannot be obtained by the intellect: study, hypothesis, analysis, synthesis. The practitioner of Zen must use all of his entire being as an instrument of realization; the intellect is only one part of his being, and a part that often pulls him away from living reality, the very object of Zen.”
“Zhuangzi's position is not the simple and finally untenable "we know nothing". Rather, it is the more complex and subtle "We do not know if we do know or if we do not know".   "How do I know that we who hate death are not exiles since childhood who have forgotten the way home?"   He neither answers such questions nor things he can answer them; he simply does not know.”
“[ The Old Astronomer to His Pupil ] Reach me down my Tycho Brahe , I would know him when we meet, When I share my later science, sitting humbly at his feet; He may know the law of all things, yet be ignorant of how We are working to completion, working on from then to now. Pray remember that I leave you all my theory complete, Lacking only certain data for your adding, as is meet, And remember men will scorn it, 'tis original and true, And the obloquy of newness may fall bitterly on you. But, my pupil, as my pupil you have learned the worth of scorn, You have laughed with me at pity, we have joyed to be forlorn, What for us are all distractions of men's fellowship and smiles; What for us the Goddess Pleasure with her meretricious smiles. You may tell that German College that their honor comes too late, But they must not waste repentance on the grizzly savant's fate. Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light; I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night. What, my boy, you are not weeping? You should save your eyes for sight; You will need them, mine observer, yet for many another night. I leave none but you, my pupil, unto whom my plans are known. You 'have none but me,' you murmur, and I 'leave you quite alone'? Well then, kiss me, -- since my mother left her blessing on my brow, There has been a something wanting in my nature until now; I can dimly comprehend it, -- that I might have been more kind, Might have cherished you more wisely, as the one I leave behind. I 'have never failed in kindness'? No, we lived too high for strife,-- Calmest coldness was the error which has crept into our life; But your spirit is untainted, I can dedicate you still To the service of our science: you will further it? you will! There are certain calculations I should like to make with you, To be sure that your deductions will be logical and true; And remember, 'Patience, Patience,' is the watchword of a sage, Not to-day nor yet to-morrow can complete a perfect age. I have sown, like Tycho Brahe , that a greater man may reap; But if none should do my reaping, 'twill disturb me in my sleep So be careful and be faithful, though, like me, you leave no name; See, my boy, that nothing turn you to the mere pursuit of fame. I must say Good-bye, my pupil, for I cannot longer speak; Draw the curtain back for Venus, ere my vision grows too weak: It is strange the pearly planet should look red as fiery Mars,-- God will mercifully guide me on my way amongst the stars.”
“[ ] I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble. Really, it's okay to reserve judgement until the evidence is in.”
“[ ] marriage is one thing, and love is another You need to have a solid canvas; nobody stops you to weave the arabesques ”
“[ ] science carries us towards an understanding of how the world is, rather than how we would wish it to be [ ]”
“[A] great deal of what we believe we do not know firsthand; instead we have faith in the knowledge of specialists.”
“[Bailey] had told me once that "all knowledge was spendable currency, depending on the market.”
“[Dialogue between Solon and an Egyptian Priest] In the Egyptian Delta, at the head of which the river Nile divides, there is a certain district which is called the district of Sais [ ] To this city came Solon, and was received there with great honour; he asked the priests who were most skilful in such matters, about antiquity, and made the discovery that neither he nor any other Hellene knew anything worth mentioning about the times of old. On one occasion, wishing to draw them on to speak of antiquity, he began to tell about the most ancient things in our part of the world-about Phoroneus, who is called "the first man," and about Niobe; and after the Deluge, of the survival of Deucalion and Pyrrha; and he traced the genealogy of their descendants, and reckoning up the dates, tried to compute how many years ago the events of which he was speaking happened. Thereupon one of the priests, who was of a very great age, said: O Solon, Solon, you Hellenes are never anything but children, and there is not an old man among you. Solon in return asked him what he meant. I mean to say, he replied, that in mind you are all young; there is no old opinion handed down among you by ancient tradition, nor any science which is hoary with age.”
“[He is] the kind of young man who'd lived a life without question. What he saw was what he believed; what he heard became his truth; what he felt became fact.”
“[I would] rather discover one cause than gain the kingdom of Persia.”
“[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.”
“[O]ut of books / He taught me all the ignorance of men, / And how God laughs in heaven when any man / Says 'Here I'm learned; this, I understand; / In that, I am never caught at fault or doubt.”
“[On what young husbands should say to their wives:] I have taken you in my arms, and I love you, and I prefer you to my life itself. For the present life is nothing, and my most ardent dream is to spend it with you in such a way that we may be assured of not being separated in the life reserved for us  I place your love above all things, and nothing would be more bitter or painful to me than to be of a different mind than you.”
“[Photography] allows me to accede to an infra-knowledge; it supplies me with a collection of partial objects and can flatter a certain fetishism of mine: for this 'me' which like knowledge, which nourishes a kind of amorous preference for it. In the same way, I like certain biographical features which, in a writer's life, delight me as much as certain photographs; I have called these features 'biographemes'; Photography has the same relation to History that the biographeme has to biography.”
“[She was] a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her soul a sense of home in it.”
“[T]he useful idiots, the leftists who are idealistically believing in the beauty of the Soviet socialist or Communist or whatever system, when they get disillusioned, they become the worst enemies. That’s why my KGB instructors specifically made the point: never bother with leftists. Forget about these political prostitutes. Aim higher. [ ] They serve a purpose only at the stage of destabilization of a nation. For example, your leftists in the United States: all these professors and all these beautiful civil rights defenders. They are instrumental in the process of the subversion only to destabilize a nation. When their job is completed, they are not needed any more. They know too much. Some of them, when they get disillusioned, when they see that Marxist-Leninists come to power—obviously they get offended—they think that they will come to power. That will never happen, of course. They will be lined up against the wall and shot.”
“[T]he wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile.”
“[T]here is evidence that [the self-less] sense of connectedness is the wellspring of human solidarity and of civilization as we know it. The knowledge gained from an extended “higher” perception (a “God within”) is central. It is not the result of deduction, research and reason. It is not obtained from a neo-medieval doctrine that is taught to be memorized, recited or sung weekly, or from a dogma with which one is inculcated. Nor does it come from feeling deeply or emotionally what is really true. It is what one perceives.”
“[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love. When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action. She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.”
“[True] forms of knowledge increase the servant [of God] in fear, humility, and submissiveness, and demand that he see every person as better than him because of the magnitude of God's proof against him on account of his knowledge, and because of his falling short in showing gratitude for the blessing of this knowledge.”
“[We fight evil by] "We kiss our children. We make sticky lemon cake for our husband. We cherish our friends. We leave the great hedge standing tall as a haven for birds, and mice and spiders. We defeat evil every time we commit acts of kindness. When necessary, we hit it with a rock.”
“[Y]ou [man] are fool enough, it seems, to dare to war with [woman=] me, when for your faithful ally you might win me easily.”
“[Y]ou are here to learn something. Don’t try to figure out what it is. This can be frustrating and unproductive.”
“[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers [novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too  (~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)”
“a journey through familiar realms in the pursuit of truth and higher degrees of knowledge about knowledge - transformation via information and outformation”
“a wise woman puts a grain of sugar in everything she says to a man, and takes a grain of salt with everything he says to her.”
“all appears to change when we change”
“all brave men love; for he only is brave who has affections to fight for.”
“all drama resolves the moment you dive deeper to feel your wisdom”
“and the thing that’s always made you beautiful is that you are messy and complicated. That you’re not perfect. You were never meant to be.”
“and then there are the rare few who just refuse to give up on you no matter what.”
“anything is possible but probably not that”
“at last the endless meeting ends I begin to recite the ever more infinite list of things I do not know”
“beings born into upper class are proof of the blood, sweat and tears of their ancestors, the redirection of tides wheeling the abundances for their future generations it all starts with you climb up clean yourself up wheel the abundance of yours of your future generations of your family of choice you are the ancestor the blood, sweat and tears the redirection of tides.”
“can't unscramble the egg no matter your wisdom and determination”
“do share my knowledge with some of the healers. Some already have that knowledge, and some of them take some new knowledge. I take knowledge from them as well, and together, our Consciousness expands.”
“errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.”
“everything widens and withers, opens and closes, expands and contracts— like a tulip like an ice cream shop like a heart.”
“for a woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea”
“for whenever men are right they are not young”
“he who is greedy is always in want”
“he who will not economize will have to agonize”
“hold company with yourself so sacred that even when you are alone, you are whole.”
“hope is just a feeling will is the real thing .”
“humility is beyond our reach. if it were a product of reaching, we would instinctively be proud of reaching it. it is a gift.”
“i often wonder at what point my thoughts cease to be my reality and simply merge with my dreams to become my fiction, my life.”
“if the important thing is not to win but to complete then was not punctual invented.”
“in times like the present, men should utter nothing for which they would not willingly be responsible through time and eternity.”
“it not just about knowledge but how you pull the trigger matters”
“it's a rare day when she speaks in anything but platitudes--all those exhausted phrases and hand-me-down ideas that cram the dump sites of contemporary wisdom”
“knowledge and Imagination are key to human progress”
“knowledge is code, and code is inevitable.”
“knowledge without application is like a book that is never read' Christopher Crawford, Hemel Hempstead.”
“knowledge- Continuation- is the power and it is shared all the time ..all know that!!”
“learn from the past live in the present plan for the future”
“let the knowledge come unconsciously; let the ignorance go consciously.”
“life reveals that which we may never have guessed, that some people are so undeserving of us.”
“life,inspirational,humor,wisdom,happiness,faith,hope,inspiration,motivational,knowledge,”
“men are undoubtedly more in danger from prosperity than from adversity. for when matters go smoothly, they flatter themselves, and are intoxicated by their success”
“nothing that is worth knowing can be taught”
“one should never assume anything”
“originality and a feeling of one's own dignity are achieved only through work and struggle.”
“p. 362 "There are nights I lie awake wondering what the moment was we lost the Germany I knew. Some might point to the invasion of Poland   There are a million such moments. Kristallnacht, the Night of the long Knives, the Jewish boycotts, the race laws   But sometimes I think it was the moment right before the gasoline was poured on the books. The moment the most educated country in the world willingly, joyously, wholeheartedly turned away from knowledge.”
“re-examine all you have been told in school or church or in any book, and dismiss whatever insults your own soul; and your very flesh shall be a great poem, and have the richest fluency, not only in its words, but in the silent lines of its lips and face, and between the lashes of your eyes, and in every motion and joint of your body. [From the preface to Leaves Grass]”
“read thousands of books and I will power myself with knowledge. Pens and books are the weapons that defeat terrorism.”
“respect life,revere life.there is nothing more holy than life,nothing more divine than life.”
“science is knowledge, but who defines what that knowledge is?”
“some winters will never melt some summers will never freeze and some things will only   live in poems.”
“stretch the sadness like taffy, marvel at how portable pain can be when you welcome it.”
“that [rational] principle alone cannot add one iota to knowledge. It can clear up obscurities, it can measure and enumerate with greater and ever greater precision, it can preserve us in the dignity and responsibility of our individual existences. But in no sense can it be said   to expand consciousness. Only the poetic can do this: only poesy, pouring into language its creative intuitions, can preserve its living meaning and prevent it from crystalizing into a kind of algebra. (144)”
“the UNDERSTANDING— who does not know that, as it is the most elevated faculty of the soul, so it is employed with a greater and more constant delight than any of the other. Its searches after truth are a sort of hawking and hunting, wherein the very pursuit makes a great part of the pleasure. Every step the mind takes in its progress towards Knowledge makes some discovery   the understanding, like the eye, judging of objects only by its own sight, cannot but be pleased with what it discovers, having less regret for what has escaped it, because it is unknown. Thus he who has raised himself above the alms-basket, and, not content to live lazily on scraps of begged opinions, sets his own thoughts on work, to find and follow truth, will (whatever he lights on) not miss the hunter’s satisfaction; every moment of his pursuit will reward his pains with some delight; and he will have reason to think his time not ill spent, even when he cannot much boast of any great acquisition.”
“the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.”
“the fact that maybe men think if they just name everything, everything’ll be okay, the fact that it’s like dogs marking their territory”
“the inevitable tension between knowledge and innocence”
“the little fires set the flames of an idea licking the page how knowledge burns”
“the only graceful way to accept an insult is to ignore it; if you cant ignore it, top it; if you cant top it, laugh at it; if you cant laugh at it, its probably deserved”
“the only way in which a human being can make some approach to knowing the whole of a subject, is by hearing what can be said about it by persons of every variety of opinion, and studying all modes in which it can be looked at by every character of mind. No wise man ever acquired his wisdom in any mode but this; nor is it in the nature of human intellect to become wise in any other manner.”
“the woman is rain, and when she falls, she is a monsoon. to love her is to drown.”
“there is only one way under high heaven to get the best of an argument - and that is to avoid it .”
“time's precious, waste it wisely”
“trichloroethane [ ] All my extensive testing has shown this to be the best treatment for a dangerous excess of human knowledge”
“truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.”
“we have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood”
“what's right? If you want something, you have the right to take it. If you want to do something, you have the right to do it.”
“when the rishis sat within them, in Samadhi, their whole being started vibrating, reverberating with the Sacred Truths. The whole being started vibrating and reverberating with the Sacred Truths. The Cosmos started singing through them. Cosmos started radiating through them. That expression is Upanishads.”
“when we had all the books we needed, we still insisted on finding the highest cliff to jump off. But we do need a breather. We do need knowledge. And perhaps in a thousand years we might pick smaller cliffs to jump off. The books are to remind us what asses and fools we are.”
“who once before abandoned the path to pull excalibur from the stone what you seek has always been there triumphs happened to whom who journeys — to the sword lodged in an anvil placed on a stone”
“why can't we control our anger? because we love perfection. make a little room for imperfection in our lives.”
“wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.”
“without knowledge, wisdom cannot be obtained.”
“yet if you had a desire for good or beautiful things and your tongue were not concocting some evil to say shame would not hold down your eyes but rather you would speak about what is just”
“you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry”
“you need power only to do something harmful.otherwise love is enough,compassion is enough.”
“youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.”
“°So, if I understand correctly, the linear physical life is infinitely simple compared to the knowledge of the conscious sphere°”
“…Impossible to find truth. Not because nothing can be found… There are advanced systems of deceit & self-deceit… Any impossible solution is inadequate. Call it time travel, teleportation, mind-body reading, AI detection.”
“‎They are angry with me, because I know what I am." Said the little eagle. "How do you know that they are angry with you?" "Because, they despise me for wanting to soar, they only want me to peck at the dirt, looking for ants, with them. But I can't do that. I don't have chicken feet, I have eagle wings." "And what is so wrong with having eagle wings and no chicken feet?" Asked the old owl. "I'm not sure, that's what I'm trying to find out." "They hate you because you know that you are an eagle and they want you to think you are a chicken so that you will peck at the ground looking for ants and worms, so that you will never know that you are an eagle and always think yourself a chicken. Let them hate you, they will always be chickens, and you will always be an eagle. You must fly. You must soar." Said the old owl.”
“…a man should say to his soul every morning, "God has given thee twenty-four treasures; take heed lest thou lose anyone of them, for thou wilt not be able to endure the regret that will follow such loss.”
“…if catching fish is your only objective, you are either new to the game or too narrowly focused on measurable results.”
“…one half of her should not be always so much wiser than the other half…”
“…the tongue, for instance, is privileged with information indifferent to words.”
“…what we focus on shapes the soul—the mind, the will, the emotions.”
“‎your first thought would send the power of Quantum physics into a hive of activity. your first thought, would inevitably become the destiny of the day”
“لدي قلب من ألف وجه، ولكن بعقل واحد. I have a heart of a thousand faces, but with a single mind.”
“بيتي هو بيتك. بيتي هو بيتك. قلبي هو قلبك. حكمتي هي حكمتك. My house is your house. My home is your home. My heart is your heart. My wisdom is yours.”
