“I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.”
“All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.”
“I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?”
“Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.”
“I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.”
“I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it.”
“If he’s not calling you, it’s because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn’t follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he’s okay with disappointing you. Don’t be with someone who doesn’t do what they say they’re going to do. If he’s choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn’t respect your feelings and needs. “Busy” is another word for “asshole.” “Asshole” is another word for the guy you’re dating. You deserve a fcking phone call.”
“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”
“God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.”
“And still, after all this time, The sun never says to the earth, "You owe Me." Look what happens with A love like that, It lights the Whole Sky.”
“Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.”
“I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really foolish thing that people often say about Him: I’m ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher, but I don’t accept his claim to be God. That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher. He would either be a lunatic — on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg — or else he would be the Devil of Hell. You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God, but let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.”
“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
“Do not be afraid; our fate Cannot be taken from us; it is a gift.”
“Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.”
“You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.”
“Sometimes beautiful things come into our lives out of nowhere. We can't always understand them, but we have to trust in them. I know you want to question everything, but sometimes it pays to just have a little faith.”
“Therefore, dear Sir, love your solitude and try to sing out with the pain it causes you. For those who are near you are far away  and this shows that the space around you is beginning to grow vast . be happy about your growth, in which of course you can't take anyone with you, and be gentle with those who stay behind; be confident and calm in front of them and don't torment them with your doubts and don't frighten them with your faith or joy, which they wouldn't be able to comprehend. Seek out some simple and true feeling of what you have in common with them, which doesn't necessarily have to alter when you yourself change again and again; when you see them, love life in a form that is not your own and be indulgent toward those who are growing old, who are afraid of the aloneness that you trust . and don't expect any understanding; but believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it.”
“All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.”
“None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward. Because we trust. Because we have faith.”
“I talk to God but the sky is empty.”
“I'm about to make a wild, extreme and severe relationship rule: the word busy is a load of crap and is most often used by assholes. The word "busy" is the relationship Weapon of Mass Destruction. It seems like a good excuse, but in fact in every silo you uncover, all you're going to find is a man who didn't care enough to call. Remember men are never to busy to get what they want.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages 1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree. 2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5. 3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.” 4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank. 5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13. 6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14. 7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15. 8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil. 9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19. 10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961. 11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936. 12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 23 13) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 24 14) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record 15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity 16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 28 18) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world 19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter 20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean 21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind 22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest 23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream." 24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight 26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions. 27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon. 28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" 29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas 30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger 31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States 32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out. 33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games" 34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out. 35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa. 36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president. 37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels. 38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat". 40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived 41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise 42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out 43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US 44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats 45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
“Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.”
“Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.”
“The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.”
“I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice?”
“A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.”
“I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.”
“Believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it.”
“To have Faith in Christ means, of course, trying to do all that He says. There would be no sense in saying you trusted a person if you would not take his advice. Thus if you have really handed yourself over to Him, it must follow that you are trying to obey Him. But trying in a new way, a less worried way. Not doing these things in order to be saved, but because He has begun to save you already. Not hoping to get to Heaven as a reward for your actions, but inevitably wanting to act in a certain way because a first faint gleam of Heaven is already inside you.”
“Believe something and the Universe is on its way to being changed. Because you've changed, by believing. Once you've changed, other things start to follow. Isn't that the way it works?”
“Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.”
“To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.”
“In this hour, I do not believe that any darkness will endure.”
“Doubt everything. Find your own light.”
“What was love, really? Flowers, chocolate, and poetry? Or was it something else? Was it being able to finish someone's jokes? Was it having absolute faith that someone was there at your back? Was it knowing someone so well that they instantly understood why you did the things you did—and shared those same beliefs?”
“Over the years, I have come to realize that the greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity, or power, but self-rejection. Success, popularity, and power can indeed present a great temptation, but their seductive quality often comes from the way they are part of the much larger temptation to self-rejection. When we have come to believe in the voices that call us worthless and unlovable, then success, popularity, and power are easily perceived as attractive solutions. The real trap, however, is self-rejection. As soon as someone accuses me or criticizes me, as soon as I am rejected, left alone, or abandoned, I find myself thinking, "Well, that proves once again that I am a nobody."   [My dark side says,] I am no good  I deserve to be pushed aside, forgotten, rejected, and abandoned. Self-rejection is the greatest enemy of the spiritual life because it contradicts the sacred voice that calls us the "Beloved." Being the Beloved constitutes the core truth of our existence.”
“This is what the past is for! Every experience God gives us, every person He puts in our lives is the perfect preparation for the future that only He can see.”
“I dont think that we're meant to understand it all the time. I think that sometimes we just have to have faith.”
“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it.”
“Now very much against her will, she thought of the way Jace had looked at her then, the blaze of faith in his eyes, his belief in her. He had always thought she was strong. He had showed it in everything he did, in every look and every touch. Simon had faith in her too, yet when he'd held her, it had been as if she were something fragile, something made of delicate glass. But Jace had held her with all the strength he had, never wondering if she could take it--he'd known she was as strong has he was.”
“You can never really know someone completely. That’s why it’s the most terrifying thing in the world, really—taking someone on faith, hoping they’ll take you on faith too. It’s such a precarious balance, It’s a wonder we do it at all. And yet..”
“You do not need to know precisely what is happening, or exactly where it is all going. What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith and hope.”
“To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.”
“belief is the death of intelligence.”
“I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had no where else to go. My own wisdom and that of all about me seemed insufficient for that day.”
“Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.”
“Why must people kneel down to pray? If I really wanted to pray I’ll tell you what I'd do. I'd go out into a great big field all alone or in the deep, deep woods and I'd look up into the sky—up—up—up—into that lovely blue sky that looks as if there was no end to its blueness. And then I'd just feel a prayer.”
“Your children are the greatest gift God will give to you, and their souls the heaviest responsibility He will place in your hands. Take time with them, teach them to have faith in God. Be a person in whom they can have faith. When you are old, nothing else you've done will have mattered as much.”
“Are you upset little friend? Have you been lying awake worrying? Well, don't worry I'm here. The flood waters will recede, the famine will end, the sun will shine tomorrow, and I will always be here to take care of you.”
“Whether or not you believe in God, you must believe this: when we as a species abandon our trust in a power greater than us, we abandon our sense of accountability. Faiths… all faiths… are admonitions that there is something we cannot understand, something to which we are accountable. With faith we are accountable to each other, to ourselves, and to a higher truth. Religion is flawed, but only because man is flawed. The church consists of a brotherhood of imperfect, simple souls wanting only to be a voice of compassion in a world spinning out of control.”
“Some things have to be believed to be seen.”
“Well, it's true that I have been hurt in my life. Quite a bit. But it's also true that I have loved, and been loved. and that carries a weight of its own. A greater weight, in my opinion. It's like that pie chart we talked about earlier. in the end, I'll look back on my life and see that the greatest piece of it was love. The problems, the divorces, the sadness  those will be there too, but just smaller slivers, tiny pieces.”
“According to Vedanta, there are only two symptoms of enlightenment, just two indications that a transformation is taking place within you toward a higher consciousness. The first symptom is that you stop worrying. Things don't bother you anymore. You become light-hearted and full of joy. The second symptom is that you encounter more and more meaningful coincidences in your life, more and more synchronicities. And this accelerates to the point where you actually experience the miraculous. (quoted by Carol Lynn Pearson in Consider the Butterfly )”
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
“Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe.”
“There are times when solitude is better than society, and silence is wiser than speech. We should be better Christians if we were more alone, waiting upon God, and gathering through meditation on His Word spiritual strength for labour in his service. We ought to muse upon the things of God, because we thus get the real nutriment out of them. . . . Why is it that some Christians, although they hear many sermons, make but slow advances in the divine life? Because they neglect their closets, and do not thoughtfully meditate on God's Word. They love the wheat, but they do not grind it; they would have the corn, but they will not go forth into the fields to gather it; the fruit hangs upon the tree, but they will not pluck it; the water flows at their feet, but they will not stoop to drink it. From such folly deliver us, O Lord. . . .”
“You picked a lemon, throw it away lemonade is overrated. Freaks should remain at the circus, not in your apartment. You already have one asshole. You don’t need another. Make a space in your life for the glorious things you deserve. Have faith.”
“Love meant jumping off a cliff and trusting that a certain person would be there to catch you at the bottom.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“The Simple Path Silence is Prayer Prayer is Faith Faith is Love Love is Service The Fruit of Service is Peace”
“No, I would not want to live in a world without dragons, as I would not want to live in a world without magic, for that is a world without mystery, and that is a world without faith.”
“We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.”
“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
“No pain that we suffer, no trial that we experience is wasted. It ministers to our education, to the development of such qualities as patience, faith, fortitude and humility. All that we suffer and all that we endure, especially when we endure it patiently, builds up our characters, purifies our hearts, expands our souls, and makes us more tender and charitable, more worthy to be called the children of God . . . and it is through sorrow and suffering, toil and tribulation, that we gain the education that we come here to acquire and which will make us more like our Father and Mother in heaven.”
“The most confused you will ever get is when you try to convince your heart and spirit of something your mind knows is a lie.”
“The moment God is figured out with nice neat lines and definitions, we are no longer dealing with God.”
“Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark. If we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be  a prudent insurance policy.”
“When you get to the end of all the light you know and it's time to step into the darkness of the unknown, faith is knowing that one of two things shall happen: either you will be given something solid to stand on, or you will be taught how to fly.”
“Faith consists in believing what reason cannot.”
“Work without love is slavery.”
“Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.”
“If we can just let go and trust that things will work out they way they're supposed to, without trying to control the outcome, then we can begin to enjoy the moment more fully. The joy of the freedom it brings becomes more pleasurable than the experience itself.”
“As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.”
“I believe in intuitions and inspirations I sometimes FEEL that I am right. I do not KNOW that I am.”
“My soul is in the sky.”
“Faith is universal. Our specific methods for understanding it are arbitrary. Some of us pray to Jesus, some of us go to Mecca, some of us study subatomic particles. In the end we are all just searching for truth, that which is greater than ourselves.”
“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”
“Faith acceptance of which we imagine to be true, that which we cannot prove.”
“You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense.”
“Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.”
“About once or twice every month I engage in public debates with those whose pressing need it is to woo and to win the approval of supernatural beings. Very often, when I give my view that there is no supernatural dimension, and certainly not one that is only or especially available to the faithful, and that the natural world is wonderful enough—and even miraculous enough if you insist—I attract pitying looks and anxious questions. How, in that case, I am asked, do I find meaning and purpose in life? How does a mere and gross materialist, with no expectation of a life to come, decide what, if anything, is worth caring about? Depending on my mood, I sometimes but not always refrain from pointing out what a breathtakingly insulting and patronizing question this is. (It is on a par with the equally subtle inquiry: Since you don't believe in our god, what stops you from stealing and lying and raping and killing to your heart's content?) Just as the answer to the latter question is: self-respect and the desire for the respect of others—while in the meantime it is precisely those who think they have divine permission who are truly capable of any atrocity—so the answer to the first question falls into two parts. A life that partakes even a little of friendship, love, irony, humor, parenthood, literature, and music, and the chance to take part in battles for the liberation of others cannot be called 'meaningless' except if the person living it is also an existentialist and elects to call it so. It could be that all existence is a pointless joke, but it is not in fact possible to live one's everyday life as if this were so. Whereas if one sought to define meaninglessness and futility, the idea that a human life should be expended in the guilty, fearful, self-obsessed propitiation of supernatural nonentities… but there, there. Enough.”
“Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.”
“There will always be someone willing to hurt you, put you down, gossip about you, belittle your accomplishments and judge your soul. It is a fact that we all must face. However, if you realize that God is a best friend that stands beside you when others cast stones you will never be afraid, never feel worthless and never feel alone.”
“Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
“You can't know, you can only believe - or not.”
“To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.”
“God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one”
“there is a God, there always has been. I see him here, in the eyes of the people in this [hospital] corridor of desperation. This is the real house of God, this is where those who have lost God will find Him  there is a God, there has to be, and now I will pray, I will pray that He will forgive that I have neglected Him all of these years, forgive that I have betrayed, lied, and sinned with impunity only to turn to Him now in my hour of need. I pray that He is as merciful, benevolent, and gracious as His book says He is.”
“The chief beauty about time is that you cannot waste it in advance. The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you, as perfect, as unspoiled, as if you had never wasted or misapplied a single moment in all your life. You can turn over a new leaf every hour if you choose.”
“Prejudice, a dirty word, and faith, a clean one, have something in common: they both begin where reason ends.”
“No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
“I know of no society in human history that ever suffered because its people became too desirous of evidence in support of their core beliefs.”
“Sometimes when you lose your way, you find YOURSELF.”
“The Lord works from the inside out. The world works from the outside in. The world would take people out of the slums. Christ would take the slums out of people, and then they would take themselves out of the slums. The world would mold men by changing their environment. Christ changes men, who then change their environment. The world would shape human behavior, but Christ can change human nature.”
“Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.”
“Faith does not eliminate questions. But faith knows where to take them.”
“We have a choice. We have two options as human beings. We have a choice between conversation and war. That's it. Conversation and violence. And faith is a conversation stopper.”
“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
“When you walk to the edge of all the light you have and take that first step into the darkness of the unknown, you must believe that one of two things will happen. There will be something solid for you to stand upon or you will be taught to fly.”
“Dogs have given us their absolute all. We are the center of their universe. We are the focus of their love and faith and trust. They serve us in return for scraps. It is without a doubt the best deal man has ever made. ”
“Faith is a place of mystery, where we find the courage to believe in what we cannot see and the strength to let go of our fear of uncertainty.”
“Realize that if a door closed, it’s because what was behind it wasn’t meant for you.”
“This is one more piece of advice I have for you: don't get impatient. Even if things are so tangled up you can't do anything, don't get desperate or blow a fuse and start yanking on one particular thread before it's ready to come undone. You have to realize it's going to be a long process and that you'll work on things slowly, one at a time.”
“It’s OKAY to be scared. Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave.”
“I had to deny knowledge in order to make room for faith.”
“Having faith in God did not mean sitting back and doing nothing. It meant believing you would find success if you did your best honestly and energetically.”
“You were born a child of light’s wonderful secret— you return to the beauty you have always been.”
“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
“Because you believed I was capable of behaving decently, I did.”
“Have you ever noticed that when your mind is awakened or drawn to someone new, that person's name suddenly pops up everywhere you go? My friend Sophie calls it coincidence, and Mr. Simpless, my parson friend, calls it Grace. He thinks that if one cares deeply about someone or something new one throws a kind of energy out into the world, and "fruitfulness" is drawn in. ”
“Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“There's a reason we refer to "leaps of faith" - because the decision to consent to any notion of divinity is a mighty jump from the rational over to the unknowable, and I don't care how diligently scholars of every religion will try to sit you down with their stacks of books and prove to you through scripture that their faith is indeed rational; it isn't. If faith were rational, it wouldn't be - by definition - faith. Faith is belief in what you cannot see or prove or touch. Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark. If we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be  a prudent insurance policy.”
“Define yourself radically as one beloved by God. This is the true self. Every other identity is illusion.”
“You are never dedicated to something you have complete confidence in. No one is fanatically shouting that the sun is going to rise tomorrow. They know it's going to rise tomorrow. When people are fanatically dedicated to political or religious faiths or any other kinds of dogmas or goals, it's always because these dogmas or goals are in doubt.”
“When you are in troubled and worried and sick at heart And your plans are upset and your world falls apart, Remember God's ready and waiting to share The burden you find much to heavy to bear-- So with faith, "Let Go and Let GOD" lead your way Into a brighter and less troubled day”
“A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare to the jeweled vision of a life started anew.”
“Faith, in the sense in which I am here using the word, is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted, in spite of your changing moods.”
“Faith can be very very dangerous, and deliberately to implant it into the vulnerable mind of an innocent child is a grievous wrong.”
“My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.”
“When someone you love says goodbye you can stare long and hard at the door they closed and forget to see all the doors God has open in front of you.”
“Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.”
“Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.”
“Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can. He can deepen their joys, expand their vision, quicken their minds, strengthen their muscles, lift their spirits, multiply their blessings, increase their opportunities, comfort their souls, and pour out peace.”
“A competitive and insecure woman will tell you that “true love” is never giving up on someone you're in love with. A confident and spiritual woman knows that “moving on” doesn’t mean you never loved someone. She realizes that letting go is what God needs her to do because both your happiness and hers requires taking different journeys for spiritual growth. Letting go is sometimes the hardest thing, but it is the most “real love” you will ever experience.”
“When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh.”
“When every hope is gone, 'when helpers fail and comforts flee,' I find that help arrives somehow, from I know not where. Supplication, worship, prayer are no superstition; they are acts more real than the acts of eating, drinking, sitting or walking. It is no exaggeration to say that they alone are real, all else is unreal.”
“when we are powerless to do a thing, it is a great joy that we can come and step inside the ability of Jesus”
“You cannot reason people out of a position that they did not reason themselves into.”
“It is difficult to make a man miserable while he feels worthy of himself and claims kindred to the great God who made him.”
“It is not the strength of your faith but the object of your faith that actually saves you.”
“Just because you can explain it doesn't mean it's not still a miracle.”
“You have as much laughter as you have faith.”
“But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine. Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others - even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are.”
“In order to have faith in his own path, he does not need to prove that someone else's path is wrong.”
“If you live gladly to make others glad in God, your life will be hard, your risks will be high, and your joy will be full.”
“I want neither a terrorist spirituality that keeps me in a perpetual state of fright about being in right relationship with my heavenly Father nor a sappy spirituality that portrays God as such a benign teddy bear that there is no aberrant behavior or desire of mine that he will not condone. I want a relationship with the Abba of Jesus, who is infinitely compassionate with my brokenness and at the same time an awesome, incomprehensible, and unwieldy Mystery. ”
“God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.”
“Don't you quit. You keep walking. You keep trying. There is help and happiness ahead. Some blessings come soon, some come late, and some don’t come until heaven; but for those who embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ, they come. It will be all right in the end. Trust God and believe in good things to come.”
“Regardless of what I think about Islam or Wicca or any other religion, the fact is that it's a group of people. Every faith has its ceremonies. And since it's made up of people, every faith also has its assholes.”
“I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.”
“Faith is not Desire. Faith is Will. Desires are things that need to be satisfied, whereas Will is a force. Will changes the space around us, ”
“For in grief nothing "stays put." One keeps on emerging from a phase, but it always recurs. Round and round. Everything repeats. Am I going in circles, or dare I hope I am on a spiral? But if a spiral, am I going up or down it? How often -- will it be for always? -- how often will the vast emptiness astonish me like a complete novelty and make me say, "I never realized my loss till this moment"? The same leg is cut off time after time.”
“God will not be used as a convenience. Men or nations who think they can revive the Faith in order to make a good society might just as well think they can use the stairs of heaven as a shortcut to the nearest chemist's shop.”
“When God is going to do something wonderful, He or She always starts with a hardship; when God is going to do something amazing, He or She starts with an impossibility. ”
“This is my living faith, an active faith, a faith of verbs: to question, explore, experiment, experience, walk, run, dance, play, eat, love, learn, dare, taste, touch, smell, listen, speak, write, read, draw, provoke, emote, scream, sin, repent, cry, kneel, pray, bow, rise, stand, look, laugh, cajole, create, confront, confound, walk back, walk forward, circle, hide, and seek.”
“Radical obedience to Christ is not easy  It's not comfort, not health, not wealth, and not prosperity in this world. Radical obedience to Christ risks losing all these things. But in the end, such risk finds its reward in Christ. And he is more than enough for us.”
“Head up, heart open. To better days!”
“Talk to me about the truth of religion and I'll listen gladly. Talk to me about the duty of religion and I'll listen submissively. But don't come talking to me about the consolations of religion or I shall suspect that you don't understand.”
“I am afraid that the schools will prove the very gates of hell, unless they diligently labor in explaining the Holy Scriptures and engraving them in the heart of the youth.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“When faith replaces doubt, when selfless service eliminates selfish striving, the power of God brings to pass His purposes.”
“Any faith that must be supported by the evidence of the senses is not real faith.”
“There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.”
“Don't you believe in flying saucers, they ask me? Don't you believe in telepathy? — in ancient astronauts? — in the Bermuda triangle? — in life after death? No, I reply. No, no, no, no, and again no. One person recently, goaded into desperation by the litany of unrelieved negation, burst out "Don't you believe in anything?" Yes", I said. "I believe in evidence. I believe in observation, measurement, and reasoning, confirmed by independent observers. I'll believe anything, no matter how wild and ridiculous, if there is evidence for it. The wilder and more ridiculous something is, however, the firmer and more solid the evidence will have to be.”
“To 'choose' dogma and faith over doubt and experience is to throw out the ripening vintage and to reach greedily for the Kool-Aid.”
“Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)”
“Solitude is the soil in which genius is planted, creativity grows, and legends bloom; faith in oneself is the rain that cultivates a hero to endure the storm, and bare the genesis of a new world, a new forest.”
“And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.”
“We live by faith and not by sight.”
“Faith is the gaze of a soul upon a saving God.”
“When everything gets answered, it's fake.”
“Never give up on your friends. Never give up your faith in them. It's when everything is worse than you could ever imagine it could be, that you'll need your friends the most.”
“In order to share one's true brilliance one initially has to risk looking like a fool: genius is like a wheel that spins so fast, it at first glance appears to be sitting still.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back.”
“Extraordinary afflictions are not always the punishment of extraordinary sins, but sometimes the trial of extraordinary graces.”
“A priest once quoted to me the Roman saying that a religion is dead when the priests laugh at each other across the altar. I always laugh at the altar, be it Christian, Hindu, or Buddhist, because real religion is the transformation of anxiety into laughter.”
“Day after day, day after day, We stuck, nor breath nor motion; As idle as a painted ship Upon a painted ocean.”
“If you've got the truth you can demonstrate it. Talking doesn't prove it.”
“Fear is the glue that keeps you stuck. Faith is the solvent that sets you free.”
“I’m in a band. I don’t go to church every Sunday. I love punk rock music. Sometimes I use swear words a lot. I respect and admire gay men and women. I’m obsessed with horror films. I know what shame feels like. And guess what old man? Jesus is still my Savior.”
“من قال لك أن درب الجنة معبد بالورود؟”
“Faith is belief in what you cannot see or prove or touch. Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark.”
“True love is taking the risk that it won't be a happily-ever-after. True love is joining hands with the man who loves you for who you are, and saying, "I'm not afraid to believe in you.”
“Faith in faith' he answered himself. 'It isn't necessary to have something to believe in. It's only necessary to believe that somewhere there's something worthy of belief.”
“Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.”
“Love is happiness, but only when you believe it will last forever. Even though every time it turns out to be a lie, it’s only faith that gives love its strength and its joy.”
“Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.”
“Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.”
“My feelings are not God. God is God. My feelings do not define truth. God’s word defines truth. My feelings are echoes and responses to what my mind perceives. And sometimes - many times - my feelings are out of sync with the truth. When that happens - and it happens every day in some measure - I try not to bend the truth to justify my imperfect feelings, but rather, I plead with God: Purify my perceptions of your truth and transform my feelings so that they are in sync with the truth.”
“Silent solitude makes true speech possible and personal. If I am not in touch with my own belovedness, then I cannot touch the sacredness of others. If I am estranged from myself, I am likewise a stranger to others.”
“I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“Sometimes it takes a wrong turn to get you to the right place.”
“Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking.”
“Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED.”
“People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.”
“There are those who scoff at the schoolboy, calling him frivolous and shallow: Yet it was the schoolboy who said 'Faith is believing what you know ain't so'.”
“To have faith requires courage, the ability to take a risk, the readiness even to accept pain and disappointment. Whoever insists on safety and security as primary conditions of life cannot have faith; whoever shuts himself off in a system of defense, where distance and possession are his means of security, makes himself a prisoner. To be loved, and to love, need courage, the courage to judge certain values as of ultimate concern—and to take the jump and to stake everything on these values.”
“Faith is why I'm here today and faith is why I made it through.”
“The word I think of is precarious. I am struck by how precarious it all is. How the things that hold us are only as strong as the faith we have in them.”
“It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.”
“If it can be verified, we don't need faith  Faith is for that which lies on the other side of reason. Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys.”
“In the beginning there was faith - which is childish; trust - which is vain; and illusion - which is dangerous.”
“There is something more powerful than any army. Something strong enough to topple kings, and even Darklings. Do you know what that thing is?” I shook my head, inching away from him. “Faith,” he breathed, his black eyes wild. “Faith.”
“و الأهم هو أن كل الصلوات ستصل الى الله في نهاية الأمر, مهما كانت اللغة أو المذهب”
“What is it with science these days? Everyone is so quick to believe in it, in all these new scientific discoveries, new pills for this, new pills for that. Get thinner, grow hair, yada, yada, yada, but when it requires a little faith in something you all go crazy.' He shook his head, 'If miracles had chemical equations then everyone would believe.”
“If we submit everything to reason our religion will be left with nothing mysterious or supernatural. If we offend the principles of reason our religion will be absurd and ridiculous . . . There are two equally dangerous extremes: to exclude reason, to admit nothing but reason.”
“But for me the sweetest contact with God has no form. I close my eyes, look within, and enter a deep soft silence. The infinity of God's creation embraces me.”
“Intellect is a part of a good faith. Intellect is the light, the heart is the direction.”
“Go where your best prayers take you.”
“Wait on the Lord" is a constant refrain in the Psalms, and it is a necessary word, for God often keeps us waiting. He is not in such a hurry as we are, and it is not his way to give more light on the future than we need for action in the present, or to guide us more than one step at a time. When in doubt, do nothing, but continue to wait on God. When action is needed, light will come.”
“And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.”
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
“A man who is intimate with God is not intimidated by man.”
“Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love.”
“Sometimes I think it is my mission to bring faith to the faithless, and doubt to the faithful.”
“I marveled at the beauty of all life and savored the power and possibilities of my imagination. In these rare moments, I prayed, I danced, and I analyzed. I saw that life was good and bad, beautiful and ugly. I understood that I had to dwell on the good and beautiful in order to keep my imagination, sensitivity, and gratitude intact. I knew it would not be easy to maintain this perspective. I knew I would often twist and turn, bend and crack a little, but I also knew that…I would never completely break.”
“I've got a theory, it could be bunnies  I've got a theor- Bunnies aren't just cute like everybody supposes They've got them hoppy legs and twitchy little noses. And what's with all the carrots-? What do they need such good eyesight for anyway? Bunnies, bunnies it must be bunnies!  or maybe midgets ”
“With hurricanes, tornados, fires out of control, mud slides, flooding, severe thunderstorms tearing up the country from one end to another, and with the threat of bird flu and terrorist attacks, "Are we sure this is a good time to take God out of the Pledge of Allegiance?”
“You're gonna have to serve somebody; well, it may be the devil, or it may be the Lord, but you're gonna have to serve somebody ”
“Challenge a person's beliefs, and you challenge his dignity, standing, and power. And when those beliefs are based on nothing but faith, they are chronically fragile. No one gets upset about the belief that rocks fall down as opposed to up, because all sane people can see it with their own eyes. Not so for the belief that babies are born with original sin or that God exists in three persons or that Ali is the second-most divinely inspired man after Muhammad. When people organize their lives around these beliefs, and then learn of other people who seem to be doing just fine without them--or worse, who credibly rebut them--they are in danger of looking like fools. Since one cannot defend a belief based on faith by persuading skeptics it is true, the faithful are apt to react to unbelief with rage, and may try to eliminate that affront to everything that makes their lives meaningful.”
“We live in a culture that has, for centuries now, cultivated the idea that the skeptical person is always smarter than one who believes. You can almost be as stupid as a cabbage as long as you doubt.”
“Being in a hurry. Getting to the next thing without fully entering the thing in front of me. I cannot think of a single advantage I've ever gained from being in a hurry. But a thousand broken and missed things, tens of thousands, lie in the wake of all the rushing . Through all that haste I thought I was making up time. It turns out I was throwing it away.”
“Conscious faith is freedom. Emotional faith is slavery. Mechanical faith is foolishness.”
“Her absence is like the sky, spread over everything. But no, that is not quite accurate. There is one place where her absence comes locally home to me, and it is a place I can't avoid. I mean my own body. It had such a different importance while it was the body of H.'s lover. Now it's like an empty house.”
“Shine your soul with the same egoless humility as the rainbow and no matter where you go in this world or the next, love will find you, attend you, and bless you.”
“Confidence in others' honesty is no light testimony of one's own integrity.”
“Trust and faith bring joy to life and help relationships grow to their maximum potential.”
“There isn't any questioning the fact that some people enter your life, at the exact point of need, want or desire - it's sometimes a coincendence and most times fate, but whatever it is, I am certain it came to make me smile.”
“Never, ever stop believing in magic, no matter how old you get. Because if you keep looking long enough and don't give up, sooner or later you're going to find Mary Poppins.”
“Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.”
“You should read something else." Why would he have done that to him?" I don't know," she said. Do you ever feel like Job?" She smiled, a little twinkle in her eyes. Sometimes." But you haven't lost your faith?" No," I knew she hadn't, but I think I was losing mine. Is it because you think you might get better?" No," she said,"its because its the only thing I have left.”
“God never talks. But the devil keeps advertising, Father. The devil does a lot of commercials.”
“I'm a Christian first, and a mean-spirited, bigoted conservative second, and don't you ever forget it. You know who else was kind of "divisive" in terms of challenging the status quo and the powers-that-be of his day? Jesus Christ.”
“Pactum serva" - "Keep the faith”
“Have faith have faith. When you have nothing else have faith.”
“True faith rests upon the character of God and asks no further proof than the moral perfections of the One who cannot lie.”
“If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.”
“When you are happy, so happy you have no sense of needing Him, so happy that you are tempted to feel His claims upon you as an interruption, if you remember yourself and turn to Him with gratitude and praise, you will be — or so it feels— welcomed with open arms. But go to Him when your need is desperate, when all other help is vain, and what do you find? A door slammed in your face, and a sound of bolting and double bolting on the inside. After that, silence.”
“I have one desire now - to live a life of reckless abandon for the Lord, putting all my energy and strength into it.”
“Lord, when I feel that what I'm doing is insignificant and unimportant, help me to remember that everything I do is significant and important in your eyes, because you love me and you put me here, and no one else can do what I am doing in exactly the way I do it.”
“Give me the storm and tempest of thought and action, rather than the dead calm of ignorance and faith! Banish me from Eden when you will; but first let me eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge!”
“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
“My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.”
“And God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that in all things at all times, having all that you need, you will abound in every good work.”
“He who thinks half-heartedly will not believe in God; but he who really thinks has to believe in God.”
“Reason is in fact the path to faith, and faith takes over when reason can say no more.”
“I perceive God everywhere in His works. I sense Him in me; I see Him all around me.”
“Care more for a grain of faith than a ton of excitement.”
“I believe in my mask-- The man I made up is me I believe in my dance-- And my destiny”
“That which can be destroyed by the truth should be.”
“I could not believe in a God that would challenge faith like this.”
“Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.”
“You don't get to advertise all the good that your religion does without first scrupulously subtracting all the harm it does and considering seriously the question of whether some other religion, or no religion at all, does better.”
“When we see a door closed very tight, God sees a window right in our sight.”
“It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.”
“أتعلم لو كنت بقربي الآن ؟ لكنت ضممتك إلي بكل ما أوتيت من عشق وشوق إليك .. ووضعت رأسي على قلبك الذي لطالما أدمنت هواه حد الثمالة ! وسألتك بوجع هذه الأرض وماحوت : بربك لمَ أبعدتني عنك ؟”
“What is belief—what is faith—if you don't continue it after failure?”
“There is nothing like suspense and anxiety for barricading a human's mind against the Enemy. He wants men to be concerned with what they do; our business is to keep them thinking about what will happen to them.”
“We never know how God will answer our prayers, but we can expect that He will get us involved in His plan for the answer. If we are true intercessors, we must be ready to take part in God’s work on behalf of the people for whom we pray.”
“Faith, the least exclusive club on Earth, has the craftiest doorman. Every time I've stepped through its wide-open doorway, I find myself stepping out on the street again.”
“Shepherd Book: What are we up to, sweetheart? River: Fixing your Bible. Book: I, um  What? River: Bible's broken. Contradictions, false logistics - doesn't make sense. Shepherd Book: No, no. You-you-you can't  River: So we'll integrate non-progressional evolution theory with God's creation of Eden. Eleven inherent metaphoric parallels already there. Eleven. Important number. Prime number. One goes into the house of eleven eleven times, but always comes out one. Noah's ark is a problem. Shepherd Book: Really? River: We'll have to call it early quantum state phenomenon. Only way to fit 5000 species of mammal on the same boat. Shepherd Book: River, you don't fix the Bible. River: It's broken. It doesn't make sense. Book: It's not about making sense. It's about believing in something, and letting that belief be real enough to change your life. It's about faith. You don't fix faith, River. It fixes you.”
“They knew how to live with nature and get along with nature. They didn't try too hard to be all men and no animal. That's the mistake we made when Darwin showed up. We embraced him and Huxley and Freud, all smiles. And then we discovered that Darwin and our religions didn't mix. Or at least we didn't think they did. We were fools. We tried to budge Darwin and Huxley and Freud. They wouldn't move very well. So, like idiots, we tried knocking down religion. We succeeded pretty well. We lost our faith and went around wondering what life was for. If art was no more than a frustrated outflinging of desire, if religion was no more than self-delusion, what good was life? Faith had always given us answer to all things. But it all went down the drain with Freud and Darwin. We were and still are lost people.”
“Believe to the end, even if all men went astray and you were left the only one faithful; bring your offering even then and praise God in your loneliness.”
“He showed me a sketch he'd drawn once during meditation. It was an androgynous human figure, standing up, hands clasped in prayer. But this figure had four legs, and no head. Where the head should have been, there was only a wild foliage of ferns and flowers. There was a small, smiling face drawn over the heart. To find the balance you want," Ketut spoke through his translator, "this is what you must become. You must keep your feet grounded so firmly on the earth that it's like you have four legs, instead of two. That way, you can stay in the world. But you must stop looking at the world through your head. You must look through your heart, instead. That way, you will know God.”
“Belief doesn't rest on proof or existence it rests on faith without faith there is nothing.”
“What I have a problem with is not so much religion or god, but faith. When you say you believe something in your heart and therefore you can act on it, you have completely justified the 9/11 bombers. You have justified Charlie Manson. If it's true for you, why isn't it true for them? Why are you different? If you say "I believe there's an all-powerful force of love in the universe that connects us all, and I have no evidence of that but I believe it in my heart," then it's perfectly okay to believe in your heart that Sharon Tate deserves to die. It's perfectly okay to believe in your heart that you need to fly planes into buildings for Allah.”
“Instead of being encouraged to feel completely protected, loved, honored, and respected by the Divine Force, you've been taught that you're being judged. Because you've been taught that, you feel guilt and fear. But guilt and fear do not open you connection to the Divine; they only serve to close your heart. The reality is that God's way is love, and you can see this for yourself.”
“Faith and science, I have learned, are two sides of the same coin, separated by an expanse so small, but wide enough that one side can't see the other. They don't know they are connected.”
“It's our faith that activates the power of God.”
“You can feel the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-- no matter how smart or accomplished--they cry, they yearn, they hurt. But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things: comfort, love and a peaceful heart.”
“Life is doubt, And faith without doubt is nothing but death.”
“Although it is very easy to marry a wife, it is very difficult to support her along with the children and the household. Accordingly, no one notices this faith of Jacob. Indeed, many hate fertility in a wife for the sole reason that the offspring must be supported and brought up. For this is what they commonly say: ‘Why should I marry a wife when I am a pauper and a beggar? I would rather bear the burden of poverty alone and not load myself with misery and want.’ But this blame is unjustly fastened on marriage and fruitfulness. Indeed, you are indicting your unbelief by distrusting God’s goodness, and you are bringing greater misery upon yourself by disparaging God’s blessing. For if you had trust in God’s grace and promises, you would undoubtedly be supported. But because you do not hope in the Lord, you will never prosper.”
“Sometimes it's easy to lose faith in people. And sometimes one act of kindness is all it takes to give you hope again.”
“She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.”
“Everyone would like to have stronger faith. By themselves, the scriptures may not strengthen your faith, but being faithful to what they teach, does. In other words, faith cannot be separated from faithfulness.”
“Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.”
“Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)”
“While believing strongly, without evidence, is considered a mark of madness or stupidity in any other area of our lives, faith in God still holds immense prestige in our society. Religion is the one area of our discourse where it is considered noble to pretend to be certain about things no human being could possibly be certain about. It is telling that this aura of nobility extends only to those faiths that still have many subscribers. Anyone caught worshipping Poseidon, even at sea, will be thought insane.”
“Even the merest gesture is holy if it is filled with faith.”
“If there is a divine creator, some ultimate moral authority, then why do bad things happen to good people? And why would this deity create people at all, since people are such imperfect beings?”
“Faith is realizing that you always get what you need.”
“We must cease striving and trust God to provide what He thinks is best and in whatever time He chooses to make it available. But this kind of trusting doesn't come naturally. It's a spiritual crisis of the will in which we must choose to exercise faith.”
“she was completely whole and yet never fully complete”
“The man who was once starved may revenge himself upon the world not by stealing just once, or by stealing only what he needs, but by taking from the world an endless toll in payment of something irreplaceable, which is the lost faith.”
“Accidents. It's all about the accidents.”
“Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.”
“But maybe it's what the world needs. A little less sense, and a little more faith.”
“ولو إستطعت أن أعود بعجلة الزمان إلى الوراء ، لما إخترتك لي عاشقاً ! ولأبقيتك عابراً غريباً يزور مدائني دون أن يحدث بداخلي أي ضجيج !”
“Doubt is a question mark; faith is an exclamation point. The most compelling, believable, realistic stories have included them both.”
“I must confess that I lost faith in the sanity of the world”
“Just because you don't see something doesn't mean it isn't there. Some of the most wonderful things in the world are invisible. Trusting in invisible things makes them more powerful and wondrous.”
“Soul health turns into whole health. Soul sickness turns into whole sickness.”
“We are God’s art. We are God’s poem, created to display His beauty and goodness.”
“Science adjusts its views based on what's observed Faith is the denial of observation so that belief can be preserved.”
“Surrender is the ultimate sign of strength and the foundation for a spiritual life. Surrendering affirms that we are no longer willing to live in pain. It expresses a deep desire to transcend our struggles and transform our negative emotions. It commands a life beyond our egos, beyond that part of ourselves that is continually reminding us that we are separate, different and alone. Surrendering allows us to return to our true nature and move effortlessly through the cosmic dance called life. It's a powerful statement that proclaims the perfect order of the universe. When you surrender your will, you are saying, "Even though things are not exactly how I'd like them to be, I will face my reality. I will look it directly in the eye and allow it to be here." Surrender and serenity are synonymous; you can't experience one without the other. So if it's serenity you're searching for, it's close by. All you have to do is resign as General Manager of the Universe. Choose to trust that there is a greater plan for you and that if you surrender, it will be unfolded in time. Surrender is a gift that you can give yourself. It's an act of faith. It's saying that even though I can't see where this river is flowing, I trust it will take me in the right direction.”
“I will tell you why we have these extraordinary minds and souls, Miss Whittaker," he continued, as though he had not heard her. "We have them because there is a supreme intelligence in the universe, which wishes for communion with us. This supreme intelligence longs to be known. It calls out to us. It draws us close to its mystery, and grants us these remarkable minds, in order that we try to reach for it. It wants us to find it. It wants union with us, more than anything.”
“The search for God is a reversal of the normal, mundane worldly order. In search for God, you revert from what attracts you and swim toward that which is difficult. You abandon your comforting and familiar habits with the hope (the mere hope!) that something greater will be offered you in return for what you have given up.. if we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be.. a prudent insurance policy.”
“I’M LOSING FAITH IN MY FAVORITE COUNTRY Throughout my life, the United States has been my favorite country, save and except for Canada, where I was born, raised, educated, and still live for six months each year. As a child growing up in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, I aggressively bought and saved baseball cards of American and National League players, spent hours watching snowy images of American baseball and football games on black and white television and longed for the day when I could travel to that great country. Every Saturday afternoon, me and the boys would pay twelve cents to go the show and watch U.S. made movies, and particularly, the Superman serial. Then I got my chance. My father, who worked for B.F. Goodrich, took my brother and me to watch the Cleveland Indians play baseball in the Mistake on the Lake in Cleveland. At last I had made it to the big time. I thought it was an amazing stadium and it was certainly not a mistake. Amazingly, the Americans thought we were Americans. I loved the United States, and everything about the country: its people, its movies, its comic books, its sports, and a great deal more. The country was alive and growing. No, exploding. It was the golden age of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The American dream was alive and well, but demanded hard work, honesty, and frugality. Everyone understood that. Even the politicians. Then everything changed. Partly because of its proximity to the United States and a shared heritage, Canadians also aspired to what was commonly referred to as the American dream. I fall neatly into that category. For as long as I can remember I wanted a better life, but because I was born with a cardboard spoon in my mouth, and wasn’t a member of the golden gene club, I knew I would have to make it the old fashioned way: work hard and save. After university graduation I spent the first half of my career working for the two largest oil companies in the world: Exxon and Royal Dutch Shell. The second half was spent with one of the smallest oil companies in the world: my own. Then I sold my company and retired into obscurity. In my case obscurity was spending summers in our cottage on Lake Rosseau in Muskoka, Ontario, and winters in our home in Port St. Lucie, Florida. My wife, Ann, and I, (and our three sons when they can find the time), have been enjoying that “obscurity” for a long time. During that long time we have been fortunate to meet and befriend a large number of Americans, many from Tom Brokaw’s “Greatest Generation.” One was a military policeman in Tokyo in 1945. After a very successful business carer in the U.S. he’s retired and living the dream. Another American friend, also a member of the “Greatest Generation”, survived The Battle of the Bulge and lived to drink Hitler’s booze at Berchtesgaden in 1945. He too is happily retired and living the dream. Both of these individuals got to where they are by working hard, saving, and living within their means. Both also remember when their Federal Government did the same thing. One of my younger American friends recently sent me a You Tube video, featuring an impassioned speech by Marco Rubio, Republican senator from Florida. In the speech, Rubio blasts the spending habits of his Federal Government and deeply laments his country’s future. He is outraged that the U.S. Government spends three hundred billion dollars, each and every month. He is even more outraged that one hundred and twenty billion of that three hundred billion dollars is borrowed. In other words, Rubio states that for every dollar the U.S. Government spends, forty cents is borrowed. I don’t blame him for being upset. If I had run my business using that arithmetic, I would be in the soup kitchens. If individual American families had applied that arithmetic to their finances, none of them would be in a position to pay a thin dime of taxes.”
“I was a terrible believer in things,but I was also a terrible nonbeliever in things. I was as searching as I was skeptical. I didn't know where to put my faith,or if there was such a place,or even what the word faith meant, in all of it's complexity. Everything seemed to be possibly potent and possibly fake.”
“There's a long road of suffering ahead of you. But don't lose courage. You've already escaped the gravest danger: selection. So now, muster your strength, and don't lose heart. We shall all see the day of liberation. Have faith in life. Above all else, have faith. Drive out despair, and you will keep death away from yourselves. Hell is not for eternity. And now, a prayer - or rather, a piece of advice: let there be comradeship among you. We are all brothers, and we are all suffering the same fate. The same smoke floats over all our heads. Help one another. It is the only way to survive.”
“Faith does not need to push the river because faith is able to trust that there is a river. The river is flowing. We are in it.”
“If you can see the invisible, God will do the impossible.”
“A faith that cannot survive collision with the truth is not worth many regrets.”
“Faith and Reason are like two wings of the human spirit by which is soars to the truth.”
“No matter how many people believe or don’t believe in you, you must be the ultimate believer in yourself!”
“We never know when our last day on earth will be. So, love with full sincerity, believe with true faith, and hope with all of your might. Better to have lived in truth and discovered life, than to have lived half heartedly and died long before you ever ceased breathing. ”
“Man is manifestly not the measure of all things. This universe is shot through with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name.”
“Love- the infatuation kind- 'he's so handsome, she's so beautiful'- that can shrivel. As soon as something goes wrong, that kind of love can fly out the window. ”
“There are some places in life where you can only go alone. Embrace the beauty of your solo journey.”
“History dressed up in the glow of love’s kiss turned grief into beauty.”
“The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry.”
“The world offers you comfort. But you were not made for comfort. You were made for greatness”
“True faith manifests itself through our actions.”
“All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired.”
“My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way”
“What you do matters — but not much. What you are matters tremendously.”
“Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place ”
“Loving another person is a wonderful thing, and if that love is sincere, no one ends up tossed into a labyrinth. You have to have more faith in yourself.”
“ art must must carry man's craving for the ideal, must be an expression of his reaching out towards it; that art must give man hope and faith. And the more hopeless the world in the artist's version, the more clearly perhaps must we see the ideal that stands in opposition - otherwise life becomes impossible! Art symbolises the meaning of our existence.”
“All that we call human history--money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery--[is] the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.”
“The one thing I have absolute faith in is mankind's capacity to make things worse. No matter how bad it gets, we're all happy to screw each other over. It's enough to make me wonder if we should have let the zombies win.”
“The Bible doesn’t tell us exactly why God wasn’t satisfied with the fruits and veggies Cain offered up. Maybe he kept the juiciest peaches and sweetest mangoes for himself and offered God nothing but brussels sprouts and spinach.”
“Why are you drinking? - the little prince asked. - In order to forget - replied the drunkard. - To forget what? - inquired the little prince, who was already feeling sorry for him. - To forget that I am ashamed - the drunkard confessed, hanging his head. - Ashamed of what? - asked the little prince who wanted to help him. - Ashamed of drinking! - concluded the drunkard, withdrawing into total silence. And the little prince went away, puzzled. 'Grown-ups really are very, very odd', he said to himself as he continued his journey.”
“For he who loves God without faith reflects on himself, while the person who loves God in faith reflects on God.”
“The desire for a strong faith is not the proof of a strong faith, rather the opposite. If one has it one may permit oneself the beautiful luxury of skepticism: one is secure enough, fixed enough for it.”
“Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further.”
“And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me”
“The life of faith is not a life of mounting up with wings, but a life of walking and not fainting.”
“My idea of God is not a divine idea. It has to be shattered time after time. He shatters it Himself.”
“Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.”
“ضع في يدي القيد ألهب أضلعي بالسوط ضع عنقي على السكين لن تستطيع حصار فكري ساعة أو محو إيماني و نور يقيني فالنور في قلبي و قلبي في يدي ربي و ربي ناصري و معنيني”
“Doubts are the ants in the pants of faith. They keep it awake and moving.”
“Profound joy of the heart is like a magnet that indicates the path of life.”
“I think of how life takes unexpected twists and turns, sometimes through sheer happenstance, sometimes through calculated decisions. In the end, it can all be called fate, but to me, it is more a matter of faith.”
“Oh what a wonderful soul so bright inside you. Got power to heal the sun’s broken heart, power to restore the moon’s vision too.”
“A few songs with Him might change the way you sing. Forever.”
“We know enough at this moment to say that the God of Abraham is not only unworthy of the immensity of creation; he is unworthy even of man.”
“I learned that the search for God is a Dark Night, that Faith is a Dark Night. And that’s hardly a surprise really, because for us each day is a dark night. None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, and yet still we go forward. Because we trust. Because we have Faith.”
“I wouldn't burden any decent system of faith by participating in it  I'm not agnostic. Just nonpartisan. Theological Switzerland, that's me.”
“Addiction" might be the best word to explain the lostness that so deeply permeates society. Our addiction make us cling to what the world proclaims as the keys to self-fulfillment: accumulation of wealth and power; attainment of status and admiration; lavish consumption of food and drink, and sexual gratification without distinguishing between lust and love. These addictions create expectations that cannot but fail to satisfy our deepest needs. As long as we live within the world's delusions, our addictions condemn us to futile quests in "the distant country," leaving us to face an endless series of disillusionments while our sense of self remains unfulfilled. In these days of increasing addictions, we have wandered far away from our Father's home. The addicted life can aptly be designated a life lived in "a distant country." It is from there that our cry for deliverance rises up.”
“The only thing that stands between a person and what they want in life is the will to try it and the faith to believe it is possible.”
“God does not require that we be successful only that we be faithful.”
“Life without thankfulness is devoid of love and passion. Hope without thankfulness is lacking in fine perception. Faith without thankfulness lacks strength and fortitude. Every virtue divorced from thankfulness is maimed and limps along the spiritual road.”
“Nobody wants to look like a fool. Nine times out of ten, that reason alone keeps people from allowing themselves to believe.”
“You are where you need to be. Just take a deep breath.”
“He who has not God in himself cannot feel His absence.”
“All things are inconstant except the faith in the soul, which changes all things and fills their inconstancy with light.”
“There is no conclusive evidence of life after death, but there is no evidence of any sort against it. Soon enough you will know, so why fret about it?”
“Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.”
“knowledge, absolutely sure of its infallibility, is faith”
“I live in the faith that there is a Presence and Power greater than I am that nurtures and supports me in ways I could not even imagine. I know that this Presence is All knowing and All Power and is Always right where I am”
“If you have not confronted true horrors, understood evil, suffered hopelessness and despair, found faith, and made yourself completely accountable for your own choices, actions and outcomes, then I can guarantee that any acceptance you pretend to have will be as brittle and temporary as a snowball in the middle of summer.”
“Belief creates the actual fact.”
“هل تعلمين أن الناس لا يعرفون عنا سوى نهاياتنا ؟عندما نموت ,نصبح رمزًا للجهاد والمقاومة. والرمز لا حياة شخصية لديه ولا احتياجات, لديه هدف فقط , من أجله يعيش ومن أجله يموت, بهذا المعنى نكون "مخلوقات ظل" تهفوا إلى "النور" نكون قد عبرنا إلى منطقة النور حين نستشهد. كينونتنا منذ زمن هي كينونة هذا "الرمز" كل نفس يتردد في صدورنا هو في سبيل الله. فكيف نعود إلى حياة البشر الفانين؟ نحيا لنأكل ونقرأ ونتفسح وننام .. لنعيد الكرة في اليوم التالي "التكرار" تلك الكلمة المقيتة. أليس التكرار هو طابع جهنم؟ جسد يحترق ثم يُكسَى لحمًا ليحترق مرة أخرى كأن شيئًا لم يكن؟”
“God moves in mysterious ways His wonders to performs”
“At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid.”
“I look out the window again, taking slow, deep breaths into a body too tense to move. And as I stare out at the land, I think that this, if nothing else, is compelling evidence for my parents’ God, that our world is so massive that it is completely out of our control, that we cannot possibly be as large as we feel. -Tris Prior”
“faith is the art of holding on to things in spite of your changing moods and circumstances.”
“Perhaps it takes a purer faith to praise God for unrealized blessings than for those we once enjoyed or those we enjoy now.”
“Disbelief is more resistant than faith because it is sustained by the senses.”
“Faith is not so much something we believe; faith is something we live.”
“I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.”
“Reason is a whore, the greatest enemy that faith has; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things, but more frequently than not struggles against the divine Word, treating with contempt all that emanates from God.”
“It must be comforting, to have a faith like that. To believe so concretely that there’s someone—something— out there watching guard, keeping us safe, testing us only with what we can handle.”
“Leap, and the net will appear.”
“I know how much you grieve over those who are under your care: those you try to help and fail, those you cannot help. Have faith in God and remember that He will is His own way and in His own time complete what we so poorly attempt. Often we do not achieve for others the good that we intend but achieve something, something that goes on from our effort. Good is an overflow. Where we generously and sincerely intend it, we are engaged in a work of creation which may be mysterious even to ourselves - and because it is mysterious we may be afraid of it. But this should not make us draw back. God can always show us, if we will, a higher and a better way; and we can only learn to love by loving. Remember that all our failures are ultimately failures in love. Imperfect love must not be condemned and rejected but made perfect. The way is always forward, never back.”
“Let your life reflect the faith you have in God. Fear nothing and pray about everything. Be strong, trust God's word, and trust the process.”
“Faith strikes me as intellectual laziness.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“Adam understood, then, that Gansey and Blue’s awe changed this place. Ronan and Adam may have seen this place as magical, but Gansey and Blue’s wonder made it holy.”
“God whispered, "You endured a lot. For that I am truly sorry, but grateful. I needed you to struggle to help so many. Through that process you would grow into who you have now become. Didn't you know that I gave all my struggles to my favorite children? One only needs to look at the struggles given to your older brother Jesus to know how important you have been to me.”
“If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience.”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not.”
“Depression is about anger, it is about anxiety, it is about character and heredity. But it is also about something that is in its way quite unique. It is the illness of identity, it is the illness of those who do not know where they fit, who lose faith in the myths they have so painstakenly created for themselves. [ ] It is a plague - especially if you add in its various forms of expression, like alcoholism, anorexia, bulimia, drug addiction, compulsive behaviour of one kind or another. They're all the same things: attempts to avoid disappearance, or nothingness, or chaos.”
“But to mean it when I say that I want my life to count for His glory is to drive a stake through the heart of self - a painful and determined dying to me that must be a part of every day I live.”
“The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.”
“It would be the height of absurdity to label ignorance tempered by humility "faith"! (Institutio III.2.3)”
“The same everlasting Father who cares for you today will care for you tomorrow and every day. Either he will shield you from suffering or give you unfailing strength to bear it. Be at peace then and put aside all anxious thoughts and imaginings.”
“Though I do not believe in the order of things, still the sticky little leaves that come out in the spring are dear to me, the blue sky is dear to me, some people are dear to me, whom one loves sometimes, would you believe it, without even knowing why; some human deeds are dear to me, which one has perhaps long ceased believing in, but still honors with one's heart, out of old habit " --Ivan Karamazov”
“In prison, I fell in love with my country. I had loved her before then, but like most young people, my affection was little more than a simple appreciation for the comforts and privileges most Americans enjoyed and took for granted. It wasn't until I had lost America for a time that I realized how much I loved her. ”
“Life is like butter - when things cool down it can be reshaped”
“God has prepared for Himself one great song of praise throughout eternity, and those who enter the community of God join in this song. It is the song that the “morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy” at the creation of the world. (Job 38:7). It is the victory song of the children of Israel after passing through the Red Sea, the Magnificat of Mary after the annunciation, the song of Paul and Silas in the night of prison, the song of the singers on the sea of glass after their rescue, the “song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb” (Rev. 15:3) It is the song of the heavenly fellowship.”
“I was in love with everything- I wanted to look with love at the angry people so that their eyes would be forced to respond; and I wanted to bring gifts to the envious and tell them that I am worthless.”
“For me the most radical demand of Christian faith lies in summoning the courage to say yes to the present risenness of Jesus Christ.”
“Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.”
“That's how you avoid becoming a moth," he says. "Stop asking others what to believe. Figure it out for yourself.”
“Satan to Jesus: Well, I see someone has a bad case of the hangries. You might want to consider using your godly powers to turn these desert rocks into loaves of bread. Maybe if you engage in some serious carb-loading, you’ll regain what little sense of humor you had before you started this ridiculous hunger strike.”
“Faith in God includes Faith in God's timing.”
“Say I feel all sad and self-indulgent, then get stung by a wasp, my misery feels quite abstract and I long just to be in spiritual pain once more - 'damn you tiny assassin, clad in yellow and black, how I crave my former innocence where melancholy was my only trial'.”
“The more you go with the flow of life and surrender the outcome to God, and the less you seek constant clarity, the more you will find that fabulous things start to show up in your life.”
“Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“There’s something really cool about knowing that your destiny is SO big that you’re not meant to share it with anyone. At least not yet.”
“Faith is a fine invention When gentlemen can see, But microscopes are prudent In an emergency.”
“I will not attack your doctrines nor your creeds if they accord liberty to me. If they hold thought to be dangerous - if they aver that doubt is a crime, then I attack them one and all, because they enslave the minds of men. I attack the monsters, the phantoms of imagination that have ruled the world. I attack slavery. I ask for room -- room for the human mind.”
“No matter how many times you failed or have fallen, no matter how many times you’ve denied God, He will not deny you.”
“I can only say that I am nothing but a poor sinner, trusting in Christ alone for salvation.”
“When you are down to nothing, God is up to somethng. It is up to you to reach out to find what God is up to for you.”
“I love the recklessness of faith. First you leap, and then you grow wings.”
“My faith is big enough to accept all of God's wonders.”
“Science tells me God must exist. My mind tells me I'll never understand God. My heart tells me I'm not meant to. [Vittoria Vetra]”
“Does your love reach this far, God? And if it extends to heaven and beyond… why can’t it seem to find me?”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.”
“I went to the recreation room and knelt down in front of the same Nativity scene where I’d prayed to Baby Jesus to find my mother when I was a child. I looked at him lying there in his bed of hay and wondered why this scene never left me. Over the years, whenever I prayed, I prayed to Baby Jesus. He was the miracle baby who never grew up. I believed that he really listened to me and often answered me. As I knelt there I realized that Sister Silvestris was right all along. She told us every Christmas that whatever we asked of Baby Jesus he’d grant us.”
“You've a right to believe that we're governed by Nature and the hidden Force within her. You can think that the gods, including my Melitele, are merely a personification of this power invented for simpletons so they can understand it better, accept its existence. According to you, that power is blind. But for me, Geralt, faith allows you to expect what my goddess personifies from nature: order, law, goodness. And hope.”
“At such times, the heart of man turns instictively towards his Maker. In prosperity, and whenever there is nothing to injure or make him afraid, he remembers Him not, and is ready to defy Him; but place him in the midst of dangers, cut him off from human aid, let the grave open before him, then it is, in the time of his tribulation, that the scoffer and unbelieving man turns to God for help, feeling there is no other hope, or refuge, or safety, save in his protecting arm.”
“We're stronger than we think.”
“Faith and love are apt to be spasmodic in the best minds. Men live the brink of mysteries and harmonies into which they never enter, and with their hands on the door-latch they die outside.”
“The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it emotionally. A higher paradox confounds the emotion as well as reason and there are long periods in the lives of all of us, when the truth as revealed by faith is hideous, emotionally disturbing, downright repulsive. Witness the dark night of the soul in individual saints . . .”
“The Christian should work as if all depended upon him, and pray as if it all depended upon God.”
“It is better to live ready than to get ready!”
“No matter what argument you make against evolution, the response is Well, you know, it's possible to believe in evolution and believe in God. Yes, and it's possible to believe in Spiderman and believe in God, but that doesn't prove Spiderman is true.”
“Where humanity sowed faith, hope, and unity, joy’s garden blossomed.”
“Ask and it shall be given you,'" I began. "'Seek and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you; For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.' We have the same message in the Book of Saint John," I said, sounding for all the world like a preacher ." Well, but how could I just stop there? Those words were worse than nothing if I didn't tell what they meant to Grandpa. Looking at the long rough box, I spoke timid, in a mumbled voice. Not preachified at all. "Grandpa didn't think Jesus meant, by that, that we should ast God for things, or for special favors. He said we could trust that in the nature of things, without astin', we'll get lots of blessin's and happy surprises and maybe a miracle or two. When Jesus said ast and you'll get it, He meant things of the spirit, not the flesh. Right now for instance, I could ast, 'Lord please raise Grandpa from the dead,' but it wouldn't happen. But I can say, 'Please, God, comfort me,' and I'll get heart's ease. Grandpa said Jesus meant us to ast for hope, forgiveness, and all that. Ast, 'Hep us not be scared, hep us not be greedy, give us courage to try." I was really carried away. "Ast any such and God will give it to you. But don't ast Him not to let fire burn, or say spare me from death. At least, uh, that's what Grandpa said.”
“It’s called walking by faith, not sitting by faith”
“It all comes down to a choice. Either choose a life separate from God, which comes with the worry that things can fall apart at any moment, or follow the Lord and enjoy extraordinary confidence in knowing you can achieve greatness and will have the happiest of endings.”
“Our hearts of stone become hearts of flesh when we learn where the outcast weeps.”
“We are not on this planet to ask forgiveness of our deities”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.”
“What we are waiting for is not as important as what happens to us while we are waiting. Trust the process.”
“Gifts of grace come to all of us. But we must be ready to see and willing to receive these gifts. It will require a kind of sacrifice, the sacrifice of believing that, however painful our losses, life can still be good — good in a different way then before, but nevertheless good. I will never recover from my loss and I will never got over missing the ones I lost. But I still cherish life. . . . I will always want the ones I lost back again. I long for them with all my soul. But I still celebrate the life I have found because they are gone. I have lost, but I have also gained. I lost the world I loved, but I gained a deeper awareness of grace. That grace has enabled me to clarify my purpose in life and rediscover the wonder of the present moment.”
“The way of Jesus cannot be imposed or mapped — it requires an active participation in following Jesus as he leads us through sometimes strange and unfamiliar territory, in circumstances that become clear only in the hesitations and questionings, in the pauses and reflections where we engage in prayerful conversation with one another and with him.”
“Faith is a great thing, and really religious people would like us to believe that faith and knowing are the same thing, but I don't believe that myself. Because there are too many different ideas on the subject. What we know is this: When we die, one of two things happens. Either our souls and thoughts somehow survive the experience of dying or they don't. If they do, that opens up every possibility you could think of. If they don't, it's just blotto. The end.”
“There had to be dark and muddy waters so that the sun could have something to background it's flashing glory.”
“What we call rational grounds for our beliefs are often extremely irrational attempts to justify our instincts.”
“Faith doesn't mean that you never doubt. It only means that you never act upon your doubts.”
“To believe that what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man.”
“Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: It comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur.”
“[The] insistence on the absolutely indiscriminate nature of compassion within the Kingdom is the dominant perspective of almost all of Jesus' teaching. What is indiscriminate compassion? 'Take a look at a rose. Is is possible for the rose to say, "I'll offer my fragrance to good people and withhold it from bad people"? Or can you imagine a lamp that withholds its rays from a wicked person who seeks to walk in its light? It could do that only be ceasing to be a lamp. And observe how helplessly and indiscriminately a tree gives its shade to everyone, good and bad, young and old, high and low; to animals and humans and every living creature -- even to the one who seeks to cut it down. This is the first quality of compassion -- its indiscriminate character.' (Anthony DeMello, The Way to Love)  What makes the Kingdom come is heartfelt compassion: a way of tenderness that knows no frontiers, no labels, no compartmentalizing, and no sectarian divisions.”
“I prayed that our growth would be as strong and determined as the seeds of coconut palms, boldly reaching skyward toward the sun diligently boring deeper into the earth to secure a firm foundation for the beautiful, durable, fruit-bearing trees they would become. For me, Mhonda was the place to continue the growth of the still young but strong roots of my tree planted in Kifungilo. This was my life now, the life I’d prayed for, the life that would provide me with an education and would open doors. I wanted this life very much. I told my wavering spirit to bear with me because, just like the coconut palm, I would sway and bend and bruise, but I would survive. I would have to become the tree in the African saying: ‘The tree that bends with the wind does not break.”
“What do people fear most about death? I asked the reb. "Fear?" he thought for a moment. 'Well, for one thing, what happens next? Where do we go? Is it what we imagined?" That's big. "Yes. But there's something else." What else? He leaned forward. "Being forgotten," he whispered.”
“ history has shown that the most terrible crimes against love have been committed in the name of fanatically defended doctrines.”
“When you aren't sincere you need to pretend, and by pretending you end up believing yourself; that's the basic principle of every faith.”
“God’s revelation does not need the light of human genius, the polish and strength of human culture, the brilliancy of human thought, the force of human brains to adorn or enforce it; but it does demand the simplicity, the docility, humility, and faith of a child’s heart.”
“Living in a world such as this is like dancing on a live volcano.”
“Faith makes all things possible. Love makes them easy.”
“You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil.”
“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“Do not ask directions from the people around you. Ask directions from the person who called you.”
“There is nothing foolish about hope.”
“God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.”
“For centuries the church has stood by while science picked away at religion bit by bit. Debunking miracles. Training the mind to overcome the heart. Condemning religion as the opiate of the masses. They denounce God as a hallucination - a delusional crutch for those too weak to accept that life is meaningless. I could not stand by while science presumed to harness the power of God himself! Proof, you say? Yes, proof of science's ignorance! What is wrong with the admission that something exists beyond our understanding? The day science substantiates God in a lab is the day people stop needing faith!”
“Faith is always coveted most and needed most urgently where will is lacking; for will, as the affect of command, is the decisive sign of sovereignty and strength. In other words, the less one knows how to command, the more urgently one covets someone who commands, who commands severely—a god, prince, class, physician, father confessor, dogma, or party conscience. From this one might perhaps gather that the two world religions, Buddhism and Christianity, may have owed their origin and above all their sudden spread to a tremendous collapse and disease of the will. And that is what actually happened: both religions encountered a situation in which the will had become diseased, giving rise to a demand that had become utterly desperate for some "thou shalt." Both religions taught fanaticism in ages in which the will had become exhausted, and thus they offered innumerable people some support, a new possibility of willing, some delight in willing. For fanaticism is the only "strength of the will" that even the weak and insecure can be brought to attain, being a sort of hypnotism of the whole system of the senses and the intellect for the benefit of an excessive nourishment (hypertrophy) of a single point of view and feeling that henceforth becomes dominant— which the Christian calls his faith. Once a human being reaches the fundamental conviction that he must be commanded, he becomes "a believer." Conversely, one could conceive of such a pleasure and power of self-determination, such a freedom of the will [ This conception of "freedom of the will" ( alias, autonomy) does not involve any belief in what Nietzsche called "the superstition of free will" in section 345 ( alias, the exemption of human actions from an otherwise universal determinism).] that the spirit would take leave of all faith and every wish for certainty, being practiced in maintaining himself on insubstantial ropes and possibilities and dancing even near abysses. Such a spirit would be the free spirit par excellence.”
“Skin boils! Boils cause serious pain and physical suffering, and you also have to consider the ugliness factor. Even the most powerful zit cream on earth would be no match for the Lord Almighty’s epidermal masterpieces. So this one wins for my pick of the nastiest of the first nine plagues -- a dubious honor indeed.”
“I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. ( John 11:25-26 )”
“And what god do you serve, then?” “Whichever will grant me good fortune.” “I don’t think gods work that way.” “I don’t think I care.”
“Faith is not about finding meaning in the world, there may be no such thing -- faith is the belief in our capacity to create meaningful lives.”
“The soul hardly ever realizes it, but whether he is a believer or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.”
“Low self-esteem causes me to believe that I have so little worth that my response does not matter. With repentance, however, I understand that being worth so much to God is why my response is so important. Repentance is remedial work to mend our minds and hearts, which get bent by sin.”
“Much of what we called "depression" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for.”
“Perhaps evil is the crucible of goodness  and perhaps even Satan - Satan, in spite of himself - somehow serves to work out the will of God.”
“[Y]ou have to stop loving and pursuing Christ in order to sin. When you are pursuing love, running toward Christ, you do not have opportunity to wonder, *Am I doing this right?* or *Did I serve enough this week?* When you are running toward Christ, you are freed up to serve, love, and give thanks without guilt, worry or fear. As long as you are running, you're safe.”
“By what men think, we create the world around us, daily new.”
“The human ego is the ugliest part of man. We lift up men who only show us darkness, and put down those brave enough to show us the light. Likewise, people engage in darkness when it is light outside, and acknowledge the light only when it is dark. We abandon those fighting for us to cheer behind those fighting against us. And, we only remember good people and God when it is convenient for us, and take them for granted because their doors are always open - only to chase after closed doors and personalities void of substance and truth.”
“Aura, I'm really patient, but I'm not a bloody saint.”
“We fall from womb to tomb, from one blackness and toward another, remembering little of the one and knowing nothing of the other   except through faith.”
“If you place [your bet] with God, you lose nothing, even if it turns out that God does not exist. But if you place it against God, and you are wrong and God does exist, you lose everything.”
“Love without hope will not survive. Love without faith changes nothing. Love gives power to hope and faith.”
“Faith is accepting what makes no sense, what we cannot prove, but know down deep in our souls is real.”
“Nobody can turn you into a slave unless you allow them. Nobody can make you afraid of anything, unless you allow them. Nobody can tell you to do something wrong, unless you allow them. God never created you to be a slave, man did. God never created division or set up any borders between brothers, man did. God never told you hurt or kill another, man did. So why is man your god, and not the Creator?”
“He who believes needs no explanation.”
“If faith never encounters doubt, if truth never struggles with error, if good never battles evil, how can faith know its own power? In my own pilgrimage, if I had to choose between a faith that has stared doubt in the eye and made it blink, or a naive faith that has never known the firing line of doubt, I will choose the former every time.”
“Daughter, we didn't need your note - or a prince's visit - to tell us you'd done nothing wrong. We know the daughter we raised. We fear for your future, but never for your character. You take our love and our trust wherever you wander. Father.”
“The difference between faith and insanity is that faith is the ability to hold firmly to a conclusion that is incompatible with the evidence, whereas insanity is the ability to hold firmly to a conclusion that is incompatible with the evidence.”
“Unless you are willing to do the ridiculous, God will not do the miraculous. When you have God, you don’t have to know everything about it; you just do it.”
“Faith is a cop-out. If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can't be taken on its own merits. It is intellectual bankruptcy.”
“if someone has just hurt you or broken your heart, if someone has just died, all the grace you need is there-waiting for you to receive it. As long as we are pulled inward-despair and self attention, we aren't free to reach for God's grace. If we mean to leave ourselves alone, we must keep a hand free.”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“A person who is truly cool is a work of art. And remember, original works of art cost exponentially higher than imitations. Just take a look at the the coolest people in history. They will always be a part of history for being extremely original individuals, not imitations.”
“I used to think mercy meant showing kindness to someone who didn't deserve it, as if only the recipient defined the act. The girl in between has learned that mercy is defined by its giver. Our flaws are obvious, yet we are loved and able to love, if we choose, because there is that bit of the divine still smoldering in us.”
“We see them as they cannot, will not, see each other--we see his heart in the way he looks at her; we see her soul calling out for his every touch. It would be so easy if they could only see inside each other as we can. And yet, there is beauty in the way they find each other: slowly, in a fragile dance of sidelong glances and accidental touches. To see them come together, souls binding without knowing each other as we do, without being certain of what the other's heart holds, is to learn something new  Faith.”
“If I could take a bite of the whole world And feel it on my palate I’d be more happy for a minute or so  But I don’t always want to be happy. Sometimes you have to be Unhappy to be natural  Not every day is sunny. When there’s been no rain for a while, you pray for it to come. So I take unhappiness with happiness Naturally, like someone who doesn’t find it strange That there are mountains and plains And that there are cliffs and grass  What you need is to be natural and calm In happiness and in unhappiness, To feel like someone seeing, To think like someone walking, And when it’s time to die, remember the day dies, And the sunset is beautiful, and the endless night is beautiful  That’s how it is and that’s how it should be ”
“I know now that I can make it through more than I thought, with less than I thought. I know better than to believe that the changes are over, and I know better than to believe the next ones will be easier, but I've learned the hard way that change is one of God's greatest gifts and one of his most useful tools.”
“Our forgiving love toward men is the evidence of God's forgiving love in us. It is a necessary condition of the prayer of faith.”
“Faith isn’t never having any doubts; it’s having what you need to overcome them.”
“In Love's service, only wounded soldiers can serve.”
“And here is the point, about myself and my co-thinkers. Our belief is not a belief. Our principles are not a faith. We do not rely solely upon science and reason, because these are necessary rather than sufficient factors, but we distrust anything that contradicts science or outrages reason. We may differ on many things, but what we respect is free inquiry, openmindedness, and the pursuit of ideas for their own sake.”
“Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys.”
“We tend to be preoccupied by our problems when we have a heightened sense of vulnerability and a diminished sense of power. Today, see each problem as an invitation to prayer.”
“Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.”
“Today is today, only today  tomorrow it will only be yesterday.”
“يبدو اننا جميعا بحاجة كي نؤمن بأحد ما أو شيء ما. فالحياة دون معنى او اتجاه بائسة حقا. ويبدو انه يتوجب ان نحيا من اجل هدف او شيء ما عزيز علينا ونموت من اجله، سواء كان هذا الهدف او الشيء مبدأ سياسي او خطة حياتية او أمة او حلما او فكرة او مالا او اسرة. اعتقد ان التقديس هو جبلة في الانسان، وأن قدرنا هو أن نكون عبيدا سواء شئنا ذلك ام ابينا.”
“A human being always acts and feels and performs in accordance with what he imagines to be true about himself and his environment For imagination sets the goal ‘picture’ which our automatic mechanism works on. We act, or fail to act, not because of ‘will,’ as is so commonly believed, but because of imagination.”
“Reason excludes faith," Alessandro responded, watching the blood-red mite as it made a dash for the rim. "It's deliberately limited. It won't function with the materials of religion. You can come close to proving the existence of God by reason, but you can't do it absolutely. That's because you can't do anything absolutely by reason. That's because reason depends on postulates. Postulates defy proof and yet they are essential to reason. God is a postulate. I don't think God is interested in the verification of His existence, and, therefore, neither am I. Anyway, I have professional reasons to believe. Nature and art pivot faithfully around God. Even dogs know that.”
“BLACK AND WHITE I was born into A religion of Light, But with so many other Religions and Philosophies, How do I know which ONE Is right? Is it not My birthright To seek out the light? To find Truth After surveying all the proof, Am I supposed To love Or fight? And why do all those who Try to guide me, Always start by dividing And multiplying me – From what they consider Wrong or right? I thought, There were no walls For whoever beams truth and light. And how can one speak on Light's behalf, lf all they do Is act black, But talk WHITE?”
“أنا أخبئ بين أقفاص صدري أوجاع نساء الأرض ودموع الصغار ، أنا أحمل على عاتقي خيبات ثكلى ! وفي حنجرتي تستقر حشرجة حزن مدوية .. أنا الأنثى التي تقام كل ليلة على مدائن قلبها مآتم الخذلان ! وبالرغم من ذلك الأسى المفرط .. . تبتسم وتمضي دونما إكتراث !”
“The opposite of faith is not doubt, but certainty. Certainty is missing the point entirely. Faith includes noticing the mess, the emptiness and discomfort, and letting it be there until some light returns. Faith also means reaching deeply within, for the sense one was born with, the sense, for example, to go for a walk.”
“The faith is not the problem, Bernadette. The problem is the faithful.”
“For all works and things, which are either commanded or forbidden by God and thus have been instituted by the supreme Majesty, are 'musts.' Nevertheless, no one should be dragged to them or away from them by the hair, for I can drive no man to heaven or beat him into it with a club.”
“I'm a member and preacher to that church where the blind don't see and the lame don't walk and what's dead stays that way.”
“They will become Godly when they will have God in their hearts.”
“Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.”
“Disciplined runners consistently clear their heads and focus fully on the journey ahead.. .because their passion and zeal for the goal supersedes the strain. The goal beckons them onward. Passion doesn't negate weariness; it just resolves to press beyond it.”
“There is a wisdom in children, a kind of knowing, a kind of believing, that we, as adults, do not have. There is a time when a kingdom needs its children.”
“I'm only running forward, lighting up the dark within”
“You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.”
“For man's only weapon is courage that flinches not from the gates of Hell itself, and against such not even the legions of Hell can stand.”
“A faith that hasn't been tested can't be trusted.”
“My friend Adele describes fundamentalism as holding so tightly to your beliefs that your fingernails leave imprints on the palm of your hand  I think she's right. I was a fundamentalist not because of the beliefs I held but because of how I held them: with a death grip. It would take God himself to finally pry them out of my hands. (p.17-18)”
“Her heart felt as if it were breaking in her breast, bleeding and bleeding, young and fierce. From grief over the warm and ardent love which she had lost and still secretly mourned; from anguished joy over the pale, luminous love which drew her to the farthest boundaries of life on this earth. Through the great darkness that would come, she saw the gleam of another, gentler sun, and she sensed the fragrance of the herbs in the garden at world's end.”
“At times, he didn't understand the meaning of the Koran's words. But he said he liked the enhancing sounds the Arabic words made as they rolled off his tongue. He said they comforted him, eased his heart. "They'll comfort you to . Mariam jo," he said. "You can summon then in your time of your need, and they won't fail you. God's words will never betray you, my girl.”
“In order that love be fully satisfied, It is necessary that It lower Itself and that It lower Itself to nothingness and transform this nothingness into fire.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“I’m not sure what made me think God would choose to reveal himself to little ol’ me. I think I believed that if I pleaded often and hard enough, he would see how sincere I was and grant my request, kind of like Linus and the Great Pumpkin. My sincerity would win him over so he would choose my pumpkin patch -- or, in this case, my bedroom -- to make a brief personal appearance. Unfortunately, that never happened.”
“Because salvation is by grace through faith, I believe that among the countless number of people standing in front of the throne and in front of the Lamb, dressed in white robes and holding palms in their hands (see Revelation 7:9), I shall see the prostitute from the Kit-Kat Ranch in Carson City, Nevada, who tearfully told me that she could find no other employment to support her two-year-old son. I shall see the woman who had an abortion and is haunted by guilt and remorse but did the best she could faced with grueling alternatives; the businessman besieged with debt who sold his integrity in a series of desperate transactions; the insecure clergyman addicted to being liked, who never challenged his people from the pulpit and longed for unconditional love; the sexually abused teen molested by his father and now selling his body on the street, who, as he falls asleep each night after his last 'trick', whispers the name of the unknown God he learned about in Sunday school. 'But how?' we ask. Then the voice says, 'They have washed their robes and have made them white in the blood of the Lamb.' There they are. There *we* are - the multitude who so wanted to be faithful, who at times got defeated, soiled by life, and bested by trials, wearing the bloodied garments of life's tribulations, but through it all clung to faith. My friends, if this is not good news to you, you have never understood the gospel of grace.”
“Why did they believe? Because they saw miracles. Things one man took as chance, a man of faith took as a sign. A loved one recovering from disease, a fortunate business deal, a chance meeting with a long lost friend. It wasn't the grand doctrines or the sweeping ideals that seemed to make believers out of men. It was the simple magic in the world around them.”
“Your faith will not fail while God sustains it; you are not strong enough to fall away while God is resolved to hold you.”
“Does trust have to be earned. Or is it simply a matter of faith?”
“They say time is money, but that's not true. Time is life. And if I want the fullest life, I need to find fullest time  the busyness of your life leaving little room for the source of your life  God gives us time. And who has time for God? Which makes no sense.”
“اعذرني !! لن ألوث طهري ونقائي لمجرد إرضائك ، ولن أدنس مبادئي لأكسب شرف قربك مني .. ولن أنزع رداء الطفولة من روحي من ذاتي من وجداني .. لأكون في نظرك أنثى كاملة النضوج هذه أنا إن أردتني بطهري بطفولتي بنقائي بوفائي بعطائي !! وإن لم ترغب بنجلائك كما هي .. إذهب إليهن وغادرني فكثيرات ياسيدي من هن بحجم رغباتك ! وقليلات / قليلات من هن بحجم نقائي !”
“Faith is an organ of knowledge, and love an organ of experience.”
“ Your least favorite virtue, or nominee for the most overrated one? Faith. Closely followed—in view of the overall shortage of time—by patience.”
“It's a good sign but rare instance when, in a relationship, you find that the more you learn about the other person, the more you continue to desire them. A sturdy bond delights in that degree of youthful intrigue. Love loves its youth.”
“أمقت تلك المسافات التي تفصلني عنك ، أتذمر من تلك المواقيت التي تسرقني منك .. أسخط على أعين تتأملك / على أنامل تلمسك على أنفاسك وهي تستنشقك ! على نبضاتك وهي تستشعرك ، على ثيابك وهي تعانقك”
“The whole war between the atheist and the theist comes down to this: the atheist believes a 'what' created the universe; the theist believes a 'who' created the universe.”
“The aim of all Christian education, moreover, is to train the believer in an adult faith that can make him a "new creation", capable of bearing witness in his surroundings to the Christian hope that inspires him.”
“Faith is not a blind thing; for faith begins with knowledge. It is not a speculative thing; for faith believes facts of which it is sure. It is not an unpractical, dreamy thing; for faith trusts, and stakes its destiny upon the truth of revelation.”
“Too much faith is the worst ally. When you believe in something literally, through your faith you'll turn it into something absurd. One who is a genuine adherent, if you like, of some political outlook, never takes its sophistries seriously, but only its practical aims, which are concealed beneath these sophistries. Political rhetoric and sophistries do not exist, after all, in order that they be believed; rather, they have to serve as a common and agreed upon alibi. Foolish people who take them in earnest sooner or later discover inconsistencies in them, begin to protest, and finish finally and infamously as heretics and apostates. No, too much faith never brings anything good ”
“Solitude is used to teach us how to live with other people. Rage is used to show us the infinite value of peace. Boredom is used to underline the importance of adventure & spontaneity. Silence is used to teach us to use words responsibly. Tiredness is used so that we can understand the value of waking up. Illness is used to underline the blessing of good health. Fire is used to teach us about water. Earth is used so that we can understand the value of air. Death is used to show us the importance of life.”
“I show my scars so that others know they can heal.”
“It’s a leap of faith to love people and let yourself be loved. It’s closing your eyes, stepping off a ledge into nothing, and trusting that you’ll fly rather than fall. I can’t step off the ledge for you. It’s something only you can do.”
“لا تستهين بنفسك ، حتى لو كنت قطرة ، محاولاتك المستمرة .. بصبر تستطيع أن تفتت الصخر”
“In her way, she was a hard one. Faith in any sort of natural justice was nothing but a night light; she knew of that. Whatever she did, she would end the same way with everyone does: flat on her back with a tube in her nose, wondering, "Is this all?”
“Managing stress is about controlling the way you respond to events and having an open mind about the things that stress you. Learn to talk to God during the day and ask Him to give you peace and to help you with your problems”
“Failure is a reality; we all fail at times, and it's painful when we do. But it's better to fail while striving for something wonderful, challenging, adventurous, and uncertain than to say, " I don't want to try because I may not succeed completely.”
“You start to live when you commit your life to cause higher than yourself. You must learn to depend on divine power for the fulfillment of a higher calling.”
“There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.”
“And for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.”
“Lihat, ini Arok, yang tetap mempertahankan Tumapel. Dia dan pasukannya akan mempertahankannya sampai titik darah terakhir. Bukan karena imbalan uang, emas dan perak dan singgasana. Hanya karena kesetiaan pada janji.”
“Sometimes you are in the middle of your destiny before you even know it has begun.”
“We worship…the powers that speak to our souls, if it seems they do. We do so knowing there is more to the world, and the half-world, and perhaps worlds beyond, than we can grasp. We always knew that. We can’t even stop children from dying, how would we presume to understand the truth of things? Behind things? Does the presence of one power deny another? [p. 176]”
“He can heal me. I believe He will. I believe I'm going to be an old surely Baptist preacher. And even if He doesn't that's the thing: I've read Philippians 1. I know what Paul says. I'm here let's work, if I go home? That's better. I understand that.”
“What the hell are you getting so upset about?" he asked her bewilderedly in a tone of contrite amusement. "I thought you didn't believe in God." "I don't," she sobbed, bursting violently into tears. "But the God I don't believe in is a good God, a just God, a merciful God. He's not the mean and stupid God you make Him out to be.”
“That would require faith. I do not beliebe in faith. I believe it exists but I do not believe it works. I don't know what the rules are here; I can't risk throwing everything away on a long shot.”
“Hearts rebuilt from hope resurrect dreams killed by hate.”
“Let the world know what you live for not what you fall for!”
“I plead with you--never, ever give up on hope, never doubt, never tire, and never become discouraged. Be not afraid.”
“Faith is like love: it does not let itself be forced.”
“To ignore, repress, or dismiss our feelings is to fail to listen to the stirrings of the Spirit within our emotional life. Jesus listened. In John's Gospel we are told that Jesus was moved with the deepest emotions (11:33)  The gospel portrait of the beloved Child of Abba is that of a man exquisitely attuned to His emotions and uninhibited in expressing them. The Son of Man did not scorn of reject feelings as fickle and unreliable. They were sensitive antennae to which He listened carefully and through which He perceived the will of His Father for congruent speech and action.”
“As we come to grips with our own selfishness and stupidity, we make friends with the impostor and accept that we are impoverished and broken and realize that, if we were not, we would be God. The art of gentleness toward ourselves leads to being gentle with others -- and is a natural prerequisite for our presence to God in prayer.”
“True wisdom consists in two things: Knowledge of God and Knowledge of Self.”
“I am as sure as I live that nothing is so near to me as God. God is nearer to me than I am to myself; my existence depends on the nearness and the presence of God.”
“Anyone who is having troubles should pray. Anyone who is happy should sing praises. Anyone who is sick should call the church's elders. They should pray for and pour oil on the person in the name of the Lord. And the prayer that is said with faith will make the sick person well; the Lord will heal that person. And if the person has sinned, the sins will be forgiven. Confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so God can heal you. When a believing person prays, great things happen. (James 5:13-16)”
“What looks like politics, and imagines itself to be political, will one day unmask itself as a religious movement.”
“The closer one approaches to God, the simpler one becomes.”
“Of course you don't believe in fairies. You're fifteen. You think I believed in fairies at fifteen? Took me until I was at least a hundred and forty. Hundred and fifty, maybe. Anyway, he wasn't a fairy. He was a librarian. All right?”
“Fatigue is here, in my body, in my legs and eyes. That is what gets you in the end. Faith is only a word, embroidered.”
“As Emmanuel, Cardinal Suhard says, "To be a witness does not consist in engaging in propaganda, nor even in stirring people up, but in being a living mystery. It means to live in such a way that one's life would not make sense if God did not exist.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“To many people, free will is a license to rebel not against what is unjust or hard in life but against what is best for them and true.”
“It is argued that because they believed thoroughly in a just, moral God they could put there faith there and let the smaller insecurities take care of themselves. But I think that because they trusted themselves and respected themselves as individuals, because they knew beyond doubt that they were valuable and potential moral units- because of this they could give God their own courage and dignity and then receive it back. Such things have disappeared perhaps because men do not trust themselves anymore, and when that happens there is nothing left except perhaps to find some strong sure man, even though he may be wrong, and to dangle from his coat-tails.”
“Sometimes we feel lonely, Like another brick Another wall Like no one needs you at all. Life isn't supposed to be like that, Just think for a while; You’re the brick the wall needs, You're a masterpiece. Open your eyes, And you'll see All the love around you; It was all the time beside you, You were too blind to realize Don´t you?”
“Faith is believing in something you know isn't true.”
“… Science is constantly proved all the time. You see, if we take something like any fiction, any holy book… and destroyed it, in a thousand years’ time, that wouldn’t come back just as it was. Whereas if we took every science book, and every fact, and destroyed them all, in a thousand years they’d all be back, because all the same tests would [produce] the same result.”
“Love only fails when we fail to love.”
“I believe in evolution in the sense that a short-tempered man is the successor of a crybaby.”
“As we grow detached from things, we come (with God's help) to master our desires, and we give the mastery over to God. Discipline and divine grace heal the intellect and the will of the effects of concupiscence. We can begin to see things clearly.”
“God never said that we wouldn’t have unfair situations, that we wouldn’t experience loss. But He promised if we would stay in faith, He would restore everything that was stolen.”
“In all important transactions of life we have to take a leap in the dark . If we decide to leave the riddles unanswered, that is a choice; if we waver in our answer, that, too, is a choice: but whatever choice we make, we make it at our peril. If a man chooses to turn his back altogether on God and the future, no one can prevent him; no one can show beyond reasonable doubt that he is mistaken. If a man thinks otherwise and acts as he thinks, I do not see that any one can prove that he is mistaken. Each must act as he thinks best; and if he is wrong, so much the worse for him. We stand on a mountain pass in the midst of whirling snow and blinding mist through which we get glimpses now and then of paths which may be deceptive. If we stand still we shall be frozen to death. If we take the wrong road we shall be dashed to pieces. We do not certainly know whether there is any right one. What must we do? ' Be strong and of a good courage.' Act for the best, hope for the best, and take what comes. . . . If death ends all, we cannot meet death better.”
“Devotion is diligence without assurance. Faith is a way of saying, 'Yes, I pre-accept the terms of the universe and I am voicing in advance what I am presently incapable of understanding.' There is a reason that we refer to leaps-of-faith, because the decision to consent to any notion of divinity is a mighty jump from the rational over to the unknowable, and I don't care how diligently scholars of every religion will try to sit you down with their stacks of books and prove that their faith is rational; it isn't. If they were rational, it wouldn't be - by definition - faith. Faith is belief in what you cannot see or prove or touch. Faith is walking face first and full speed into the dark.”
“The process of secularisation arises not from the loss of faith but from the loss of social interest in the world of faith. It begins the moment men feel that religion is irrelevant to the common way of life and that society as such has nothing to do with the truths of faith.”
“May the sun come, it's a new day; In the pure land of fantasy; That our darkness enlightened”
“A phenomenon often seen. A sceptic adhering to a believer; that is as simple as the law of the complementary colours. What we lack attracts us. Nobody loves the light like the blind man ”
“He had in those days imagined himself capable of extraordinary heroisms and endurances which would make the girl he loved forget the awkward hands and the spotty chin of adolescence. Everything had seemed possible. One could laugh at daydreams, but so long as you had the capacity to daydream there was a chance that you might develop some of the qualities of which you dreamed. It was like the religious discipline: words however emptily repeated can in time form a habit, a kind of unnoticed sediment at the bottom of the mind, until one day to your own surprise you find yourself acting on the belief you thought you didn't believe in.”
“There can only be two basic loves  the love of God unto the forgetfulness of self, or the love of self unto the forgetfulness and denial of God.”
“Mr. Langdon, I did not ask if you believe what man says about God. I asked if you believed in God. There is a difference. Holy scripture is stories legends and history of man's quest to understand his own need for meaning. I am not asking you to pass judgment on literature. I am asking if you believe in God. When you lie out under the stars, do you sense the divine? Do you feel in your gut that you are staring up at the work of God's hands?”
“The sorrow of God lies in our fear of Him, our fear of life, and our fear of ourselves. He anguishes over our self-absorption and self-sufficiency  God's sorrow lies in our refusal to approach Him when we sinned and failed.”
“I've always been bad. Probably I shall be bad again, punished again. But the worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy.   Or it may be a private bargain between me and God, that if I give up this one thing I want so much, however bad I am, He won't quite despair of me in the end.”
“When you see no present advantage, walk by faith and not by sight. Do God the honor to trust Him when it comes to matters of loss for the sake of principle.”
“They said that I should lose my ideals and begin to believe in the methods of practical politicians. Now, I have not lost my ideals in the least; my faith in fundamentals is exactly what it always was. What I have lost is my childlike faith in practical politics.”
“No one could really hate a saint, could they? They can't really hate God either. When they want to Hate Him and His saints they have to find something like themselves and pretends it's God and hate that.”
“My nature has always been to fight. My faith forces me to forgive.”
“Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them.”
“It is not easy to convey a sense of wonder, let alone resurrection wonder, to another. It’s the very nature of wonder to catch us off guard, to circumvent expectations and assumptions. Wonder can’t be packaged, and it can’t be worked up. It requires some sense of being there and some sense of engagement.”
“If humor and rumor are needed more than faith and truth, then it tells me something about the kind of world we live today.”
“If the Almighty directs our steps, we've no need to look back over our shoulders.”
“I told him I had once lost everything I had, too, and that I think that can be God’s way of building walls around us to force us to look up at Him.”
“Matthew 10:34 “Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword.”
“The Bible makes it clear that every time that there is a story of faith, it is completely original. God's creative genius is endless.”
“Believe more deeply. Hold your face up to the light,even though for the moment you do not see.”
“The nature of the enemy's warfare in your life is to cause you to become discouraged and to cast away your confidence. Not that you would necessarily discard your salvation, but you could give up your hope of God's deliverance. The enemy wants to numb you into a coping kind of Christianity that has given up hope of seeing God's resurrection power.”
“Faith is not believing in my own unshakable belief. Faith is believing an unshakable God when everything in me trembles and quakes.”
“When your only regret is if anyone thinks you regret anything - that is the definition of conviction.”
“I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.”
“My fear of being real, of being seen, paralyzes me into silence. I crave the touch and the connection, but I’m not always brave enough to open my hand and reach out. This is the great challenge: to be seen, accepted, and loved, I must first reveal, offer, and surrender.”
“All you have to go on is the faith of a kiss.”
“Suffering provides the gym equipment on which my faith can be exercised.”
“The geometry of judgment is a circle. Hate is a snake that turns to consume itself from the tail, a circle that diminishes to a point, then to nothing. Pride is such a snake, and envy, and greed. Love, however, is a hoop, a wheel, that rolls on forever. We are rescued by those whom we have rescued. The saved become the saviors of their saviors.”
“I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organised religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptised.”
“To my mind, faith is like being in the sun. When you are in the sun, can you avoid creating a shadow? Can you shake that area of darkness that clings to you, always shaped like you, as if constantly to remind you of yourself? You can’t. This shadow is doubt. And it goes wherever you go as long as you stay in the sun. And who wouldn’t want to be in the sun?”
“with man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible” (Matthew 19:26").”
“But we have seen how brightly light shines in the dark, how sweetly music fills the quiet. All these years you have known only shadow and silence, and we have so much to show you. To save you. I am not worth saving. We are all worth saving. How can you know? We cannot ever know, not truly. But we have faith.”
“Sacraments are like hoses. They are the channels of the living water of God's grace. Our faith is like opening the faucet. We can open it a lot, a little, or not at all.”
“My discourse leads to the truth; the mind is great and guided by this teaching is able to arrive at some understanding. When the mind has understood all things and found them to be in harmony with what has been expounded by the teachings, it is faithful and comes to rest in that beautiful faith.”
“To truly try means to accept God's love, his healing, to accept the world can be ugly, but your heart doesn't have to be. It takes courage, Finley the warrior. You haven't held on to your anger and bitterness in search of healing, but as a banner of your hurt. Because it's real and visible and strong, " she said. "But so is God's love and so are those arms he's holding out for you.”
“Faith is not the clinging to a shrine but an endless pilgrimage of the heart.”
“Tradition is the living faith of the dead, traditionalism is the dead faith of the living. And, I suppose I should add, it is traditionalism that gives tradition such a bad name.”
“Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.”
“If the Sun and Moon should ever doubt, they'd immediately go out.”
“You can’t confuse childlike faith with childish thinking.”
“A pure heart is superlatively rare and even more attractive.”
“All religions are based on obsolete terminology.”
“But what really matters is not what you believe but the faith and conviction with which you believe…”
“The Bible is the greatest of all books; to study it is the noblest of all pursuits; to understand it, the highest of all goals.”
“Do we know our poor people? Do we know the poor in our house, in our family? Perhaps they are not hungry for a piece of bread. Perhaps our children, husband, wife, are not hungry, or naked, or dispossessed, but are you sure there is no one there who feels unwanted, deprived of affection?”
“I have always been a firm believer in God and the power of prayer, though to be honest, my faith has made for alist of questions I definitely want answered after I'm gone.”
“The goal of prayer is to live all of my life and speak all of my words in the joyful awareness of the presence of God. Prayer becomes real when we grasp the reality and goodness of God's constant presence with 'the real me.' Jesus lived his everyday life in conscious awareness of his Father.”
“Maybe that's why life is so precious. No rewind or fast forward just patience and faith.”
“Faith in God is an opening up, a letting go, a deep trust, a free act of love - but sometimes it was so hard to love.”
“With faith, there are no questions; without faith, there are no answers.”
“Guys like him, the ones who grip the Bible so tight they leave fingernail grooves, they're the ones who are the most scared of their dark side. Always going too far the other way, fighting for the Lord, often just because it gives them an excuse to fight. ”
“Since the beginning of time, spirituality and religion have been called to fill in the gaps that science did not understand.”
“Although, I admit, I desire, Occasionally, some backtalk From the mute sky, I can't honestly complain: A certain minor light may still Lean incandescent Out of kitchen table or chair As if a celestial burning took Possession of the most obtuse objects now and then -- ”
“When we try to focus our thought upon One who is pure uncreated being we may see nothing at all, for He dwelleth in light that no man can approach unto. Only by faith and love are we able to glimpse Him as He passes by our shelter in the cleft of the rock.”
“Faith—is the Pierless Bridge Supporting what We see Unto the Scene that We do not— Too slender for the eye It bears the Soul as bold As it were rocked in Steel With Arms of Steel at either side— It joins—behind the Veil To what, could We presume The Bridge would cease to be To Our far, vacillating Feet A first Necessity.”
“Find what you want. I will find you.”
“Allah tests our patience and our fortitude. He tests out strength of faith. be patient and there will endless rewards for you, insha'Allah" - Utaz Badr”
“there comes a time when you have to let go all the words all the teaching and trust the infinite”
“Christian spirituality was not a children's story. It wasn't cute or neat. It was mystical and odd and clean, and it was reaching into dirty. There was wonder in it and enchantment.”
“The worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy. That is what it would mean; starting a life with you, without Him.”
“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
“Tis action moves the world .[in] the game of chess, mind that: ye cannot leave your men to stand unmoving on the board and hope to win. A soldier must first step upon the battlefield if does mean to cross it.”
“ஒன்றே சொல்வார் ஒன்றே செய்வார் உள்ளத்தில் உள்ளது அமைதி இன்பத்தில் துன்பம் துன்பத்தில் இன்பம் இறைவன் வகுத்த நியதி  வரும் துன்பத்தில் இன்பம் பத்தாகும் இந்த இரண்டு கட்டளை அறிந்த மனதில் எல்லா நன்மையும் உண்டாகும் எல்லா நன்மையும் உண்டாகும்”
“Mithorden said it well," she said finally. "It's worshipping death. They say they follow light. But, in the end, they're really following desolation, division, the end of things. You should hear their prophecies -- war, destruction, only special chosen people are spared." She felt sad and angry. Worse, she wondered to what ends people who believed these things would go to assert their views.”
“I decided I would fill the emptiness in me with God and with paint.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“I'm not a Wiccan. I'm not big on churches of any kind, despite the fact that I've spoken, face-to-face, with an archangel of the Almighty. But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine. Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others--even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are. Faith is a power of its own, and one even more elusive and difficult to define than magic.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“Peace has to be created, in order to be maintained. It is the product of Faith, Strength, Energy, Will, Sympathy, Justice, Imagination, and the triumph of principle. It will never be achieved by passivity and quietism.”
“Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“The test of faith is whether I can make space for difference. Can I recognize God's image in someone who is not in my image, who language, faith, ideal, are different from mine? If I cannot, then I have made God in my image instead of allowing him to remake me in his.”
“For if there's no everlasting God, there's no such thing as virtue, and there's no need of it.”
“Omnipotent-benevolent simply means that God is all-powerful and well-meaning.' 'I understand the concept. It's just . . . there seems to be a contradiction.' 'Yes. The contradiction is pain. Man's starvation, war, sickness . . .' 'Exactly!' Chartrand knew the camerlengo would understand. 'Terrible things happen in this world. Human tragedy seems like proof that God could not possibly be both all-powerful and well-meaning. If He loves us and has the power to change our situation, He would prevent our pain, wouldn't He?' The camerlengo frowned. 'Would He?' Chartrand felt uneasy. Had he overstepped his bounds? Was this one of those religious questions you just didn't ask? 'Well . . . if God loves us, and He can protect us, He would have to. It seems He is either omnipotent and uncaring, or benevolent and powerless to help.' 'Do you have children, Lieutenant?' Chartrand flushed. 'No, signore.' 'Imagine you had an eight-year-old son . . . would you love him?' 'Of course.' 'Would you let him skateboard?' Chartrand did a double take. The camerlengo always seemed oddly "in touch" for a clergyman. 'Yeah, I guess,' Chartrand said. 'Sure, I'd let him skateboard, but I'd tell him to be careful.' 'So as this child's father, you would give him some basic, good advice and then let him go off and make his own mistakes?' 'I wouldn't run behind him and mollycoddle him if that's what you mean.' 'But what if he fell and skinned his knee?' 'He would learn to be more careful.' The camerlengo smiled. 'So although you have the power to interfere and prevent your child's pain, you would choose to show your love by letting him learn his own lessons?' 'Of course. Pain is part of growing up. It's how we learn.' The camerlengo nodded. 'Exactly.”
“إحدى يديه كانت منهمكة بالعبث في خصلات شعري والأخرى كان ينفث بها سيجارته ، إلتقطتها منه بغضب وبإمتعاض ممقوت وهمست له : دعها تلك اللعينة فلن أسمح بأن تشاركني فيك !”
“Wings are like dreams. Before each flight, a bird takes a small jump, a leap of faith, believing that its wings will work. That jump can only be made with rock solid feet.”
“Though wrong gratifies in the moment, good yields its gifts over a lifetime.”
“A family in my sister's neighborhood was recently stricken with a double tragedy, when both the young mother and her three-year-old son were diagnosed with cancer. When Catherine told me about this, I could only say, shocked, "Dear God, that family needs grace." She replied firmly, "That family needs casseroles," and proceeded to organize the entire neighborhood into bringing that family dinner, in shifts, every single night, for an entire year. I do not know if my sister fully recognizes that this IS grace.”
“God made you the way He wanted you to be and He does not make mistakes. He has a plan for your life that is much bigger than you can imagine.”
“Grace will follow us even when we are going the wrong way”
“Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.”
“The man who has faith in logic is always cuckolded by reality.”
“It is not great faith, but true faith, that saves; and the salvation lies not in the faith, but in the Christ in whom faith trusts It is not the measure of faith, but the sincerity of faith, which is the point to be considered.”
“Concerning the Gods, there are those who deny the very existence of the Godhead; others say that it exists, but neither bestirs nor concerns itself not has forethought far anything. A third party attribute to it existence and forethought, but only for great and heavenly matters, not for anything that is on earth. A fourth party admit things on earth as well as in heaven, but only in general, and not with respect to each individual. A fifth, of whom were Ulysses and Socrates, are those that cry: -- I move not without Thy knowledge!”
“I love you,” was his reply. “I make myself keep on loving you, despite what you do. I've got to love you. We all have to love you, and believe in you, and think you are looking out for our best interests. But look at us, Momma, and really see us.”
“Learning to let go is not giving up! It is simply passing the burden to a better fighter, so you can fight another day. (God)”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“We are not our own any more than what we possess is our own. We did not make ourselves, we cannot be supreme over ourselves. We are not our own masters. We are God's property. Is it not our happiness thus to view the matter? Is it any happiness or any comfort, to consider that we are our own? It may be thought so by the young and prosperous. These may think it a great thing to have everything, as they suppose, their own way–to depend on no one–to have to think of nothing out of sight, to be without the irksomeness of continual acknowledgment, continual prayer, continual reference of what they do to the will of another. But as time goes on, they, as all men, will find that independence was not made for man–that it is an unnatural state–will do for a while, but will not carry us on safely to the end …'" Mustapha Mond paused, put down the first book and, picking up the other, turned over the pages. "Take this, for example," he said, and in his deep voice once more began to read: "'A man grows old; he feels in himself that radical sense of weakness, of listlessness, of discomfort, which accompanies the advance of age; and, feeling thus, imagines himself merely sick, lulling his fears with the notion that this distressing condition is due to some particular cause, from which, as from an illness, he hopes to recover. Vain imaginings! That sickness is old age; and a horrible disease it is. They say that it is the fear of death and of what comes after death that makes men turn to religion as they advance in years. But my own experience has given me the conviction that, quite apart from any such terrors or imaginings, the religious sentiment tends to develop as we grow older; to develop because, as the passions grow calm, as the fancy and sensibilities are less excited and less excitable, our reason becomes less troubled in its working, less obscured by the images, desires and distractions, in which it used to be absorbed; whereupon God emerges as from behind a cloud; our soul feels, sees, turns towards the source of all light; turns naturally and inevitably; for now that all that gave to the world of sensations its life and charms has begun to leak away from us, now that phenomenal existence is no more bolstered up by impressions from within or from without, we feel the need to lean on something that abides, something that will never play us false–a reality, an absolute and everlasting truth. Yes, we inevitably turn to God; for this religious sentiment is of its nature so pure, so delightful to the soul that experiences it, that it makes up to us for all our other losses.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“Perhaps there is supranatural: reason beyond the normal definitions of fact or data-based logic; something that only makes sense if you can see a bigger picture of reality. Maybe that is where faith fits in.”
“Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.”
“სამხრეთის კედელზე მაცხოვრის ერთადერტი თვალდახრილი და სახედაფხეკილი ფრესკის ქვეშ ვიღაც ლაზღანდარა ათეისტს მუშაირა ჰქონდა გამართული თვითონ მაცხოვართან. უცხვირპირო და უთვალო, როგორ გიწამო, უფალო?!- კომკავშირელი ათეისტი. ასე აწერდა ხელს ლექსის ატორი. ცოტა ქვევით უფლის პასუხი იყო, ასევე ლურსმნით ამოკაწრული: კომკავშირელო, თუ არ გწამს, სახარება და ღმერთიო, ამ სიმაღლეზე მეორედ, გთხოვ, აღარ ამოეთრიო!- იესო ქრისტე. ასე აწერდა ხელს პასუხის ავტორი.”
“Life no argument. - We have arranged for ourselves a world in which we can live - by positing bodies, lines, planes, causes and effects, motion and rest, form and content; without these articles of faith nobody now could endure life. But that does not prove them. Life is no argument. The conditions of life might include error.”
“Of course, in our train of thought, we would all like to think we're on the right track, or at least the same railroad company as the right track.”
“JUST BECAUSE A BUNCH OF ATHEISTS ARE BETTER WRITERS THAN THE GUYS WHO WROTE THE BIBLE DOESN'T NECESSARILY MAKE THEM RIGHT!" [Owen Meany] said crossly. "LOOK AT THOSE WEIRDO TV MIRACLE-WORKERS--THEY'RE TRYING TO GET PEOPLE TO BELIEVE IN MAGIC! BUT THE REAL MIRACLES AREN'T ANYTHING YOU CAN SEE--THEY'RE THINGS YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE WITHOUT SEEING. IF SOME PREACHER'S AN ASSHOLE, THAT'S NOT PROOF THAT GOD DOESN'T EXIST!”
“Never doubt God in the darkness what he has given us in the light.”
“When you let go of control and commit yourself to happiness, it is so easy to offer compassion and forgiveness. This propels you from the past, into the present. People that are negative, spend so much time trying to control situations and blame others for their problems. Committing yourself to staying positive is a daily mantra that states, “I have control over how I plan to react, feel, think and believe in the present. No one guides the tone of my life, except me!”
“God is going to send you someone that will rescue you. Then one day you will rescue them in return and together your story will rescue others. He has always been a God of rescues and a maker of warriors for his grace. You only need to believe that you are part of something greater than you know.”
“On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgment and efforts to get things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur.”
“The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and labors for others.”
“For dear me, why abandon a belief Merely because it ceases to be true”
“How do you know it'll be pleasurable?" He got on the bed and lay down. Breath a whisper, she came closer and tied one wrist to the headboard. The cat growled but didn't try to make him wrench free. "Because just looking at you gives me the most extreme pleasure I've ever felt." "Christ, baby, tie me up before you start talking like that.”
“Faith doesn't get you around problems in life and relationships, it gets you through it.”
“Fear tries to get us to give up but faith takes us all the way through to victory”
“ and when is enough proof enough?”
“True devotion and humility is when you carelessly allow yourself to fall in love with things you consider will make you look inferior, which in essence, makes you superior.”
“Loss is only temporary when you believe in God!”
“Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.”
“God is the ultimate judge of what is truly in our souls. But we are requiered to forgive everyone.”
“In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.”
“Faith, hope and charity go together. Hope is practised through the virtue of patience, which continues to do good even in the face of apparent failure, and through the virtue of humility, which accepts God's mystery and trusts him even at times of darkness. Faith tells us that God has given his Son for our sakes and gives us the victorious certainty that it is really true: God is love! It thus transforms our impatience and our doubts into the sure hope that God holds the world in his hands and that, as the dramatic imagery of the end of the Book of Revelation points out, in spite of all darkness he ultimately triumphs in glory. Faith, which sees the love of God revealed in the pierced heart of Jesus on the Cross, gives rise to love. Love is the light—and in the end, the only light—that can always illuminate a world grown dim and give us the courage needed to keep living and working. Love is possible, and we are able to practise it because we are created in the image of God. To experience love and in this way to cause the light of God to enter into the world—this is the invitation I would like to extend with the present Encyclical.”
“Faith never stays put. It's always challenging always questioning. That's what makes it real.”
“Elder mocked me for praying once, and i spent an hour berating him for that. He ended up throwing up his hands, laughing, and telling me i could believe whatever i wanted if i was going to hold onto my beliefs so hard.”
“We can't believe what we believe to be untrue, and we can't love what we believe to be unreal.”
“A common mistake we make is that we look for God in places where we ourselves wish to find him, yet even in the physical reality this is a complete failure. For example, if you lost your car keys, you would not search where you want to search, you would search where you must in order to find them.”
“I say to myself: "Who are you to measure infinite power?”
“Christianity is not about how much faith you have. Its about Who your faith is in.”
“* نجلاء .. نجلااااء   نجلااااااااء   . - الساعة الآن التاسعة صباحاً إنهضي وإنفضي عن وسادتكِ رذاذ الأحلام ، كان هذا صوتها أمي لتفيقني من ذاك الحلم الذي كنت أهذي به كل ليلة ! تمنيت حينها لو أصيبت ذاكرتي بغيبوبة عن واقع لا يحتويه ، عن واقع لا يعانق وجوده ! أفقت وكعادتي أمضي إلى طريق مجهول ومسافات غريبة أحمل حقائب أحلامي وأجمع بها لوحاتي وأمل أتسكع به على دهاليز مدينتي الباريسية !”
“Some people are angels sent to you by God at your weakest moments.”
“REFLECTIONS OF TRUTH Where you find Truth Is where you find your reflection And where you find your reflection Is where you find love And where you find love Is where you find light And where you find light Is where you find faith And where you find faith Is where you find purpose And where you find purpose Is where you find happiness And where you find happiness Is where you find Truth And when you find Truth Truth will set you free.”
“The day you learn to be publically specific in your prayer, that is the day you will discover power.”
“The truth is that we don't want to be saved by in the way God has chosen; we want to keep absolute control over our every step, to be fully conscious of our decisions, to be capable of choosing the object of our devotion. It isn't like that with love - it arrives, moves in, and starts directing everything.”
“Faith, in its most correct form, never removes responsibility; it removes fear of responsibility. The results are complete opposites with the greater saying, 'God's will is my delight.”
“All I said was that I thought it was a judgement from God that Blyth had first lost his leg and then had the replacement become the instrument of his downfall. All because of the rabbits. Eric, who was going through a religious phase at the time which I suppose I was to some extent copying, thought this was a terrible thing to say; God wasn't like that. I said the one I believed in was.”
“So tell me, since it makes no factual difference to you and you can't prove the question either way, which story do you prefer? Which is the better story, the story with animals or the story without animals?”
“I'm only a tool, beloved. Not your Savior”
“We live by revelation, as Christians, as artists, which means we must be careful never to get set into rigid molds. The minute we begin to think we know all the answers, we forget the questions, and we become smug like the Pharisee who listed all his considerable virtues, and thanked God that he was not like other men. Unamuno might be describing the artist as well as the Christian as he writes, "Those who believe they believe in God, but without passion in the heart, without anguish of mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, and even at times without despair, believe only in the idea of God, and not in God himself.”
“Science only goes so far, then comes God. - Noah Calhoun-”
“We don't look at the stars in the universe and say how tragic they are, how bruised they are, even though that is what they are. We look at them and speak of the beauty they contain. The inspiration they give us. Even though stars are the scars of the universe we don't see them as these broken pieces of gaseous matter, we see them as these majestic astrological blessings that give hope to billions. What if you saw yourself in that same light, or better yet what if you saw others in a similar way.”
“We all go through hard times in life. It’s a part of being alive and it's the reality we all have to deal with. There are times we forget our value as a person because we are so blinded with these thoughts of loneliness, emptiness and ego. Somewhere along the road we become numbed with all the frustrations and dissatisfaction. But life itself isn't always about darkness and sadness, Life is also filled with colors and that makes it beautiful. Along this path of darkness there's always light waiting to be seen by our daunted hearts. Our heart is gifted to see this light. It may be hiding behind those circumstances that we encounter; in a stranger we just met at an unexpected place; a family who has been always there but you just ignored because of your imperfect relationship with them; it might be a long time friend you have or a friend you just met. Open your heart and you will see how blessed you are to have them all in your life. Sometimes they are the light that shines your path in some dark phases of life. Don't lose hope”
“When he says we’re forgiven, let’s unload the guilt. When he says we’re valuable, let’s believe him. . . . When he says we’re provided for, let’s stop worrying. God’s efforts are strongest when our efforts are useless”
“Let us here observe, that a religion that does not require the sacrifice of all things, never has power sufficient to produce the faith necessary unto life and salvation.”
“Common sense is no match for the voice of God.”
“God will bring the right person into your life at the right time. Always believe that! If they are not there, God isn't finished yet!”
“To learn a belief without the belief is to sing a song without the tune.”
“But what of faith? What of fidelity and loyalty? Complete trust? Faith is not granted by tangible proof. It comes from the heart and the soul. If a person needs proof of god's existence, then the very notion of spirituality is diminished into sensuality and we have reduced what is holy into what is logical.-Drizzt Do'urden”
“I think i should get love inked on my skin. Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.”
“بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم ! إن زرت أوطاني يوماً ولمحت نوافذ إنتظاري مغلقة وأبواب فقدي لك مؤصدة ، بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم ! إن إحتفلوا بيوم ميلادك وبحثت عن صوتي بينهم .. ولم تجده ؟ وبحثت عن هداياي من بين هداياهم ولم تصلك”
“And remember this most of all: when it is darkest, that is when you can see the stars most clearly.”
“Well, see, I think it's that most people don't like that lonely feeling. People don't like looking up and feeling small or lost. That's what I think prayer is all about. It doesn't matter which stories they believe in, they're all doing the same thing, kind of casting a line out to outer space, like there's something out there to connect to. It's like people make themselves part of something bigger that way, and maybe it makes them less afraid.”
“My faith has been tempered in Hell. My faith has emerged from the flames of the crematoria, from the concrete of the gas chamber. I have seen that it is not man who is impotent in the struggle against evil, but the power of evil that is impotent in the struggle against man. The powerlessness of kindness, of senseless kindness, is the secret of its immortality. It can never be conquered. The more stupid, the more senseless, the more helpless it may seem, the vaster it is. Evil is impotent before it. The prophets, religious teachers, reformers, social and political leaders are impotent before it. This dumb, blind love is man's meaning. Human history is not the battle of good struggling to overcome evil. It is a battle fought by a great evil struggling to crush a small kernel of human kindness. But if what is human in human beings has not been destroyed even now, then evil will never conquer.”
“God wants to dance with us. The goal of dancing is NOT to learn the steps. The goal of dancing is to enjoy your partner. We learn the steps but only so we don't have to look down at our feet. We are free to look into the eyes of the one we love.”
“Now how can anybody look at that and not believe in God? I mean, how can anybody look at this and not believe there is some higher power, some divine force at work in the universe greater than Man, some god that created it, that created all this, that created us?”
“God is so immense that if he were 'too visible,' people would give forced compliance without expressing their heart. So God made it possible, in enormous love, for us to live as if he were not there.”
“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”
“Any situation, circumstance or challenge is just a distraction and as you remain true to your goals and trust in God they will fall away".”
“All right, God, say that You are really there. You have put me in this fix. You want to test me. Suppose I test You? Suppose I say that You are not there? You've given me a supreme test with my parents and with these boils. I think that I have passed Your test. I am tougher than You. If You will come down here right now, I will spit into Your face, if You have a face. And do You shit? The priest never answered that question. He told us not to doubt. Doubt what? I think that You have been picking on me too much so I am asking You to come down here so I can put You to the test! I waited. Nothing. I waited for God. I waited and waited. I believe I slept.”
“He is cured by faith who is sick of fate.”
“Pico Iyer: “And at some point, I thought, well, I’ve been really lucky to see many, many places. Now, the great adventure is the inner world, now that I’ve spent a lot of time gathering emotions, impressions, and experiences. Now, I just want to sit still for years on end, really, charting that inner landscape because I think anybody who travels knows that you’re not really doing so in order to move around—you’re traveling in order to be moved. And really what you’re seeing is not just the Grand Canyon or the Great Wall but some moods or intimations or places inside yourself that you never ordinarily see when you’re sleepwalking through your daily life. I thought, there’s this great undiscovered terrain that Henry David Thoreau and Thomas Merton and Emily Dickinson fearlessly investigated, and I want to follow in their footsteps.”
“Their lives were violent, precarious, fragile, but they fought for them anyway, and held to the hope that their brief stay on this earth might count for something. That faith was worth preserving.”
“On the subject of who is to blame for our disunity - “The easy conclusion- that the devil is at work trying to destroy the church- is true, but itʼs not the whole story. Of course the enemy is at work doing that. But closer examination shows that much of the blame falls squarely on the shoulders of the church itself-on believers in god-and how our own devilish deeds have alienated other followers of God. Sadly, weʼve done the devilʼs work for him.”
“If, in the quiet of your heart, you feel something should be done, stop and consider whether it is in line with the character and teaching of Jesus. If so, obey that impulse to do it, and in doing so you will find it was God guiding you.”
“Faith can move mountains. So why are you stumbling on a little rock?”
“Put your heart and soul into whatever you do – but you won’t be able to do so until you have complete faith in whatever you are doing.”
“Sometimes God has to destroy in order to save. He has to wound in order to heal.”
“Interestingly, God's remedy for Elijah's depression was not a refresher course in theology but food and sleep  Before God spoke to him at all, Elijah was fed twice and given a good chance to sleep. Only then, and very gently, did God confront him with his error. This is always God's way. Having made us as human beings, He respects our humanness and treats us with integrity. That is, He treats us true to the truth of who we are. It is human beings and not God who have made spirituality impractical.”
“We are not sheep or cows. God didn’t create fences for us or boundaries to contain our nationalities. Man did. God didn’t draw up religious barriers to separate us from each other. Man did. And on top of that, no father would like to see his children fighting or killing each other. The Creator favors the man who spreads loves over the man who spreads hate. A religious title does not make anyone more superior over another. If a kind man stands by his conscience and exhibits truth in his words and actions, he will stand by God regardless of his faith. If mankind wants to evolve, we must learn from our past mistakes. If not, our technology will evolve without us.”
“Out of the cacophony of random suffering and chaos that can mark human life, the life artist sees or creates a symphony of meaning and order. A life of wholeness does not depend on what we experience. Wholeness depends on how we experience our lives.”
“What is seen is not the Truth What is cannot be said Trust comes not without seeing Nor understanding without words The wise comprehends with knowledge To the ignorant it is but a wonder Some worship the formless God Some worship his various forms In what way He is beyond these attributes Only the Knower knows That music cannot be written How can then be the notes Say Kabir, awareness alone will overcome illusion.”
“Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become.”
“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
“George MacDonald gives me renewed strength during times of trouble--times when I have seen people tempted to deny God--when he says, "The Son of God suffered unto death, not that men might not suffer, but that their sufferings might be like his.”
“O Diabo, invejoso, fez o homem confundir fé com religião e amor com casamento.”
“Faith is the cure that heals all troubles. Without faith there is no hope and no love. Faith comes before hope, and before love. (Sheikh Muhammad ibn Zaidi bani Tihama)”
“He must trust, and he must have faith. And so he builds, because what is building, and rebuilding and rebuilding again, but an act of faith?”
“And now we step to the rhythm of miracles. --from The Light, That Never Dies”
“For I think belief in God is not a matter of reason at all; I think it finally is a matter of love.”
“All was in God's plan, and he had to accept even as he didn't understand.”
“To be honest with you, I don't have the words to make you feel better, but I do have the arms to give you a hug, ears to listen to whatever you want to talk about, and I have a heart; a heart that's aching to see you smile again. lines from Love Vs Destiny ”
“Holiness is the strength of the soul. It comes by faith and through obedience to God's laws and ordinances. God then purifies the heart by faith, and the heart becomes purged from that which is profane and unworthy. When holiness is achieved by conforming to God's will, one knows intuitively that which is wrong and that which is right before the Lord. Holiness speaks when there is silence, encouraging that which is good or reproving that which is wrong.”
“faith gaped at him"how the hell did you do this?" He looked at her as if she'd asked the dumbest question in history. "I'm brilliant.”
“It is one thing to pray, but another thing to watch how God answers - and He does so effortlessly.”
“Even if things aren't going the way we want right now, we will always get through it.”
“My faith in the expertise of physicists like Richard Feynman, for instance, permits me to endorse—and, if it comes to it, bet heavily on the truth of—a proposition that I don't understand. So far, my faith is not unlike religious faith, but I am not in the slightest bit motivated to go to my death rather than recant the formulas of physics. Watch: E doesn't equal mc2, it doesn't, it doesn't! I was lying, so there!”
“You’ll only fall if you doubt your balance.”
“And if there is no god? You act as if there is, and it's the same thing.”
“If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals will shrink in the eyes of others. Envy, jealousy, and resentment will put out your flame before it grows.”
“As long as we remain vigilant at building our internal abundance—an abundance of integrity, an abundance of forgiveness, an abundance of service, an abundance of love—then external lack is bound to be temporary.”
“Why do some persons 'find' God in a way that others do not? Why does God manifest His Presence to some and let multitudes of others struggle along in the half-light of imperfect Christian experience? Of course the will of God is the same for all. He has no favorites within His household. All He has ever done for any of His children He will do for all of His children. The difference lies not with God but with us.”
“The measure of your faith is the measure of the pain you can endure.”
“Dr. Keller begins pacing. "I don't think we've been hearing Faith just right. Her guard the words..they sound alike." What do you mean?" Your daughter," Dr. Keller says flatly. "I think she's seeing God.”
“Ivy shrugs. “Poisoning is the Marauders’ way. No offense, but feel free to take some.”
“We can say that true gratitude does not give rise to the debtor's ethic because it gives rise to faith in future grace. With true gratitude there is such a delight in the worth of God's past grace, that we are driven on to experience more and more of it in the future it is done by transforming gratitude into faith as it turns from contemplating the pleasures of past grace and starts contemplating the promises of the future. ”
“God seemed to have become a brand, a packaging, and people purchase this trusted brand with such faith and devotion that they no longer care who the vendor is.”
“We pray for the big things and forget to give thanks for the ordinary, small (and yet really not small) gifts.”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“Whatever negative things people think and say about you is enough to bring you down provided you belief that it carries a weight that can push you hard. Don't agree to accept what critics say; be prepared to silence them by doing what they think you can't do!”
“As the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom, so the denial of God is the height of foolishness.”
“Indeed, a quick glance around this broken world makes it painfully obvious that we don't need more arguments on behalf of God; we need more people who live as if they are in covenant with Unconditional Love, which is our best definition of God. (p. 21)”
“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
“I believe in God the way I believe in quarks. People whose business it is to know about quantum physics or religion tell me they have good reason to believe that quarks and God exist. And they tell me that if I wanted to devote my life to learning what they've learned, I'd find quarks and God just like they did.”
“I am more afraid that this people have so much confidence in their leaders that they will not inquire for themselves of God whether they are led by him. I am fearful they settle down in a state of blind self security. Let every man and woman know, by the whispering of the Spirit of God to themselves, whether their leaders are walking in the path the Lord dictates, or not.”
“You are entitled to know that two entities occupy your body. One of these entities is motivated by and responds to the impulse of fear. The other is motivated by and responds to the impulse of faith. Will you be guided by faith or will you allow fear to overtake you?”
“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
“Hardships are the Lord's greatest blessings to the believer. Without them we would love the Lord only for what He does for us. Our troubles teach us to love Him for who He is." Sister Norton in "The Preacher's Bride”
“Da used to say that lies were easy, but trust was hard. Trust is like faith: it can turn people into believers, but every time it's lost, trust becomes harder and harder to win back.”
“Alone: for the first time I understood the terrible significance of that word. Alone without a witness, without anyone to speak to, without refuge. The breath in my body, the blood in my veins, all this hurly-burly in my head existed for nobody.”
“Without the voice of reason, every faith is its own curse." ( History Will Teach Us Nothing )”
“God has been there with us every step of the way.”
“Faith is not something that goes against the evidence, it goes beyond it. The evidence is saying to us, 'There is another country. There is something beyond mere reason'.”
“In seven days God had created the Earth. In a single day mankind had turned it upside down.”
“Always have faith in yourself and the universe, for one will not get you anywhere without the other. Both must be equally strong to reach your desires, for they are the wings that will lift you to your dreams.”
“The doing of something productive regardless of the outcome is an act of faith. The doing of a small something when a large something is too much for us is perhaps especially an act of faith. Faith means going forward by whatever means we can.”
“Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.”
“All religions are man-made; God has not yet revealed himself beyond doubt to anybody.”
“Bombs have kill-radiuses; churches should have love-radiuses--anyone within twenty miles of a church should know it.”
“Break my heart for what breaks yours Everything I am for Your Kingdom's cause As I walk from earth into eternity”
“This is the story of how Dad lived with his lung cancer. But it is much more. Through his illness and the miracles we experienced, I came to see that Dad's was not just a journey. It was a journey home. Home to God. ”
“He has no need for faith who knows the uncreated, who has cut off rebirth, who has destroyed any opportunity for good or evil, and cast away all desire. He is indeed the ultimate man.”
“The problem that we are facing in the church today is that we have so many Christians who have made a decision to believe in Jesus but not a commitment to follow Him. We have people who are planning to, meaning to, trying to, wanting to, going to, we just don't have people who are doing it.”
“I often ask myself, 'Who would Jesus vote for?' Then I start to think that he wouldn't vote at all; however, it would not be out of apathy or disinterest, but out of perfection and light. As a miracle worker, I think he would, by the power of God's teachings, the perseverance and the truth, influence in a modern sense whoever is put into office how to best serve his fellow men. One, like his skeptics, may find that impractical. But there is a message in that no man in power can slow the momentum of the will of God, and the miracles of his teachings will be forever victorious.”
“The courage is light of one’s life, is the beauty of today. The hope of one’s soul, is the promise of a tomorrow. The times of our past, is a wisdom for anytime. The labour of our sacrifice and love, is a masterpiece of our moments. The voyage of one’s mind, is a journey towards discovery. The joy in one’s heart, is a gift for everyone. The faith of a soul, is a key to hope and to love. The true unconditional love of a heart is a priceless treasure one can ever give. For our mind, heart and soul In any journey of rise or fall, Let faith, hope and love breathe! As you share it for whom your heart beats.”
“People unable to bear the martyrdom [ ] unintelligently jump off the path, and choose instead, conveniently enough, the world’s admiration of their proficiency. The true knight of faith is a witness, never a teacher, and in this lies the deep humanity in him which is more worth than this foolish concern for others’ weal and woe which is honoured under the name of sympathy, but which is really nothing but vanity.”
“Maybe it's not about how long you've lived, or having the ability to hope, even when things seem hopeless. Maybe it's just about how much faith you have.”
“Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven’s mouth.”
“It isn't for the moment you are struck that you need courage, but for that long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security.”
“It is hard to see how a great man can be an atheist. Without the sustaining influence of faith in a divine power we could have little faith in ourselves. We need to feel that behind us is intelligence and love. Doubters do not achieve; skeptics do not contribute; cynics do not create. Faith is the great motive power, and no man realizes his full possibilities unless he has the deep conviction that life is eternally important, and that his work, well done, is a part of an unending plan.”
“I have one life and one chance to make it count for something . . . I'm free to choose what that something is, and the something I've chosen is my faith. Now, my faith goes beyond theology and religion and requires considerable work and effort. My faith demands -- this is not optional -- my faith demands that I do whatever I can, wherever I am, whenever I can, for as long as I can with whatever I have to try to make a difference.”
“Some people say they will not believe in anything they can't see. What a catastrophe to not have any faith at all! You live only less than a half of life, if you will only believe in the things that you can see. Life is lived by those who have much faith and believe in many unseen things. If you believe in nothing that you cannot see, think about how much there is that you choose to turn your face away from! You can't see your soul and you cannot prove that it exists, therefore if you call yourself one who believes in nothing unseen, then you will forever deny your soul its existence, for the existence of the soul dwells in love, trust, anger, passion, faith, belief, strength; the soul is forever nourished by things that are unseen! And so we have too many empty bodies walking around! Bodies with souls inside that are half-dead and dying.”
“Beware the religion that turns you against another one. It's unlikely that it's really religion at all.”
“Guidance, like all God's acts of blessing under the covenant of grace, is a sovereign act. Not merely does God will to guide us in the sense of showing us his way, that we may tread it; he wills also to guide us in the more fundamental sense of ensuring that, whatever happens, whatever mistakes we may make, we shall come safely home. Slippings and strayings there will be, no doubt, but the everlasting arms are beneath us; we shall be caught, rescued, restored. This is God's promise; this is how good he is.”
“While you are going through your trial, you can recall your past victories and count the blessings that you do have with a sure hope of greater ones to allow if you are faithful.”
“There are 6 reasons that a person does anything: Love, faith, greed, boredom, fear  revenge.”
“We are not asked to SEE," said Amy. "Why need we when we KNOW?" We know--not the answer to the inevitable Why, but the incontestable fact that it is for the best. "It is an irreparable loss, but is it faith at all if it is 'hard to trust' when things are entirely bewildering?”
“The question the doubter does not ask is whether faith was really useless or simply not used. What would you think of a boy who gave up learning to ride a bicycle, complaining that he hurt himself because his bicycle stopped moving so he had no choice but to fall off? If he wanted to sit comfortably while remaining stationary, he should not have chosen a bicycle but a chair. Similarly faith must be put to use, or it will become useless.”
“You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.”
“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
“When Lincoln was asked if God was on the Union’s side, Lincoln’s unvarying response was that what was really important was whether they were on God’s side.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Faith, Princess," the Prism Cat repeated. "It is a highly underrated weapon against the dark things in this world.”
“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
“because God has spoken, and everything else is commentary.”
“Christianity, like genius, is one of the hardest concepts to forgive. We hear what we want to hear and accept what we want to accept, for the most part, simply because there is nothing more offensive than feeling like you have to re-evaluate your own train of thought and purpose in life. You have to die to an extent in your hunger for faith, for wisdom, and quite frankly, most people aren't ready to die.”
“Something about being rejected at Church Camp felt so much more awful than being rejected at school. ”
“Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated.”
“Do not come into agreement with fear. Activate your faith, live in victory, speak over your life and expect great things to come your way.”
“It was just like him, she thought; with him, a happy ending was always a foregone conclusion. But such was the power of his faith that when she was with him; she found herself believing in happy endings, too.”
“Fatigue can make it hard to have faith. Too much busyness can make it hard to have faith. Too much of too little solitude can impact faith. For that matter, so can a bout of hunger or overwork, anything carried to an extreme. Faith thrives on routine. Look at any monastery and you will see that. Faith keeps on keeping on.”
“Some acts of faith, I believe, have the power to grant us something infinitely wiser than we imagine”
“A disciple: I am worried about human suffering all over the world. What is the solution?Spiritual leader: The solution to our miseries lie within central atom of our being, ‘I’. Once this central atom transcends to ‘WE’, human sufferings can be resolved.”
“There are some who are still weak in faith, who ought to be instructed, and who would gladly believe as we do. But their ignorance prevents them we must bear patiently with these people and not use our liberty; since it brings to peril or harm to body or soul but if we use our liberty unnecessarily, and deliberately cause offense to our neighbor, we drive away the very one who in time would come to our faith. Thus St. Paul circumcised Timothy (Acts 16:3) because simple minded Jews had taken offense; he thought: what harm can it do, since they are offended because of ignorance? But when, in Antioch, they insisted that he out and must circumcise Titus (Gal. 2:3) Paul withstood them all and to spite them refused to have Titus circumcised  He did the same when St. Peter it happened in this way: when Peter was with the Gentiles he ate pork and sausages with them, but when the Jews came in, he abstained from this food and did not eat as he did before. Then the Gentiles who had become Christians though: Alas! we, too, must be like the Jews, eat no pork, and live according to the law of Moses. But when Paul learned that they were acting to the injury of evangelical freedom, he reproved Peter publicly and read him an apostolic lecture, saying: "If you, though a Jew, live like a Gentile, how can you compel the Gentiles to live like Jews?" (Gal. 2:14). Thus we, too, should order our lives and use our liberty at the proper time, so that Christian liberty may suffer no injury, and no offense be given to our weak brothers and sisters who are still without the knowledge of this liberty.”
“Faith is the acknowledgment of the entire absence of all goodness in us, and the recognition of the cross as the substitute for all the want on our part. Faith saves, because it owns the complete salvation of another, and not because it contributes anything to that salvation.”
“There was no way to abandon guilt, no decent way to disown it. All the tangles and knots of bitterness and desperation and fear had to be pitied. No, better, grace had to fall over them.”
“I have often noticed that these things, which obsess me, neither bother nor impress other people even slightly. I am horribly apt to approach some innocent at a gathering, and like the ancient mariner, fix him with a wild, glitt’ring eye and say, “Do you know that in the head of the caterpillar of the ordinary goat moth there are two hundred twenty-eight separate muscles?” The poor wretch flees. I am not making chatter; I mean to change his life.”
“Each moment of worry, anxiety or stress represents lack of faith in miracles, for they never cease.”
“The primary purpose of prayer is not to make requests. The primary purpose is to praise, to sing, to chant. Because the essence of prayer is a song, and man cannot live without a song. Prayer may not save us. But prayer may make us worthy of being saved.”
“to have faith is precisely to lose one's mind so as to win God.”
“A farmer is helpless to grow grain; all he can do is provide the right conditions for the growing of grain. He cultivates the ground, he plants the seed, he waters the plants, and then the natural forces of the earth take over and up comes the grain This is the way it is with the Spiritual Disciplines - they are a way of sowing to the Spirit  By themselves the Spiritual Disciplines can do nothing; they can only get us to the place where something can be done.”
“Honey, nobody ever knows someone completely. You have to just enjoy what you do know and have faith in the rest.”
“It is extremely important for you to believe in yourselves not only for what you are now but for what you have the power to become. Trust in the Lord as He leads you along. He has things for you to do that you won't know about now but that will unfold later. If you stay close to Him, You will have some great adventures. You will live in a time where instead of sometimes being fulfilled, many of them will actually be fulfilled. The Lord will unfold your future bit by bit.”
“But everything I have to give, I'll give to you”
“Maybe we are a little crazy. After all, we believe in things we don't see. The Scriptures say that faith is "being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see" (Heb. 11:1). We believe poverty can end even though it is all around us. We believe in peace even though we hear only rumours of wars. And since we are people of expectation, we are so convinced that another world is coming that we start living as if it were already here.”
“In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie.”
“To fear is to have more faith in your antagonist than in Christ.”
“The only thing that guarantees an open-ended collaboration among human beings, the only thing that guarantees that this project is truly open-ended, is a willingness to have our beliefs and behaviors modified by the power of conversation.”
“because it seemed too simple to accept that life was an act of faith.”
“Spiritual pain is when you can’t stand another moment not knowing the real truth, and when you finally do know you can’t let go.”
“Orthodoxy is idolatry if it means holding the 'correct opinions about God' - 'fundamentalism' is the most extreme and salient example of such idolatry - but not if it means holding faith in the right way, that is, not holding it at all but being held by God, in love and service. Theology is idolatry if it means what we say about God instead of letting ourselves be addressed by what God has to say to us. Faith is idolatrous if it is rigidly self-certain but not if it is softened in the waters of 'doubt.”
“On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgement and effort to get things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur.”
“We can follow a steady upward course in a world of change without fear, welcoming opportunities”
“We need faith and the mind of the Lord Jesus to recognize something of lasting value in even our most ordinary tasks.”
“God doesn't expect us to be a walking encyclopedia of biblical knowledge. He wants us to know Him, to be in a relationship with Him. This means not only hearing but allowing our understanding of God to change the way we live. Like the wise builder who laid the foundation of his house on the rock, we learn to let our knowledge of God change us.”
“S'il n'existait pas Dieu il faudrait l'inventer." (If God did not exist he would have to be invented.)”
“practice only envisioning yourself at the finish line and be unrelenting and fervent in racing towards that finish line. Undue preoccupation and fixation with the how's, whens, and what ifs will not only derail and further distance you from your destination, but will also feed your mind with those fatal seeds of doubt that make failure inevitable" ~ Awaken and Unleash your Victor”
“It was by faith, nothing wavering, that Joseph saw God our Eternal Father and Jesus Christ, His Son.”
“Faith is simply whatever is real to us.”
“~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~”
“To love God with all our heart, soul, and mind, and our neighbor as ourself.”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“I couldn't care less about evidence and proof and assurances. I just want God. I want God inside me. I want God to play in my bloodstream the way sunlight amuses itself on water.”
“I see it in your eyes as I see it in hers. Remember, there is always light where there is love and if that is what is meant to happen between the two of you, then it was destined.”
“Your faith was strong, but you needed proof ”
“If you search for God you will find him and He will not give up on you".”
“In fact, it was all I could do to stop myself from saying, 'I've always been a big fan of your work …”
“There is never a moment when God is not in control. Relax! He’s got you covered.”
“Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.”
“There is no one true church, no one chosen people.”
“Remember, an easy question can have an easy answer. But a hard question must have a hard answer. And for the hardest questions of all, there may be no answer - except faith.”
“Trusting God's grace means trusting God's love for us rather than our love for God. […] Therefore our prayers should consist mainly of rousing our awareness of God's love for us rather than trying to rouse God's awareness of our love for him, like the priests of Baal on Mount Carmel (1 Kings 18:26-29).”
“Really, there was only one sensible thing to do. Stay the course. Pray it through, day by day, minute by minute. The Lord had an answer and it would surely come. (p. 203)”
“The lust of the flesh directs these desires [of personal union], however, to satisfaction of the body, often at the cost of a real and full communion of persons.”
“Faithful people suffer and evil people prosper all the time [ ]. Besides, if our actions are driven only by reward or punishment--eternal or otherwise--then they are motivated by greed and selfishness, not faith or love. That is where so many people go wrong, even those who say they believe [ ]. They obey because the think it will make their *lives* better, rather than *themselves*. And that is very much the wrong reason.”
“It [Communism] is not new. It is, in fact, man's second oldest faith. Its promise was whispered in the first days of the Creation under the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil: "Ye shall be as gods." It is the great alternative faith of mankind. Like all great faiths, its force derives from a simple vision. Other ages have had great visions. They have always been different versions of the same vision: the vision of God and man's relationship to God. The Communist vision is the vision of Man without God. It is the vision of man's mind displacing God as the creative intelligence of the world. It is the vision of man's liberated mind, by the sole force of its rational intelligence, redirecting man's destiny and reorganizing man's life and the world. It is the vision of man, once more the central figure of the Creation, not because God made man in his image, but because man's mind makes him the most intelligent of the animals. Copernicus and his successors displaced man as the central fact of the universe by proving that the earth was not the central star of the universe. Communism restores man to his sovereignty by the simple method of denying God.”
“The paradox in Christian truth is invariably due to the fact that it is the truth that exists for God. The standard of measure and the end is superhuman; and there is only one relationship possible: faith.”
“(about William Blake) [Blake] said most of us mix up God and Satan. He said that what most people think is God is merely prudence, and the restrainer and inhibitor of energy, which results in fear and passivity and "imaginative death." And what we so often call "reason" and think is so fine, is not intelligence or understanding at all, but just this: it is arguing from our *memory* and the sensations of our body and from the warnings of other people, that if we do such and such a thing we will be uncomfortable. "It won't pay." "People will think it is silly." "No one else does it." "It is immoral." But the only way you can grow in understanding and discover whether a thing is good or bad, Blake says, is to do it. "Sooner strangle an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires." For this "Reason" as Blake calls it (which is really just caution) continually nips and punctures and shrivels the imagination and the ardor and the freedom and the passionate enthusiasm welling up in us. It is Satan, Blake said. It is the only enemy of God. "For nothing is pleasing to God except the invention of beautiful and exalted things." And when a prominent citizen of his time, a logical, opining, erudite, measured, rationalistic, Know-it-all, warned people against "mere enthusiasm," Blake wrote furiously (he was a tender-hearted, violent and fierce red-haired man): "Mere enthusiasm is the All in All!”
“This is a God who is not identified with the help of a dictionary but through a relationship.”
“Faith in God will elevate you to next level blessings.”
“When we find that God's ways always coincide with our own ways, it's time to question who we're really worshipping, God or ourselves. The latter moves the nature of godliness from the King to our servant to a slave, a deduction into the realm of selfhood and then the lower, slavehood. It's a spiritual mathematics in that men who need God in his godhood are humble yet strong and spiritually ambitious while men who need a slave in their selfhood are ultimately paralyzed and will remain paralyzed.”
“Each mind conceives god in its own way. There may be as many variation of the god figure as there are people in the world”
“Always carry champagne! In victory You deserve it & in defeat You need it!”
“The single most important piece of advice about prayer is one word: Begin!”
“What is false about hope?”
“It’s so easy to lose faith and become lost in all of the politics of the world. That’s why we need the arts. To sublimate our frustration and anger into something beautiful. Freud called sublimation a virtuous defence mechanism because it is in the arts that we can find our humanity.”
“Never stop believing that your dreams are eternal.”
“I believe in free will. I think we make our own decisions and carry out or own actions. And our actions have consequences. The world is what we make it. But I think sometimes we can ask God to help us and He will.”
“For years I was deathly afraid of my own weaknesses, but when I closed my eyes and let myself be vulnerable to them it allowed miracles to take place. Miracles that were only alive when I accessed my BLIND faith.”
“I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.”
“Redeemed humanity is still young, it has hardly come to its full strength. But already there is joy enough in the little finger of a great saint such as yonder lady to waken all the dead things of the universe into life.”
“The vermin explain their sin with sanctimonious language like, "We've prayed about it and sought counsel, and we feel it's the right thing to do." Don't let it down on them that to the Enemy what they feel is inconsequential. His moral laws don't give a rip about how any of them feel. The sludgebags have no more power to vote them in and out of existence than they have power to revoke the law of gravity.”
“The German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche, who had syphilis, said that only a person of deep faith could afford the luxury of religious skepticism. Humanists, by and large educated, comfortably middle-class persons with rewarding lives like mine, find rapture enough in secular knowledge and hope. Most people can't.”
“What I admire about the modern atheist is not at all his logic, but rather his gift of imagination. There will always be the cartoon versions of Christianity further perpetuated by the extremist atheists who do not possess the humility to ask real scholars and theologians its difficult questions. There is little doubt that the atheist has the bigger imagination: the first reason is due to his persistent caricatures of what constitutes a Christian; the second because of his belief that most of his questions are actually rhetorical. From this I can infer that, instead of laughing at one another (the Christian at modern atheist immaturity and the modern atheist at Christian stupidity), we would have a better chance at productivity laughing with one another as we all dumb down what we don't understand.”
“A man of God would never burn or harm a temple of any kind - regardless of religion. A true man of God would see every temple or divine mansion built to glorify the Creator - as an extension of the temple closest to his home, regardless of its shape, size, or color. A man who truly recognizes and knows God can see God in all things.”
“that willing suspension of disbelief for the moment, which constitutes poetic faith”
“There is a goodness in the world that got me through, that taught me it's important to know who you are.”
“We were as Hansel and Gretel and we ventured out into the black forest of the world.”
“The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.”
“This world’s anguish is no different from the love we insist on holding back.”
“What was the opposite of linkage blindness? What described being certain of something without any kind of evidence?  The term was faith .”
“Faith requires following the power of a whisper.”
“Just above our terror, the stars painted this story in perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too often abused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.”
“Men and women are needed whose prayers will give to the world the utmost power of God; who will make His promises to blossom with rich and full results. God is waiting to hear us and challenges us to bring Him to do this thing by our praying. He is asking us, to-day, as He did His ancient Israel, to prove Him now herewith." Behind God's Word is God Himself, and we read: "Thus saith the Lord, the Holy One of Israel, his Maker: Ask of me of things to come and concerning my sons, and concerning the work of my hands, command ye me." As though God places Himself in the hands and at the disposal of His people who pray - as indeed He does. The dominant element of all praying is faith, that is conspicuous, cardinal and emphatic. Without such faith it is impossible to please God, and equally impossible to pray.”
“[I]t is difficult to imagine a set of beliefs more suggestive of mental illness than those that lie at the heart of many of our religious traditions.”
“You asked the Holy Spirit for a miracle, and now that you’ve got one you’re trying to argue it away. People who don’t believe in miracles shouldn’t pray for them.”
“It is certain that an atom of goodness on the path of faith is never lost.”
“Self abandoned, relaxed and effortless, I seemed to have laid me down in the dried-up bed of a great river; I heard a flood loosened in remote mountains, I felt the torrent come; to rise I had no will, to flee I had no strength.”
“Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.”
“There are certain mortal moments and minutes that matter. Certain hingepoints in the history of each human. Some seconds are so decisive they shrink the soul, while others are spent, so as to stretch the soul.”
“This day is not a sieve, losing time. With each passing minute, each passing year, there's this deepening awareness that I am filling, gaining time. We stand on the brink of eternity.”
“Although the far territory of the extreme can exert an intoxicating pull on susceptible individuals of all bents, extremism seems to be especially prevalent among those inclined by temperament or upbringing toward religious pursuits. Faith is the very antithesis of reason, injudiciousness a crucial component of spiritual devotion. And when religious fanaticism supplants ratiocination, all bets are suddenly off.”
“While fear depletes power, faith gives wings for the soul’s elevation.”
“When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!”
“Deep down under where his heart resided, strangled up in thorny vines of guilt, anger, fear and longing, there lay something deeper in him, something that he couldn’t see but she could.”
“Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all.”
“I guarantee you that after you die you will not say 'I spent too much time praying; I wish I had watched more TV instead.”
“Perhaps true faith is a form of insanity.”
“Since living is believing, no one can be completely lacking in faith.”
“I've been a Christian since I was a little girl. But my Christianity is a muddy mess of thoughts and opinions and making God into what works for me-like going shopping at the mall and picking out whatever I want, putting together faith like I would an outfit. Somehow I don't think the Creator, the I AM, the savior of the world is something we can mix and match to out liking.”
“Forgiveness without understanding is like faith without proof.”
“So as I shivered, naked and damp, in front of the bathroom mirror, I raised my eyes skyward. "I hope we're still okay." I got no answer, but then, I didn't really expect one. Answer or not, it didn't matter. That's the thing about faith, I guess.”
“God's plan for your life is happening right now. It doesn't begin when you get married or when you get your dream job or when everything feels perfect. You are IN the plan. - TLC's friend Kris (p.159)”
“If you stumble at mere believability, what are you living for? Isn't love hard to believe? Don't you bully me with your politeness! Love is hard to believe, ask any lover. Life is hard to believe, ask any scientist. God is hard to believe, ask any believer. What is your problem with hard to believe?”
“Doa yang tulus dan dengan cinta, adalah kekuatan besar yang bisa menyelamatkan siapa pun, termasuk orang yang mendoakannya.”
“Hope and faith underlie a promise, and love energizes men to realize it.”
“I guess that's where faith comes in, the faith of a child to believe in Santa, the faith of an adult to believe in God, maybe faith is what makes something real? Maybe Rose had believed enough to create her own afterlife, maybe that's the reward of faith ”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“Mist to mist, drops to drops. For water thou art, and unto water shalt thou return.”
“The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearth-stone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. --as quoted in THE RIVER OF WINGED DREAMS”
“The language of light can only be decoded by the heart.”
“You can’t give somebody faith. They either got it or they don’t.”
“The only opportunity you will ever have to live by faith is in the circumstances you are provided this very day: this house you live in, this family you find yourself in, this job you have been given, the weather conditions that prevail at the  moment.”
“The response to war is to live like brothers and sisters. The response to injustice is to share. The response to despair is a limitless trust and hope. The response to prejudice and hatred is forgiveness. To work for community is to work for humanity. To work for peace is to work for a true political solution; it is to work for the Kingdom of God. It is to work to enable every one to live and taste the secret joys of the human person united to the eternal.”
“If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to it.”
“Reading a book about something can be an obstacle to doing it because it gives you the impression that you are doing what you are only thinking about doing. It is tempting to remain in the comfortable theater of our imagination instead of the real world, to fall in love with the idea of becoming a saint and loving God and neighbor instead of doing the actual work, because the idea makes no demands on you. It is like a book on a shelf. But, as Dostoyevsky says, 'love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams' ( The Brothers Karamazov ).”
“The Latin words humus , soil/earth, and homo , human being, have a common derivation, from which we also get our word 'humble.' This is the Genesis origin of who we are: dust - dust that the Lord God used to make us a human being. If we cultivate a lively sense of our origin and nurture a sense of continuity with it, who knows, we may also acquire humility.”
“Awakening to faith is not a one-time event, but a continuously unfolding reality. The journey of faith is not a race, but a marathon of love that each person walks at a different pace.”
“What has happened to create this doubt is that a problem (such as a deep conflict or a bad experience) has been allowed to usurp God's place and become the controlling principle of life. Instead of viewing the problem from the vantage point of faith, the doubter views faith from the vantage point of the problem. Instead of faith sizing up the problem, the situation ends with the problem scaling down faith. The world of faith is upside down, and in the topsy-turvy reality of doubt, a problem has become god and God has become a problem.”
“He that hath the steerage of my course, Direct my sail.”
“The Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, said, When Allah loves a people, He tries them.”
“Realizing the seriously ruthless, venomous habits and agendas of evil always instills a more fierce passion and longing for a closer God. Men, out of pride, may claim their own authorities over what constitutes good and evil; they may self-proclaim a keen knowledge of subjective morality through religion or science. But that is only if they are acknowledging the work of evil as a cartoon-like, petty little rain cloud in the sky that merely wants to dampen one's spirits. On the contrary, a man could be without a doubt lit with the strength, the peace, and the knowledge of the gods, his gods, but when or if the devils grow weary in unsuccessful attempts to torment him, they begin tormenting his loved ones, or, if not his loved ones, anyone who may attempt to grasp his philosophies. No matter how godly he may become, God is, in the end, his only hope and his only grace for the pressures built around him - it is left up to a higher authority and a more solid peace and a wider love to eclipse not just one's own evils but all evils for goodness to ultimately matter. If all men were gods, each being would dwell in a separate prison cell, hopeless, before finally imploding into nothingness.”
“There is nothing anti-intellectual in the leap of faith, for faith is not believing without proof but trusting without reservation.”
“But I don't know how to fight. All I know how to do is stay alive.”
“I believed in immaculate conception and spontaneous combustion. I believed in aliens from outer space and vampires, prophecy, and the resurrection of the dead. I had deja vu many times each day. I was thirteen.”
“Спомням си как през летните следобеди, които прекарвах там, баба ми, привършила домашната работа, сядаше до прозореца на светло и вадеше от своя скришен сандък една огромна Библия с твърди корици, обвита с тогавашния официозен вестник "Работническо дело" по конспиративни причини. Вече знаех, че комунизмът и Библията никак не се обичаха.”
“We try too much and trust too little. Count the times God's Book tells us to "try." Now count the times it tells us to "trust.”
“And then all that has divided us will merge And then compassion will be wedded to power And then softness will come to a world that is harsh and unkind And then both men and women will be gentle And then both women and men will be strong And then no person will be subject to another's will And then all will be rich and free and varied And then the greed of some will give way to the needs of many And then all will share equally in the Earth's abundance And then all will care for the sick and the weak and the old And then all will nourish the young And then all will cherish life's creatures And then all will live in harmony with each other and the Earth And then everywhere will be called Eden once again.”
“Your mind can go ahead and imagine what it wants to imagine, but a true friend will always remain true, in spite of the false messages running through your mind.”
“As the essence of courage is to stake one's life on a possibility, so the essence of faith is to believe the possibility exists.”
“When we look for success, it should be for the sole purpose of boasting sincerely in Christ. There's no other reason for it. Success is only worth it when the more intense it gets for you, the more you find yourself bragging for his glory rather than your own.”
“You can get lost on your way home. You can get lost looking for love. You can get lost between jobs. You can get lost looking for God. However it happens, take heart. Others before you have found a way in the wilderness, where there are as many angels as there are wild beasts, and plenty of other lost people too. All it takes is one of them to find you. All it takes is you to find one of them. However it happens, you could do worse than to kneel down and ask a blessing, remembering how many knees have kissed this altar before you.”
“Most reject the more repugnant or indefensible dogmas while still holding onto some core belief. Many believers will proudly describe themselves as "reasonable" or "rational" based on how little of their religion they still embrace versus how much they now reject. I think it's funny when people realize that the less you believe the more reasonable you are, but they stop before they reach the logical conclusion.”
“Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.”
“It was my first clue that atheists are my brothers and sisters of another faith, and every word they speak speaks of faith. Like me, they go as far as the legs of reason will carry them—and then they leap.”
“The prison inspector and the warders, though they had never understood or gone into the meaning of these dogmas and of all that went on in church, believed that they must believe, because the higher authorities and the Tsar himself believed in it. Besides, though faintly (and themselves unable to explain why), they felt that this faith defended their cruel occupations. If this faith did not exist it would have been more difficult, perhaps impossible, for them to use all their powers to torment people, as they were now doing, with a quiet conscience. The inspector was such a kind-hearted man that he could not have lived as he was now living unsupported by his faith.”
“Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you”
“But all the while, there was one thing we most needed even from the start, and certainly will need from here on out into the New Jerusalem: the ability to take our freedom seriously and act on it, to live not in fear of mistakes but in the knowledge that no mistake can hold a candle to the love that draws us home. My repentance, accordingly, is not so much for my failings but for the two-bit attitude toward them by which I made them more sovereign than grace. Grace - the imperative to hear the music, not just listen for errors - makes all infirmities occasions of glory.”
“Faith is a luxury for those who are able to ignore what the rest of us must see every day. Pessimism, distrust, and irony are the holy trinity of my religion, irony in particular.”
“Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need”
“He does not regard the quantity of faith, but the quality. He does not measure its degree, but its truth. He will not break any bruised reed, nor quench any smoking flax. He will never let it be said that any perished at the foot of the cross.”
“If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another name?”
“those who have loved are those that have found God”
“That the stars guide us, but do not compel us. It is our free will that determines the outcome of all things. God does impose his will on us, rather he makes it known and allows us to choose if we will follow it.”
“Stone, steel, dominions pass, Faith too, no wonder; So leave alone the grass That I am under.”
“Christian hands never clasp and He doesn't give gifts for gain because a gift can never stop being a gift - it is always meant to be given.”
“Faith to me is trusting in every evidence that something is
“Then I knew that the sign I had asked for was not a little thing, not a passing nod of recognition, and a phrase came back to me from my childhood of the veil of the temple being rent from top to bottom.”
“I can't make those two realities -- what I've lost and what I've found -- fit together in some tidy pattern of divine causality. I just have to hold them on the one hand and on the other, just like that.”
“Come Judgment Day, we may find that Mumbo Jumbo the God of the Congo was the Big Boss all along.”
“Is it folly to believe in something that is intangible? After all, some of the greatest intangibles are Love, Hope, and Wonder. Another is Deity. The choice to be a fool is yours.”
“How do we remain faithful to our own spiritual imagination and not betray what we know in our own bodies? The world is holy. We are holy. All life is holy.”
“Men cannot expect to do ill and fare well, but to find that done to them which they did to others.”
“It may be a procession of faithful failures that enriches the soil of godly success. Faithful actions are not religious acts. They are not even necessary actions undertaken by people of faith. Faithful actions, whether they are marked by success or they end in failure, are actions that are compelled by goodness.”
“Shoulders are from God, and burdens too.”
“The most important lesson that we're supposed to be learning right now is how completely lost we are without God. If we don't learn this lesson, then our lives are going to have zero meaning. (Stronger: Forty Days of Metal and Spirituality)”
“I believe we are more ready to embrace our lives in the here and now when we are able to recognize the continuity between the immanence of God in our world and eternity. Rather than simply waiting to be liberated to another time or place, we are being invited to collaborate in the healing and redemption of our world.”
“Dusty, dark, cold, and hard, coal has no beauty of its own, but when it is consummated by fire it is beautiful and becomes what it was designed to be.”
“The sun is still there  even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again.”
“If we could summarize all, or almost all, of the New Testament letters, we would not be too far off the mark to say the theme is: “Grow up!” Just grow up.”
“Ultimately we have nothing to fear. Jesus loves us, and he invites us to be confident in that love. As we seek to obey Him, we are not called to assess the risk involved and determine whether or not obedience will be beneficial or safe for us. We are simply called to trust and obey.”
“As goes the family, so goes the faith; as goes the faith, so goes the culture.”
“I guess this thing we call faith is a climb. I always wanted to think of it as a big slide straight into the arms of God who waits at the bottom to catch us. But instead, He's a God who's on top of things - & like any mountain you climb, the closer we get to Him, the steeper the terrain.”
“So much had been surrendered! And to such little purpose! There had been mad wilful rejections, monstrous forms of self-torture and self-denial, whose origin was fear and whose result was a degradation infinitely more terrible than that fancied degradation from which, in their ignorance, they had sought to escape ( )”
“The conflicting missions of the two armies seemed to have no fog, no gray, only black-and-white clarity. I had lived my life in terms of compromise, rule-bending, trade-offs, concessions, bargaining, striking deals, finding middle ground. In these two great armies, there was no such thing. Good was good, and evil was evil, and they shared no common ground.”
“sometime life is full of joy,and sometime life is full of pain and tears but we have to defeat it”
“The Power that knows the way will take care of you. The One who makes the sun shine, the grass grow, the apples grow perfectly on apple trees. The food that sustains us, nourishes us, everything has been lovingly provided for us. Have faith. Trust the Power that knows the way. This is a first step. To have total faith and total trust in the Infinite, the One. You may call this God if you want to. Makes no difference what you call it. It is within you. It is without you. It is everywhere. (p. 195)”
“It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.”
“Do you know, the only people I can have a conversation with are the Jews? At least when they quote scripture at you they are not merely repeating something some priest has babbled in their ear. They have the great merit of disagreeing with nearly everything I say. In fact, they disagree with almost everything they say themselves. And most importantly, they don't think that shouting strengthens their argument.”
“Some communities don't permit open, honest inquiry about the things that matter most. Lots of people have voiced a concern, expressed a doubt, or raised a question, only to be told by their family, church, friends, or tribe: "We don't discuss those things here." I believe the discussion itself is divine. Abraham does his best to bargain with God, most of the book of Job consists of arguments by Job and his friends about the deepest questions of human suffering, God is practically on trial in the book of Lamentations, and Jesus responds to almost every question he's asked with a question.”
“Whatever has befallen you was not meant to escape you, and whatever has escaped you was not meant to befall you.”
“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
“A conscious human is driven by their conscience, not popular opinion.”
“Floating there I held onto faith. Because you can't know who might cross your path or who will take your breath away. You can't know what friends might actually become sisters because they stayed by your side. You can't know when there'll be an unexpected detour that'll take you to the place where you were always meant to be.”
“That was the last cruel irony of Tobias’s life: that he doomed the woman he would have died to save.”
“Your body - every body is a marvel. A wonder of creation. [ ] The day your first opened your eyes, Anna, God asked just one thing: that you live.”
“Religion doesn't just cloud our minds. It asks us to deliberately deceive ourselves-- to replace reason with its opposite, faith. And when men operate on faith, they can no longer be reasoned with, which makes them more dangerous than any sane man, good or evil.”
“O Heavenly Children, do not forget that God is here, there and everywhere. The birds are his eyes and the air is his ears. And as you sleep, your heart and soul rest naked before him. He can drink from the rivers of your thoughts, and even feel the wetness of your tears.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“All communication involves faith; indeed, some linguisticians hold that the potential obstacles to acts of verbal understanding are so many and diverse that it is a minor miracle that they take place at all.”
“The truth is, the Devil's job is easy.”
“I need no master to punish me in order to behave as I ought. If I did, I would be no more than a child who obeys his father's rules only because he fears the whip, and not because he actually means good.”
“You know, it's a sad and unfortunate state of affairs that you have to live in a world where eight-year-olds refuse to believe in anything that they cannot touch or measure, and anyone who happens to see a thing that is invisible to most people is immediately branded a lunatic.”
“The only way God can strengthen his presence in our will is to weaken his presence in our feelings. Otherwise we would become spiritual cripples, unable to walk without emotional crutches. This is why he gives us dryness, sufferings, and failures.”
“Love and faith are not common companions. More commonly power and fear consort with faith .Power is not to be crossed; one must respect and obey. Power means strength, whereas love is a human frailty the people mistrust. It is a sad fact of life that power and fear are the fountainheads of faith.”
“Each of them had done their best. Matt was still his friend. For Meredith, maybe the day would come when she could look at him and not think “inhuman” — or at least not think it immediately and constantly. Maybe Bonnie, the moth, would be able to stay away from the unholy flame. Now, there was something to worry about. He could all too easily see Bonnie taking a walk on the very wild side with Damon. His brother had a soft spot for her already, she knew. But if either of them had a problem, he already knew what he had to do to find a plan for a solution. Just look up.”
“The true value of a man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of the Truth, but rather the pursuit of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectibility is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent, and proud.”
“The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.”
“We do matter. To believe that our lives are meaningful is the essence of faith. We are not as large, or as bright, or as eternal as the stars, but we carry humankind's message of love across the galaxy. We are the first. We are the world makers. Our nourishment is hope. Like the tender reed shaking in the wind, we will reach up to a new sun.”
“God really performs the miracle of multiplying our time, but only if we give it to him first.”
“Nothing will get you into trouble so deep or as sad as faith.”
“It is debatable whether blind faith is truly faith at all. Faith is the perceptive gray area where scientific facts meet an individual's experiential truths - the extreme of the former is left feeling in the dark whereas the latter is caught blinded by the light. By proper scientific method, it is intellectually dishonest for me to declare the existence of God with utmost certainty, but to my individual spirit, I would be intellectually dishonest to deny the existence of God even for a second. This leaves the best of both worlds, as the believer is called to be able to give reasons for his faith, a deviation from mere fantasy.”
“To choose not to be part of a team or religion does not make me non-religious; for my religion is Truth and I am very much in love with God. I do not need to align myself with a specific messenger if I already understand God’s message. And the way I think is not considered ‘New Age’, since common sense is not new. So long as you act and speak with love and truth in you, and are good to your fellow man — in that you treat everybody as you would want yourself to be treated, your heart will stand by God regardless of the label you have assigned to your mind.”
“Nothing but prayer can make saints because nothing but God can make saints, and we meet God in prayer. Prayer is the hospital for souls where we meet Doctor God.”
“I said, "Where's all that delivering God's supposed to do?" He snorted. "You're right, the only deliverance is the one we get for ourselves. The Lord doesn't have any hands and feet but ours." "That doesn't say much for the Lord." "It doesn't say much for us, either.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil within that has been let out.”
“People think of faith as being something that you don't really believe, a device in helping you believe simply it. Of course that is quite wrong. As Pascal says, faith is a gift of God. It is different from the proof of it. It is the kind of faith God himself places in the heart, of which the proof is often the instrument  He says of it, too, that it is the heart which is aware of God, and not reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not be reason.”
“Grace is the celebration of life, relentlessly hounding all the non-celebrants in the world. It is a floating, cosmic bash shouting its way through the streets of the universe, flinging the sweetness of its cassations to every window, pounding at every door in a hilarity beyond all liking and happening, until the prodigals come out at last and dance, and the elder brothers finally take their fingers out of their ears.”
“We do know that no person can be saved except through Christ. We do not know that only those who know Him can be saved by Him.”
“Here's another poem, like all others before and after, dedicated to you. There isn't anything left to be said but I will spend my life trying to put you into words. You who is every goodness, every optimism and hope. Your love is a better fate for me than anything I could wish for. If you are a part of me, then you’re the best part. And if you're separate from me, then you are my destination. But I’ve become a weary traveller, so please, let us never be apart.”
“Have faith in the Yankees my son. Think of the great DiMaggio.”
“Frantic orthodoxy is never rooted in faith but in doubt. It is when we are unsure that we are doubly sure. ”
“The Church does not dispense the sacrament of baptism in order to acquire for herself an increase in membership but in order to consecrate a human being to God and to communicate to that person the divine gift of birth from God.”
“Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.”
“Religious people tend to encounter, among those who are not, a cemented certainty that belief in God is a crutch for the weak and the fearful Now the belief in God may turn out at the last trump to be a mistake. Meantime, let us be quite clear, it is not merely the comfort of the simple--though it is that too, much to its glory--it is a formidable intellectual position with which most of the first-class minds of the human race, century in and century out, have concurred, each in his own way .speaking of crutches--Freud can be a crutch, Marx can be a crutch, rationalism can be a crutch, and atheism can be two canes and a pair of iron braces. We none of us have all the answers, nor are we likely to have. But in the country of the halt, the man who is surest he has no limp may be the worst-crippled.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!”
“How could anyone love Him? What did you just tell me yourself about the world? Don't you see, everybody hates God now. It's not that God is dead in the twentieth century. It's that everybody hates Him! At least I think so.”
“There are two missions we are obligated to carry out during our life journey. The first, is to seek Truth throughout our lifetime. The second, is simply to be good. Engrave it in your mind that life is just one big board game where you have to make it from start to finish by being good. That is all you have to do. The hardest part, is dealing with all the obstacles that prevent smooth sailing. The trick is, to always strive to be the right person in all situations – regardless of personal cost to you. Your aim is to make sure the right book on your shoulder weighs more that the bad book on the left. The scales are real. Regardless of your chosen faith, there is a measurement system to be found in all of the world's religions. After all, does it make sense for all souls, good or bad, to end up in the same place? Of course not. To really secure the very best setting in the afterlife, the vibrations of your good deeds must surpass your death.”
“But miracles are not for the asking; they come only when the stern eyes of God droop shut for a moment, and Our Lady takes advantage of His inattention to grant an illicit mercy. God is an Anglican, whereas Our Lady is of the True Faith; the two of Them have an uneasy relationship, unable to agree on anything, except that if They divorce, the Devil will leap gleefully into the breach.”
“The greatest joy is joy in God. This is plain from Psalm 16:11: "You [God] will make known to me the path of life; in Your presence is fullness of joy; in Your right hand there are pleasures forever." Fullness of joy and eternal joy cannot be improved. Nothing is fuller than full, and nothing is longer than eternal. And this joy is owing to the presence of God, not the accomplishments of man. Therefore, if God wants to love us infinitely and delight us fully and eternally, he must preserve for us the one thing that will satisfy us totally and eternally; namely, the presence and worth of his own glory. He alone is the source of full and lasting pleasure. Therefore, his commitment to uphold and display his glory is not vain, but virtuous. God is the one being for whom self-exaltation is an infinitely loving act. If he revealed himself to the proud and self-sufficient and not to the humble and dependent, he would belittle the very glory whose worth is the foundation of our joy. Therefore, God's pleasure in hiding this from "the wise and intelligent" and revealing it to "infants" is the pleasure of God in both his glory and our joy.”
“I believe in love. I believe in the love Lucy shows me, the kind I'll try hard to give back to her in full. I believe in things I can't put into words, but things I know to be true. I believe in us. I believe in this. Amen.”
“Thus we arrive at the singular conclusion that of all the information passed by our cultural assets it is precisely the elements which might be of the greatest importance to us and which have the task of solving the riddles of the universe and of reconciling us to the sufferings of life -- it is precisely those elements that are the least well authenticated of any.”
“Let us keep in mind that we do not have to go to the scriptures inorder to approach God. We do not have to find the right scripture inorder to talk to God".”
“I accept the Organic Trinity of Mineral, Vegetable, and Animal with as much authority as I accept the Holy Trinity. Both are sacred.”
“Before you have faith you must believe, and before you believe there must be evidence of some sort to persuade the mind. Faith is remembering that evidence and holding to it against all that seems to challenge or contradict it.”
“PRAISE FOR 'THE JOURNEY HOME' Many saints are known and praised by all. We pray to them in litanies and celebrate their feast days. But the vast majority of holy men and women live heroic lives quietly before God. Loyal to family, lovers of God, servants in the Church, these unsung saints live everyday life as an example for us. David Hanneman is one such man. His story is exemplary and should be told to the world. He not only lived a noble life, but also suffered with heroism and grace as he passed into glory. This is a story to encourage and bless us all. We are thankful to Joseph Hanneman for sharing his father and making his story known to us who need such examples to encourage us as we face the difficulties and challenges of life.”
“We may not know what lies ahead of us in the future years, nor even in the days or hours immediately beyond. But for a few yards, or possibly only a few feet, the track is clear, our duty is plain, our course is illumined. For that short distance, for the next step, lighted by the inspiration of God, go on! ("Three Parables—The Unwise Bee, the Owl Express, and Two Lamps", Ensign, Feb. 2003, 8 - https://new.lds.org/ensign/2003/02/th  )”
“At the tattoo parlor, my friend worked with needle and ink applying a design to the skin on his client's back, as the three of us sat discussing our spiritual desires and ambivalence about religion. In the midst of our conversation, the man under the needle turned and said, 'Jesus is cool, it's just that they have f***ed with Jesus. I mean, Christianity was at its best when it was secret and hidden and you could die for it.' This profound, if crass, statement recognizes that the power of the gospel lay in its ability to be a counter-cultural and revolutionary force - not only a story to believe, but a distinctive way of life. The man's comment prompted me to consider the questions: Am I in some measure complicit in the domestication of Jesus?”
“I had another reason for seeking Him, for trying to espy His face, a professional one. God and literature are conflated in my mind. Why this is, I’m not sure. Perhaps because great books seem heavensent. Perhaps because I know that each nove is a puny but very valiant attempt at godlike behavior. Perhaps because there is no difference between the finest poetry and most transcendent mysticism. Perhaps because writers like Thomas Merton, who are able to enter the realm of the spirit and come away with fine, lucid prose. Perhaps because of more secular writers, like John Steinbeck, whose every passage, it seems to me, peals with religiousity and faith. It once occured to me that literature — all art really — is either talking to people about God, or talking to God about people.”
“Only add Deeds to thy knowledge answerable; add faith; Add virtue, patience, temperance; add love, By name to come called charity, the soul Of all the rest: then wilt thou not be loath To leave this Paradise; but shalt possess A paradise within thee, happier far.”
“Faith and science, I have learned, are two sides of the same coin, separated by an expanse so small, but wide enough that one side can't see the other. They don't even know they're connected. Father and Lily were two sides of the same coin, I've decided, and maybe I am the space in between.”
“I've got my own moral compass to steer by A guiding star beats a spirit in the sky And all the preaching voices - Empty vessels ring so loud As they move among the crowd Fools and thieves are well disguised In the temple and market place Like a stone in the river Against the floods of spring I will quietly resist Like the willows in the wind Or the cliffs along the ocean I will quietly resist I don't have faith in faith I don't believe in belief You can call me faithless I still cling to hope And I believe in love And that's faith enough for me I've got my own spirit level for balance To tell if my choice is leaning up or down And all the shouting voices Try to throw me off my course Some by sermon, some by force Fools and thieves are dangerous In the temple and market place Like a forest bows to winter Beneath the deep white silence I will quietly resist Like a flower in the desert That only blooms at night I will quietly resist”
“Are we alone? Over time, you will come up with various answers to that same nagging question. Eventually one day it will occur to you that this endless asking is the answer you have been looking for. The fact that we have an ongoing dialogue with the universe is proof enough that there is "something" out there.”
“Sitting calmly on a ship in fair weather is not a metaphor for having faith; but when the ship has sprung a leak, then enthusiastically to keep the ship afloat by pumping and not to seek the harbor--that is the metaphor for having faith. (Concluding Unscientific Postscript)”
“It has hindered where it might have helped; it has been evasive when it was morally bound to be forthright; it has separated believers on the basis of color, although it has declared its mission to be a universal brotherhood under Jesus Christ. Christian love is the white man's love for himself and for his race.”
“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”
“I think this is what we all want to hear: that we are not alone in hitting the bottom, and that it is possible to come out of that place courageous, beautiful, and strong.”
“Focus on faith and grow your roots strong and deep so no one can make you believe in something that is not good for your soul.”
“Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.”
“Heaven is a place where all the dogs you've ever loved come to greet you.”
“The more a nation gets into darkness, the more it's going to hate the light. The more it's going to run from the light. And we have a generation of people who have given themselves to darkness, and they've embraced atheism, because it gets them away from moral responsibility to God.”
“With no positivity, there is no hope; with no negativity, there is no improvement.”
“When you trust your inner guidance and begin moving in the direction of your dreams (aligned with your individual gifts) you will be cloaked in an armor bestowed upon you by your guardian angel.”
“Take God at His Word – because winning the battle doesn't require physical brawn, but spiritual brains!”
“Many people seek fellowship because they are afraid to be alone let him who cannot be alone beware of community. He will do harm to himself and to the community. Alone you stood before God when he called you; alone you had to answer that call; alone you had to struggle and pray; and alone you will die and give an account to God. You cannot escape yourself, for God has singled you out.”
“You can do anything you want to do, if you want to do it bad enough.”
“Then I almost pity Judd.” Leaning in, she whispered, “Make him uncomfortable. Don’t take no for an answer. Push. Push him until he loses control. Remember, fire melts ice.” Brenna looked into those eerie night-sky eyes as Faith drew back. “Could be a dangerous game.” “You don’t seem to be the kind of woman content with safe and easy.” “No.” She also wasn’t the kind of woman who gave up at the first obstacle. Judd might be categorically Psy, but she was a SnowDancer.”
“Human life is under the absolute dominion of two mighty principles, fear and hope, and that any one who can make these serve his ends may be sure of rapid fortune.”
“What are you planting today to harvest tomorrow?”
“Try again; you have millions of alternatives. Fill yourself with the bullets of hope and you will kill failure with one shot.”
“A pineapple is a compilation of berries that grow and fuse together. When joined, they create a single fruit. And within each eyelet, contains a location where a flower may grow. I see the Creator of all existence as the crown on a pineapple, and all religions of the world as the spiky eyelets, where each eyelet symbolizes a different religion or race under the same crown. Each garden of faith may have different perspectives of God, yet every garden belongs to the same God.”
“If I were to believe in God enough to call him a murderer, then I might also believe enough that he, as a spirit, exists beyond death; and therefore only he could do it righteously. For the physical being kills a man and hatefully sends him away, whereas God, the spiritual being, kills a man and lovingly draws him nigh.”
“The parent is protector and trainer, but never the ultimate teacher. Every parent is responsible for teaching their kid basic moral conduct, manners, the difference between love and hate, and right from wrong. However, after maturity, the child must set off to seek knowledge on their own. Religion is never to be forced. And you cannot threaten your child with hell and tell them your religion is the only right way. There is no one right way. The many ways to the Creator are as varied as the colors of a rainbow.”
“Make rules and follow rules as needed, but don't focus on riles. Focus on faith. Focus on grace. Focus on Jesus.”
“Destroy what you have become and become what you did destroy/”
“Grace saved my life; it can revolutionize yours.”
“If we rely on anything else besides faith to maintain the practice of the presence of God, we will certainly fail, whether this is our feelings, or experiences, or sincerity, or good intentions, or reasonings, or plans. The reason these things will fail while faith will not fail is that all these things depend on us, while faith depends on God. It is a gift of God.”
“Pure heart, pure soul.”
“I don't trust people. The good part is, i don't really have to. I've surrendered my faith to the Higher power, and it's unconditional love for me. Who am i to question it's motives? Even if there are things i can't understand. This is why there's no need to trust people - if they are on my path, it means they are good for me.”
“God is perceived by the heart, not by your reason. But what is reason? Your heart simplifying God’s guidance to fit your own needs.”
“Faith in God is an opening up, a letting go, a deep trust, a free act of love - but sometimes it was so hard to love. Sometimes my heart was sinking so fast with anger, desolation and weariness, I was afraid it would sink to the very bottom of the Pacific and I would not be able to lift it back up.”
“We tend to think that refusing to exalt Christ is staying true to our self-will and personal freedom when really we are condemning ourselves. Sure, we can pretend to stay true to ourselves, but if you want to talk about reality, all of that is completely trivial if this life is an island and He's the only pilot with a plane and a flight plan.”
“And here she was. Lying on the floor of a dusty, empty, locked room thinking how grateful she felt. She smiled, though it hurt tremendously to do so, thinking how blessed she had been to have spent twelve years with the most precious gifts from God. She felt honored that they called her mother. She knew she had done the best she could teaching them about life and love, faith and family. Margo lay slowly dying from the wounds inflicted by a monster, but she was at peace. Because though the devil meant it for evil, God turned it to good.”
“Always listen to your conscience. If your conscience conflicts with your faith, question everything.”
“God is my only leader. Truth is my only sword. Guided only by my conscience, I am a true citizen of the world.”
“Faith is the surrender of the mind, it's the surrender of reason, it's the surrender of the only thing that makes us different from other animals. It's our need to believe and to surrender our skepticism and our reason, our yearning to discard that and put all our trust or faith in someone or something, that is the sinister thing to me.   Out of all the virtues, all the supposed virtues, faith must be the most overrated”
“No stars gleam as brightly as those which glisten in the polar sky. No water tastes so sweet as that which springs amid the desert sand. And no faith is so precious as that which lives and triumphs through adversity. Tested faith brings experience. You would never have believed your own weakness had you not needed to pass through trials. And you would never have known God’s strength had His strength not been needed to carry you through.”
“Souls reconstructed with faith transform agony into peace.”
“That's for the best. Otherwise they might realize they're in prison. It can't be helped. You women are used to harems and prisons. A person can spend his whole life between four walls. If he doesn't think or feel that he's a prisoner, then he's not a prisoner. But then there are people for whom the whole planet is a prison, who see the infinite expanse of the universe, the millions of stars and galaxies that remain forever inaccessible to them. And that awareness makes them the greatest prisoners of time and space.”
“In silence the three of them looked at the sunset and thought about God.”
“Glory be to Him who changes others and remains Himself unchanged!”
“Faith is only as good as the one in whom it's invested.”
“Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved.”
“Authentic faith leads us to treat others with unconditional seriousness and to a loving reverence for the mystery of the human personality. Authentic Christianity should lead to maturity, personality, and reality. It should fashion whole men and women living lives of love and communion. False, manhandled religion produces the opposite effect. Whenever religion shows contempt or disregards the rights of persons, even under the noblest pretexts, it draws us away from reality and God.”
“Intellect takes us along in the battle of life to a certain limit, but at the crucial moment it fails us. Faith transcends reason. It is when the horizon is the darkest and human reason is beaten down to the ground that faith shines brightest and comes to our rescue.”
“Faith isn't absence of doubt. It's belief without proof, not without question.”
“The purpose that you wish to find in life, like a cure you seek, is not going to fall from the sky.  I believe purpose is something for which one is responsible; it's not just divinely assigned.”
“فأي مقدور من المقدورات تضيق به قوة الله وحكمته، وأي عقل من العقول الإنسانية يستطيع أن يبدع في تصوراته وتخيلاته الذهنية فوق ما تبدع يد القدرة في مصنوعاتها وآثارها، وهل الصور والخيالات التي تمتلئ بها أذهاننا وتموج بها عقولنا إلا رسوم ضئيلة لحقائق هذا الكون وبدائعه، ولو أن سامعا سمع وصف منظر الشمس عند طلوعها، أو مهبط الليل عند نزوله، أو جمال غابة من الغابات، أو شموخ جبل من الأجبال، ثم رأى بعد ذلك عيانا، ما كان يراه تصورا وخيالا، لعلم أن جمال الكائنات فوق جمال التصورات، وحقائق الموجودات فوق هواتف الخيلات، لذلك أعتقد أني ما تخيلت هذه السعادة التي أقدرها لنفسي إلا لأنها كائن من الكائنات الموجودة و أنها آتية لا ريب فيها.”
“You develop faith by doing things that require faith.”
“Faith is a quiet certainty that there is both a higher purpose to life and a higher power that oversees that purpose. Faith is knowing that we do not have to go it alone during our darkest hours and, even when we feel utterly victimized and weak, there is still something brighter, purer, and more potent than anything we can imagine that cares enough to reach out and offer a shoulder for us to lean upon. The object of faith takes many forms and many names, but the universal truth is faith itself.”
“It takes years and maturity to make the discovery that the power of faith is nobler than the power of doubt; and that there is a celestial wisdom in the ingenuous propensity to trust, which belongs to honest and noble natures.”
“Lincoln grew immeasurably as he came to think of himself as an “instrument of God’s will.”
“My righteousness is just as good as Jesus' righteousness, because it IS Jesus' righteousness!”
“For several centuries, the Celtic church of Ireland was spared the Greek dualism of matter and spirit. They regarded the world with the clear vision of faith. When a young Celtic monk saw his cat catch a salmon swimming in shallow water, he cried, "The power of the Lord is in the paw of the cat!”
“Some nonreligious people are disgruntled by the word "faith," feeling that it has no connection to them. But we all have faith. Broadly speaking, "faith" does not apply only to belief in the supernatural. We have faith in our life, for example, believing we will live to see tomorrow, or in our health, believing we have years of healthy life ahead of us. Husbands and wives, parents and children have faith in one another.”
“Each day is a gift To embrace and welcome”
“Commonly men will only be brave as their fathers were brave, or timid.”
“[at CMC West Coast 2011, on 1 Samuel 14] If just a few of you would step up and be like Jonathan   as you step out in faith, you know what's going to happen? There'll be people like Saul who'll say, "God's doing something through that guy, God's doing something through that girl. I want to be a part of that.”
“Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.”
“It is a part of our nature to survive. Faith is an instinctive response to aspects of existence that we cannot explain by any other means, be it the moral void we perceive in the universe, the certainty of death, the mystery of the origin of things, the meaning of our lives, or the absence of meaning. These are basic and extremely simple aspects of existence, but our limitations prevent us from responding in an unequivocal way and for that reason we generate an emotional response, as a defense mechanism. It's pure biology.”
“ those who break the law should be loved more and not less for their sin, for if we do not forgive then is sin added to sin and the end is death.”
“Real faith comes when you facing a problem you can't help, you can't change, and you can't work it out”
“We are called to service in the kingdom of God. The Christian life is not about what you claim. It is about what you believe. True belief cannot be separated from what we do.”
“Of course the cat will growl and spit at the operator and bite him if she can. But the real question is whether he is a vet or a vivisector.”
“Have faith in your beliefs”
“The earth is but one country and mankind its citizens”
“So tell me, since it makes no factual difference to you and you can't prove the question either way, which story do you prefer? Which is the better story, the story with animals or the story without animals?' Mr. Okamoto: 'That's an interesting question?' Mr. Chiba: 'The story with animals.' Mr. Okamoto: 'Yes. The story with animals is the better story.' Pi Patel: 'Thank you. And so it goes with God.”
“Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam”
“So many things which once had distressed or revolted him — the speeches and pronouncements of the learned, their assertions and their prohibitions, their refusal to allow the universe to move — all seemed to him now merely ridiculous, non-existent, compared with the majestic reality, the flood of energy, which now revealed itself to him: omnipresent, unalterable in its truth, relentless in its development, untouchable in its serenity, maternal and unfailing in its protectiveness.”
“A faith that does not result in activity of any kind is a dead faith; it is empty, worthless, insincere.”
“Faith as the state of being ultimately concerned implies love, namely, the desire and urge toward the reunion of the seperated.”
“Atheists are my brothers and sisters of a different faith, and every word they speak speaks of faith. Like me, they go as far as the legs of reason will carry them -- and then they leap.”
“Remember that our Heavenly Father knows us perfectly and knows what's best for us . . . . Surely, His knowledge is greater than ours. We just have to have faith in Him. If we don't, well, that doesn't change what happened, it just makes us more miserable because we refuse to trust His will. Our Heavenly Father wants us to have joy. And happiness. But we need to look for those opportunities that give us joy. If we don't, what would be the purpose for existing?”
“We will experience the life we have the faith to experience.”
“When you’re outnumbered by trees your perspective shifts.”
“Thus Milton refines the question down to a matter of faith," said Coleridge, bringing the lecture to a close, "and a kind of faith more independent, autonomous - more truly strong, as a matter of fact - than the Puritans really sought. Faith, he tells us, is not an exotic bloom to be laboriously maintained by the exclusion of most aspects of the day to day world, nor a useful delusion to be supported by sophistries and half-truths like a child's belief in Father Christmas - not, in short, a prudently unregarded adherence to a constructed creed; but rather must be, if anything, a clear-eyed recognition of the patterns and tendencies, to be found in every piece of the world's fabric, which are the lineaments of God. This is why religion can only be advice and clarification, and cannot carry any spurs of enforcement - for only belief and behavior that is independently arrived at, and then chosen, can be praised or blamed. This being the case, it can be seen as a criminal abridgement of a person's rights willfully to keep him in ignorance of any facts - no piece can be judged inadmissible, for the more stones, both bright and dark, that are added to the mosaic, the clearer is our picture of God.”
“[A] great deal of what we believe we do not know firsthand; instead we have faith in the knowledge of specialists.”
“Everything we do for God will be the overflow of intimacy with God.”
“Could a body broken and blood spilled two thousand years ago restore my own damaged life?”
“The force that played havoc with the cortisol in my blood was the same force that helped my body recover; if I felt better one day and worse the next, it was unchanged. It chose no side. It gave the girl next to me in the hospital pneumonia; it also gave her white blood cells that would resist the infection. And the atoms in those cells, and the nuclei in those atoms, the same bits of carbon that were being spun into new planets in some corner of space without a name. My insignificance had become unspeakably beautiful to me. That unified force was a god too massive, too inhuman, to resist with the atheism in which I had been brought up. I became a zealot without a religion.”
“It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all”
“  the mind was designed not to defend what we want, but to discover what is ultimately true, which should shape our wants and satisfy them more deeply with God. The purpose of the mind is not to rationalize subjective preferences, but to recognize objective reality and to help the heart revel in God.”
“Believe, my child. Faith is the food of survival.”
“ the ongoing suspicion that scientific discoveries or rigorous biblical scholarship will undermine faith is a tacit admission that faith is threatened by knowledge, because it is ultimately constructed on weak or faulty assumptions and, like the proverbial house of cards, needs to be "protected" from collapsing. (p. 21)”
“It comes down to 'fear' and 'faith'. 'Fear' of what stands in front of me. 'Faith' in believing that the resources I possess can handle what stands in front of me. If I stop at the former, I will change nothing. If I embrace the latter, I can change everything.”
“Any profession of faith…entrusts the mind and heart to a truth that cannot be proven but can be lived.”
“Sometimes asking God for a reason for something is like asking Him why the sky is blue. There is a complex, scientific reason for it, Claire, but most children, including you, are content with knowing it is blue because it is. If we understood everything about everything, we would have no need for faith.”
“You didn’t just automatically become a Christian, did you? You weren’t made a Christian by just going to church. Just like you are not made a car by sitting in a garage all day! You have to make a decision.”
“Trees endure the hot sun and rainstorms by sending their roots down deeper. The adversity they face is eventually the source of great stability. The harshness of the elements surrounding them causes them to seek another source of life. They will one day come to the place that even the greatest of windstorms cannot affect their ability to produce fruit.”
“What you do in the Lord is not in vain. You are not oiling the wheels of a machine that's about to roll over a cliff. You are not restoring a great painting that's shortly going to be thrown on the fire. You are not planting rosed in a garden that's about to be dug up for a building site. You are -- strange though it may seem, almost as hard to believe as the resurrection itself -- accomplishing something that will become in due course part of God's new world. Every act of love, gratitude, and kindness; every work of art or music inspired by the love of God and delight in the beauty of his creation; every minute spent teaching a severely handicapped child to read or walk; every act of care and nurture, of comfort and support, for one's fellow human beings and for that matter one's fellow nonhuman creatures; and of course every prayer, all Spirit-led teaching, every deed that spreads the gospel, builds up the church, embraces and embodies holiness rather than corruption, and make the name of Jesus honored in the world -- all of this will find its way, through the resurrecting power of God, into the new creation that God will one day make.”
“ they needed someone to explain, to spin, the parts of the tale that couldn't be suppressed. Someone reputable and educated. Someone brilliant yet absolutely committed to the faith. Someone like my father.”
“Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought. ”
“Promise has faith as premise. Only men of faith can promise.”
“Faith is secured by adversity, but endangered by security.”
“There comes a point in our lives when we must decide for ourselves. Will we surrender to the God of the universe and place our trust in Him as our God, or will we fight against Him?”
“Regardless of your faith, you can never escape uncertainty.”
“Faith is about going through hell, coming out with some scars, and becoming a wiser person from the lessons you’ve learned along the way. You must take the scars of your past and appreciate them for what they have taught you. You also have to take the scars, the lessons of your past and not let them control your future….”
“Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you.”
“Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.”
“Reading about the response of people in stories, plays, poems, helps us to respond more courageously and openly at our own moments of turning.”
“I mean that we here are on the wrong side of the tapestry,' answered Father Brown. 'The things that happen here do not seem to mean anything; they mean something somewhere else. Somewhere else retribution will come on the real offender. Here it often seems to fall on the wrong person.”
“You have to go head, even if no one goes with you.”
“Don't settle for anyone just to have a someone. Be patient. Have faith and wait for the right one.”
“Lovelessness is a huge sin in the church. The four primary personalities in the New Testament- Jesus, Paul, Peter, and John- all four of them say that love is the most important thing. But the only time love really counts is when something unlovely happens.”
“In the end, only God can see the heart of an individual and distinguish the difference between legalistic deadweight and the passion of holy solemnity.”
“To the knights of faith nobody believes.”
“At any given moment, your circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen”
“All over India, all over the world, as the sun or the shadow of darkness moves from east to west, the call to prayer moves with it, and people kneel down in a wave to pray to God. Five waves each day - one for each namaaz - ripple across the globe from longitude to longitude. The component elements change direction, like iron filings near a magnet - towards the house of God in Mecca.”
“Sometimes, the scariest thing you will ever have to do is trust God to fight the battles you can no longer fight.”
“She fixed a smile that she hoped looked authentic. Pretending to be content continued to be hard work.”
“Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.”
“I'm always talking to God about whether or not he exists - that's how I know I'm a theist.”
“Peace is a place of unhindered enjoyment of friendship beyond guilt, suspicion, blame of inferiority”
“I can only imagine how happy life would be if we could stay so grounded in our faith that we would never waver in our positive attitudes.”
“Is it not by learning to read the book of nature with the eyes of faith that we come to recognize the drop of divinity that resides in our own souls though hidden, master? In the end is this not faith; to seek the light that takes us further, the light of Christ that brings that to which reason and knowledge alone can never raise itself? This is truth!”
“The more I read arguments for atheism, the more I am convinced it takes a very strong faith to be an atheist. And atheism seems to me the least reasonable of all faiths.”
“Aquí hay algo más que recordar: la esperanza te mantiene viva. Incluso cuando estás muerta, es lo único que te mantiene viva.”
“the believer claims to know, not just that God exists, but that his most detailed wishes are not merely knowable but actually known. Since religion drew its first breath when the species lived in utter ignorance and considerable fear, I hope I may be forgiven for declining to believe that another human being can tell me what to do, in the most intimate details of my life and mind, and to further dictate these terms as if acting as proxy for a supernatural entity.”
“Everyday in heat, rain or cold, I ran - alone in the woods - in the hills near our home. There I felt the gentle touch of God. I head Him whisper, 'You're stronger now. It's time to tell the truth of what happened. Tell your story to give hope to others.”
“Imani ni nia ya kujua kisichoweza kujulikana na hupeleka watu kwenye ukweli. Kuamini hupotosha, na ni nia ya kudharau kinachoweza kujulikana.”
“Kuamini (mbali na imani, ambayo ni nia ya kujua kisichoweza kujulikana) ni kwa ajili ya vitu usivyoweza kuvielezea. Unaamini kwamba siku moja dawa ya UKIMWI au saratani itapatikana mahali fulani, ilhali huwezi kufanya majaribio ya kisayansi kulithibitisha hilo. Unaweza kusubiri hata miaka mia, lakini kama bado dawa haijapatikana, unaweza kusubiri hata miaka mingine mia. Kuamini ni kujifanya kujua (na mara nyingi kujifanya kujua ni uongo) na kuamini hakuhitaji maarifa. Kujua kunahitaji maarifa na ni kuamini unakoweza kukuthibitisha. Ukiniuliza kama simu yangu ipo mfukoni nitakwambia ndiyo ipo, kwa sababu nitaingiza mkono mfukoni na kuitoa na kuiona. Siamini kama ipo mfukoni, najua.”
“Remember young man, unceasingly,' Father Paissy began, without preface, 'that the science of this world, which has become a great power, has, especially in the last century, analysed everything divine handed down to us in the holy books. After this cruel analysis the learned of this world have nothing left of all that was sacred of old. But they have only analysed the parts and overlooked the whole, and indeed their blindness is marvelous. Yet the whole world still stands steadfast before their eyes, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it Has it not lasted nineteen centuries, is it not still a living, a moving power in the individual soul and in the masses of the people? It is still as strong and living even in the souls of atheists, who have destroyed everything! For even those who have renounced Christianity and attack it, in their inmost being still follow the Christian ideal, for hitherto neither their subtlety nor the ardor of their hearts has been able to create a higher ideal of man and of virtue than the ideal given by Christ of old.”
“He who stands by his heart has God in him. Our conscience is what unites us with God.”
“To the corruptions of Christianity I am, indeed opposed; but not to the genuine precepts of Jesus himself. I am a Christian, in the only sense in which he wished any one to be; sincerely attached to his doctrines, in preference to all others.”
“Very few castaways can claim to have survived so long at sea as Mr. Patel, and none in the company of an adult Bengal tiger.”
“By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.”
“The faithful man perceives nothing less than opportunity in difficulties. Flowing through his spine, faith and courage work together: Such a man does not fear losing his life, thus he will risk losing it at times in order to empower it. By this he actually values his life more than the man who fears losing his life. It is much like leaping from a window in order to avoid a fire yet in that most crucial moment knowing that God will appear to catch you.”
“As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.”
“Some people say it is a shame. Others even imply that it would have been better if the baby had never been created. But the short time I had with my child is precious to me. It is painful to me, but I still wouldn't wish it away. I prayed that God would bless us with a baby. Each child is a gift, and I am proud that we cooperated with God in the creation of a new soul for all eternity. Although not with me, my baby lives.”
“Many of the most powerful things in life are not tangible. All it takes is for you to close your eyes to see.”
“Every worldview has to bring together reason and faith.”
“Sometimes in life we take a leap of faith. Remember, the leap is not about getting from one side to the other. It's simply about taking the leap .and trusting the air, the universal breath, will support your wings so that you may soar.”
“We are preaching hope, standing on the bones of the past.”
“Faithfulness imparts God's reason for all circumstances. No matter what the world says, losing is no longer an option.”
“Men do not turn from God so easily. Not so easily. Deep in each man is the knowledge that something knows of his existence. Something knows, and cannot e fled nor hid from. To imagine otherwise is to imagine the unspeakable. It was never that this man ceased to believe in God. No. It was rather that he came to believe terrible things of him.”
“The material world is simply an expression of the mind; that's what so many fail to see. We're so dependent on what is before us that we discount our intuition. Yet if one dismisses instinct, how can one understand or believe in a world that exists beyond one's sight?”
“Tell me,' asked Stas, 'what is a wicked deed?' 'If anyone takes away Kali's cow,' he answered after a brief reflection, 'that then is a wicked deed.' 'Excellent!' exclaimed Stas, 'and what is a good one?' This time the answer came without any reflection: 'If Kali takes away the cow of somebody else, that is a good deed.' Stas was too young to perceive that similar views of evil and good deeds were enunciated in Europe not only by politicians but by whole nations.”
“The risk is too great. A man cannot place too much faith in any one thing, neither a woman, nor a horse, nor a weapon, nor any single thing.”
“Follow the evidence to where it leads, even if the conclusion is uncomfortable.”
“Doing what is right to GOD gives you peace not regret”
“When has faith ever been about feelings?”
“Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.”
“In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb; a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy.”
“Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.”
“I ate some emotional soup in my childhood and have spent a lifetime trying to digest it.”
“My true religion, my faith in God. He gives me love and compassion. I simply return them by loving and being compassionate towards others. Our own heart, our own mind, is the temple of God. The teachings of God is to love one another as he loves us. We love by respecting and being compassionate, whatever they decide to do with their life”
“I do not know the answers to life's hard questions, but I do know the One who knows them and that's sufficient for now.”
“It takes faith to follow your dreams and courage to reach them.”
“I have found more inspiration in the cottages of fishermen than in the palaces of the rich.”
“You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future…because THAT only comes once.’ VAALBARA The Land of Shadows”
“Worry looks back, Hope looks forward, but Faith always looks up.”
“To believe in miracles in one thing to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.”
“Logic kills. Faith burns. Better to be the one with the torch than the one on the pyre.”
“When Hope disappears ~ Faith steps in ”
“Why can we throw a question further than we can pull in an answer?”
“Theology, philosophy, metaphysics, and quantum physics are merely ways for God to have his smart people believe in him”
“We must be careful more than ever what we let our hearts believe in.”
“Surely we cannot take an open question like the supernatural and shut it with a bang, turning the key of the madhouse on all the mystics of history. You cannot take the region of the unknown and calmly say that, though you know nothing about it, you know all the gates are locked. We do not know enough about the unknown to know that it is unknowable.”
“If the whole universe can be found in our own body and mind, this is where we need to make our inquires. We all have the answers within ourselves, we just have not got in touch with them yet. The potential of finding the truth within requires faith in ourselves.”
“You have to believe what you're saying if you're going to convince me. I just can't break that rule, even if I want to.”
“It is easier for a Russian to become an Atheist, than for any other nationality in the world. And not only does a Russian 'become an Atheist,' but he actually BELIEVES IN Atheism, just as though he had found a new faith, not perceiving that he has pinned his faith to a negation. Such is our anguish of thirst!”
“There is no doubt that the United States has much to atone for, both domestically and abroad To produce this horrible confection at home, start with our genocidal treatment of the Native Americans, add a couple hundred years of slavery, along with our denial of entry to Jewish refugees fleeing the death camps of the Third Reich, stir in our collusion with a long list of modern despots and our subsequent disregard for their appalling human rights records, add our bombing of Cambodia and the Pentagon Papers to taste, and then top with our recent refusals to sign the Kyoto protocol for greenhouse emissions, to support any ban on land mines, and to submit ourselves to the rulings of the International Criminal Court. The result should smell of death, hypocrisy, and fresh brimstone.”
“A voice said, "Climb." And he said, "How shall I climb?the mountains are so steep that I cannot climb." The voice said, "Climb or die." He said, "But how?I see no way up those steep ascents. This that is asked is too hard for me." The voice said, "Climb, or perish, soul and body of theemind and spirit of thee. There is no second chance for any son of man. Climb or die." Then he remembered that he had read in the books of the bravest climbers on the hills of the earth that sometimes they were aware of the presence of a Companion on the mountains who was not one of the earthly party of climbers. And he rememberd a word in the Book of Mountaineers it heartened him,for it told him that he was created to walk in precarious places, not on the easy levels of life.”
“Having one king, one god, one belief, they can act single-mindedly.”
“This in essence is my goal. To set an example by doing what is good. If I live openly and honestly, I set an example of virtue, humanness, restoration, and healing. I give others permission to join me on my journey despite the fear of failure or the rejection it might elicit when they know they are not alone in their experience. The more of us who amass the courage to embark openly on this path, the more normal this experience becomes, effectively eliminating the tactic of shame and isolation that the enemy so often uses to cause us to falter.”
“Man’s glory lies not, Lincoln thought, in ‘his goodness,’ for this is often nonexistent. He derives glory, instead, from his being made in the image of the Living God.”
“Pain anguish and suffering in human life are always in proportion to the strength with which a man is endowed. We will not pretend to say that Heaven always apportions to a man's capability of endurance the anguish with which he afflicts him Suffering is in proportion to the strength which has been accorded in other words the weak suffer more where the trial is the same than the strong.”
“‎Now I think ultimately our hope is certainly that people can feel and taste the goodness of God and to find the salvation in Jesus's love and sacrifice. Sometimes the biggest barrier to that has been Christians and has been a Church that is numb to the poverty of the world or just sees our Christianity as a ticket into heaven while ignoring the hells of the world around us. And we're not willing to settle for that kind of Christianity. We believe in a kingdom that begins now and that the kingdom of God Jesus preached is not just something we're to go to when we die but that we're to bring down on earth as it is in heaven.”
“One, just one, but definitely one of the great benefits of private prayer is that you can’t hide from your motives. In corporate prayer, we can sound like “all that”. We can blow Jesus smoke like nobody’s bizness in a crowd but, get alone with Him, and He won’t let you get away with the fake stuff. Try blowing Jesus smoke in your prayer closet and you’ll cough on it every time. Truth? That penetrating gaze of His hurts, but afterwards, it never fails to heal.”
“Faith is not a feeling, she says. It's a set of actions. By taking the actions, you demonstrate more faith than somebody who actually has experienced the rewards of prayer and so feels hope.”
“My mother believed in God's will for many years. It was af if she had turned on a celestial faucet and goodness kept pouring out. She said it was faith that kept all these good things coming our way, only I thought she said "fate" because she couldn't pronounce the "th" sound in "faith". And later I discovered that maybe it was fate all along, that faith was just an illusion that somehow you're in control. I found out the most I could have was hope, and with that I wasn't denying any possibility, good or bad. I was just saying, If there is a choice, dear God or whatever you are, here's where the odds should be placed. I remember the day I started thinking this, it was such a revelation to me. It was the day my mother lost her faith in God. She found that things of unquestioned certainty could never be trusted again. We had gone to the beach, to a secluded spot south of the city near Devil's Slide. My father had read in Sunset magazine that this was a good place to catch ocean perch. And although my father was not a fisherman but a pharmacist's assistant who had once been a doctor in China, he believed in his nenkan , his ability to do anything he put his mind to. My mother believed she had nenkan to cook anything my father had a mind to catch. It was this belief in their nenkan that had brought my parents to America. It had enabled them to have seven children and buy a house in Sunset district with very little money. It had given them the confidence to believe their luck would never run out, that God was on their side, that house gods had only benevolent things to report and our ancestors were pleased, that lifetime warranties meant our lucky streak would never break, that all the elements were now in balance, the right amount of wind and water.”
“Lakewalker legends say the gods abandoned the world when the first malice came. And that they will return when the earth is entirely cleansed of its spawn. If you believe in gods." "Do you?" "I believe they are not here, yes. It's a faith of sorts.”
“In tough and desperate times when your creativity begs to be birthed, loose the confines of the ground; stand up in your faith and walk atop the waves…”
“God is writing His story on the pages of our lives.”
“Holding his daughter close with one arm, he pointed toward the distant horizon. "As far as you can see—it all belongs to you, Faith. Someday, I'll take you to the top of a windmill and teach you to dream. When you reach for some of those dreams, you might fall…but your mother and I will be there to catch you because that's what love means: always being there. I love you, little girl." He pressed a kiss to his daughter's cheek. "So much…it hurts. But I reckon that's part of love, too." -Dallas”
“Those who find no humor in faith are probably those who find the church a refuge for their own black way of looking at life, although I think many of us find the church a refuge for a lot of our personality faults. Those of us, for example, who never learned to dance feel that the church is an ideal place for us if we can find a church that doesn't believe in dancing. Then we can get away with never having learned how to dance. You can carry this in all sorts of directions and see that the church is a refuge for what is really a 'flaw' in your own makeup.”
“ for liberty is an acknowledgment of faith in God and His works.”
“just show a little humility. If you know your weaknesses you will not be enslaved by them.”
“[Knowing God]  call it love, yes, only that can sound too emotional, or call it faith, and that can sound too cerebral. And what is it? Both, and neither  [its] the decision to be faithful, the patient refusal of easy gratifications  of Jesus' prayer in Gethsemane and on the cross, that bloody crown of love and faith. That is how I learn finally of a God who will not be fitted into my catergories and expectations  the living truth too great for me to see, trusting that He will see and judge and yet not turn me away  That is the mercy which will never give us, or even let us be content with less than itself and less than the truth  we have seen the truth enacted in our own world as mercy, grace and hope, as Jesus, the only-begotten, full of grace and truth..”
“We believe that faith is the cure that heals all troubles.”
“Life is full of change, honey. That's how we learn and grow. When we're born, the Good Lord gives each of us a Life book. Chapter by chapter, we live and learn.”
“My purpose is: What Lord? Where Lord? When Lord? Yes Lord!”
“I tried to convince myself once, when I was a teenager, that I felt God. Alone in the sanctuary, accompanying my mom on an evening errand to the church. I stared at the ceiling and drew deep breath as quickly as I could. I told our youth minister in his ball cap that I had felt Him. That I was blessed. But in the end, it was only the wind and the rain, making noise in the darkness.”
“When in darkness .strike a match”
“Someone has said,”Education is going from an unconscious to conscious awareness of one’s ignorance.”..No one has a corner on wisdom. All the name-dropping in the world does not heighten the significance of our character. If anything, it reduces it. Our acute need is to cultivate a willingness to learn and to remain teachable.”
“As far as God goes, I _am_ a nonbeliever. Still am. But when it comes to a devil---well, that's something else.”
“When God has specially promised the thing, we are bound to believe we shall recieve it when we pray for it. You have no right to put in an 'if', and say, 'Lord, if it be thy will " This is to insult God. To put an 'if' in God's promise when God has put none there, is tantamount to charging God with being insincere.”
“Faith is a marvel, and yet no human being is excluded from it; for that in which all human life is united is passion, and faith is a passion.”
“Perchance you who pronounce my sentence are in greater fear than I who receive it.”
“More profoundly, Nihilist "simplification" may be seen in the universal prestige today accorded the lowest order of knowledge, the scientific, as well as the simplistic ideas of men like Marx, Freud, and Darwin, which underlie virtually the whole of contemporary thought and life. We say "life," for it is important to see that the Nihilist history of our century has not been something imposed from without or above, or at least has not been predominantly this; it has rather presupposed, and drawn its nourishment from, a Nihilist soil that has long been preparing in the hearts of the people. It is precisely from the Nihilism of the commonplace, from the everyday Nihilism revealed in the life and thought and aspiration of the people, that all the terrible events of our century have sprung. The world-view of Hitler is very instructive in this regard, for in him the most extreme and monstrous Nihilism rested upon the foundation of a quite unexceptional and even typical Realism. He shared the common faith in "science," "progress," and "enlightenment" (though not, of course, in "democracy"), together with a practical materialism that scorned all theology, metaphysics, and any thought or action concerned with any other world than the "here and now," priding himself on the fact that he had "the gift of reducing all problems to their simplest foundations." He had a crude worship of efficiency and utility that freely tolerated "birth control", laughed at the institution of marriage as a mere legalization of a sexual impulse that should be "free", welcomed sterilization of the unfit, despised "unproductive elements" such as monks, saw nothing in the cremation of the dead but a "practical" question and did not even hesitate to put the ashes, or the skin and fat, of the dead to "productive use." He possessed the quasi-anarchist distrust of sacred and venerable institutions, in particular the Church with its "superstitions" and all its "outmoded" laws and ceremonies. He had a naive trust in the "natural mom, the "healthy animal" who scorns the Christian virtues--virginity in particular--that impede the "natural functioning" of the body. He took a simple-minded delight in modern conveniences and machines, and especially in the automobile and the sense of speed and "freedom" it affords. There is very little of this crude Weltanschauung that is not shared, to some degree, by the multitudes today, especially among the young, who feel themselves "enlightened" and "liberated," very little that is not typically "modern.”
“In the Bible, the opposite of Sin, with a capital 'S,' is not virtue - it's faith: faith in a God who draws all to himself in his resurrection.”
“The woman had gone down on her knees and was shuffling slowly across the cruel ground towards the group of crosses: the dead baby rocked on her back. When she reached the tallest cross she unhooked the child and held the face against the wood and afterwards the loins: then she crossed herself, not as ordinary Catholics do, but in a curious and complicated pattern which included the nose and ears. Did she expect a miracle? And if she did, why should it not be granted her? the priest wondered. Faith, one was told, could move mountains, and here was faith--faith in the spittle that healed the blind man and the voice that raised the dead. The evening star was out: it hung low down over the edge of the plateau: it looked as if it was within reach: and a small hot wind stirred. The priest found himself watching the child for some movement. When none came, it was as if God had missed an opportunity. The woman sat down, and taking a lump of sugar from her bundle, began to eat, and the child lay quiet at the foot of the cross. Why, after all, should we expect God to punish the innocent with more life?”
“Its as if you think you'd never find Reason and the Sacred intertwined”
“That faith be analyzable does not necessarily imply a method for getting by without it. . . .”
“(About changing faith) At our best, Christians embrace it, leaving enough space within orthodoxy for God to surprise us every now and then.”
“There is no great religion without a great schism. All of them have it. And that's because you're dealing with something called faith. And faith is not something you can prove; faith is personal opinion. Uh, when you're dealing with something with certainty, like, y'know, science or logic, you don't have the--there's no wiggle room; that's why history is not filled with warring math cults, y'know, because you can settle the issue; you can prove something to be right or wrong, and that's the end of the argument: next case. Whereas, when you're dealing with faith, you can forever argue your point, or another point, because you're dealing with intangibles. Personally, I think, faith is what you ask of somebody when you don't have the goods to prove your point.”
“If you can admit that you haven't yet understood everything, faith can fill the emptiness in heart to confront the hesitation.”
“A purposeless virtue is a contradiction in terms. Virtue, like harmony, cannot exist alone; a virtue must lead to harmony between one creature and another. To be good for nothing is just that. If a virtue has been thought a virtue long enough, it must be assumed to have practical justification - though the very longevity that proves its practicality may obscure it. That seems to be what happened with the idea of fidelity  Our age could be characterized as a manifold experiment in faithlessness, and if it has as yet produced no effective understanding of the practicalities of faith, it has certainly produced massive evidence of the damage and disorder of its absence. (pg.115-116, "The Body and the Earth")”
“If the church is to survive as a place where head and heart are equal partners in faith, then we will need to commit ourselves once again not to the worship of Christ, but to the imitation of Jesus. His invitation was not to believe, but to follow. (p. 145)”
“For many, the search for Jesus is initiated from experiencing an event in life so powerful, it awakens the dragons of faith; from pain so deep, it calls on the hidden fears of the soul in an effort to survive. For others it means a serious personal life survey that ultimately forces the confrontation with the futility, anesthetics, and despair in their lives.”
“Faith is always supposed to make it harder, not easier, to ignore the plight of our sisters and brothers. (p. 165)”
“Faith is the door to the full inner life of the Church, a life which includes not only access to an authoritative teaching but above all to a deep personal experience which is at once unique and yet shared by the whole Body of Christ, in the Spirit of Christ.”
“Some are professors and others are possessors.”
“Faith doesn't have to be much. Not any bigger than a mustard seed  That small. Only that much faith you'll need in me, God says, because I am so big. I am the Great I Am. So have faith in me.”
“The greatest hindrance to growth in faith is comfortable living.”
“People have a hunger to experience the spectacular, but the Lord is supernatural.”
“Anti-intellectualism remains strongly entrenched in many parts of the church, but it is grounded in fear, not in faith. (p. 19)”
“Seit wir den Glauben und damit die Wahrheit verloren haben, liegt zwischen Heuchelei und Ehrlichkeit der letzte Unterschied, der uns bleibt.”
“Our witness is only as strong as our freedom is real. We can have the most noble convictions in the world, but if we are snarky and impatient when we don't get our way, those things will interfere with our influence. If we gossip more than we pray, those misspoken words will demolish our influence. If our addictions get in the way of living out our convictions, we'll have mostly a negative influence.”
“As I ponder my pilgrim’s progress to Orthodoxy, however, I realize that I didn’t make the trip alone, but in a two-seater. And I wasn’t the one driving.”
“Faith" will help put us together on the same direction. Faith is building a relationship with God where he is in control. It is about believing although we do not always see. Do we love God with all our heart, mind, and soul? Can we follow his voice?”
“The only sweeter than union is reunion.”
“A corollary of this has been that Christians have thought that they should only create art with a Pollyanna quality to it: paintings of birds and kittens, movies that extol family life and end happily, songs that are positive and uplifting – in short, works of art that show a world that is almost unfallen where no one experiences conflict and where sin is naughty rather than wicked.”
“Jesus’s use of the phrasing “a new commandment” is frequently scanted in light of its implicit ramifications. Because Jesus at the Last Supper has executed the “new covenant” with his disciples, the Great Commandment itself now acquires an unprecedented meaning. Its new meaning belongs to this sudden revelation not merely about who God is but also about what love is. Previously the Great Commandment bade us to love God and our neighbor. Now this love can be comprehended only in an incarnational situation. Its incarnate presence is the activation of profound rhizomic relations that explode from the center toward the ends of the earth. We are commanded to be incarnational in relation to one another just as God at the cross was incarnational in Christ. . . . We are no longer simply Christ’s “followers" - the pre-Easter form of relation to a master-and-teacher that is conventionally called “disciple” - but also perpetual Christ incarnators . . .”
“I prefer a world with many beliefs and religions. It stimulates my faith to keep growing day by day.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“We take it for granted that Jesus was not interested in political life: his mission was purely religious. Indeed we have witnessed . . . the 'iconization' of the life of Jesus: 'This is a Jesus of hieratic, stereotyped gestures, all representing theological themes. In this way, the life of Jesus is no longer a human life, submerged in history, but a theological life -- an icon.”
“Faith is not like a raincoat, only to be worn on drizzly days.”
“We would not be able to impact future generations if family was not one of our top priorities.”
“Hit ain't sacrilege. Miss Effie Belle says when she cain't think what to have for dinner, she asts God and right off He gives her an idea. To my thinkin', thet's sacrilege." Miss Love really laughed. "There's not a woman in the world who hasn't prayed what to cook for dinner, Rucker!”
“برغم أن وجود الله ليس مرتبطاً بإيماننا; لكن إدراكنا لهذا الوجود مرتبط كلياً بحجم إيماننا”
“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
“Ironically for someone who had so long asserted his own individuality as his first and best defense against insults of any kind, I discovered that faith in myself proved to be the least formidable strength I possessed when confronting alone organized inhumanity on a greater scale than I had conceived possible. Faith in myself was important, and remains important to my self esteem. But I discovered in prison that faith in myself alone, sep0arate from other, more important allegiances , was ultimately no match for the cruelty that human beings could devise when they were entirely unencumbered by respect for the God given dignity of man. This is the lesson I learned in prison. It is, perhaps, the most important lesson I have ever learned.”
“Your faith is your conscience, and your conscience is your faith. You cannot have faith without a conscience, but you can have a conscience without faith. Man was designed to be good with or without religion, yet the challenge for many is staying good. Some people claim to be religious but have no conscience, while some people without religion are very much aware of their conscience. Therefore, a religious label does not define your character or validate your worth. In the end, all men will be judged by the amount of truth in them and the weight of their hearts. The heavier the conscience, the heavier the truth. The lighter the heart, the higher it goes. The only spiritual currency one has in the afterlife is amassed in the form of light, in that, the amount you have depends on the weight of your words and deeds in the living. Conscience is everything. Conscience is what connects us to the truth and light of the highest power source of all. God. The cosmic heart of the universe.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.”
“With positive attitude, you can graciously overcome every adversity.”
“On the Day of Judgment , life and death are not determined by the world but by God's wisdom and law”
“Wherever you are, you can pray.”
“Foolish is the man, and there are many such men, who would rid himself or his fellows of discomfort by setting the world right, by waging war on the evils around him, while he neglects that integral part of the world where lies his business, his first business, namely, his own character and conduct.”
“A complete atheist stands on the next-to-last upper step to the most complete faith (he may or may not take that step), while the indifferent one has no faith, apart from a bad fear.”
“Stand like a beaten anvil, when thy dream Is laid upon thee, golden from the fire. Flinch not, though heavily through that furnace-gleam The black forge-hammers fall on thy desire. Demoniac giants round thee seem to loom. 'Tis but the world-smiths heaving to and fro. Stand like a beaten anvil. Take the doom Their ponderous weapons deal thee, blow on blow. Needful to truth as dew-fall to the flower Is this wild wrath and this implacable scorn. For every pang, new beauty, and new power, Burning blood-red shall on thy heart be born. Stand like a beaten anvil. Let earth's wrong Beat on that iron and ring back in song.”
“it is not what happens to you, it is what happens in you.”
“An ironic religion -- one that never claims to be absolutely true but only professes to be relatively beautiful, and never promises salvation but only proposes it as a salubrious idea. A century ago there were people who thought art was the thing that could fuse the terms of this seemingly insuperable oxymoron, and no doubt art is part of the formula. But maybe consumerism also has something to teach us about forging an ironic religion -- a lesson about learning to choose, about learning the power and consequences, for good or ill, of our ever-expanding palette of choices. Perhaps . . . the day will come when the true ironic religion is found, the day when humanity is filled with enough love and imagination and responsibility to become its own god and make a paradise of its world, a paradise of all the right choices.”
“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
“Faith is for sissies who daren't go and look for themselves. That’s my basic position. Magic is based upon gnosis. Direct knowledge.”
“Love as content is in the habit of limiting formal patterns. The same goes for faith. After all, there are only so many adequate manifestations for truly strong sentiments; which, in the end, is what explains rituals.”
“Niels Bohr wrote, ‘The opposite of a true statement is a false statement, but the opposite of a profound truth can be another profound truth.”
“Always think of what you have to do as easy and it will become so.”
“God is logic's corpse, a wound in reason, grammar's empty skin. (1998) It is as obvious to my left brain that there is no God, as it is obvious to my right brain that the living God is all there is. (2018)”
“I don't believe in your God. And he sure as hell doesn't believe in me.”
“I cannot, of course, prove that there is no supervising deity who invigilates my every moment and who will pursue me even after I am dead. (I can only be happy that there is no evidence for such a ghastly idea, which would resemble a celestial North Korea in which liberty was not just impossible but inconceivable.) But nor has any theologian ever demonstrated the contrary. This would perhaps make the believer and the doubter equal—except that the believer claims to know, not just that God exists, but that his most detailed wishes are not merely knowable but actually known. Since religion drew its first breath when the species lived in utter ignorance and considerable fear, I hope I may be forgiven for declining to believe that another human being can tell me what to do, in the most intimate details of my life and mind, and to further dictate these terms as if acting as proxy for a supernatural entity. This tyrannical idea is very much older than P a g e | 5 of 29 Christianity, of course, but I do sometimes think that Christians have less excuse for believing, let alone wishing, that such a horrible thing could be true.”
“To hide is our insecurities telling God that what we fear is bigger than Who He is. And in this case, maybe we should shoot the messenger.”
“On Thirty-Seventh I spot a church. I climb the stairs and try the door, but it's locked. God must be sleeping in. I look left and right. Still no Sign. I'm looking for something subtle, along the lines of a long-haired man turning water into wine and holding a placard proclaiming himself to be Jesus Christ, Our Lord and Savior.”
“I don't need to believe. I know (God exists).”
“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
“Faith has won it! Fear has lost it! When you get full of faith, the devil gets filled with fear! Keep your faith in light every day and you will keep the devil in fright always!”
“Take faith, for example. For many people in our world, the opposite of faith is doubt. The goal, then, within this understanding, is to eliminate doubt. But faith and doubt aren't opposites. Doubt is often a sign that your faith has a pulse, that it's alive and well and exploring and searching. Faith and doubt aren't opposites, they are, it turns out, excellent dance partners.”
“And I don't believe you dead. How can you be dead if I still feel you? Maybe, like God, you changed into something different that I'll have to speak to in a different way, but you not dead to me Nettie. And never will you be.”
“Keep the faith. The vision is always for the appointed time. Be patient, prayerful and wait for the fulfillment of your visions.”
“But you'd get arguments from all kinds of people that the Bible has got to be perfect. That God would not permit such errors to be made in the Holy Word." "I thought God gave everyone free will. Which would presumably - and evidently - include the freedom to be incorrect when translating one language into another." "Stop making me think. I'm believing over here.”
“Sometimes we can focus so much on nothing that we make it a big something of nothing”
“There are many faiths, but the spirit is one — in me, and in you, and in him. So that if everyone believes himself, all will be united; everyone be himself and all will be as one.”
“The religionist is a living fossil, embedded in that rock called faith.”
“Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.”
“When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures.”
“Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.”
“Pious people spoke to God, and crazy people imagined that God spoke back.”
“Proverbs 9:10 The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.”
“Faith is a process of leaping into the abyss not on the basis of any certainty about where we shall land, but rather on the belief that we shall land.”
“She had walked to the brink, abandoning all belief, and just before the bitter end, she was pulled from the abyss by faith.”
“The creation of man is evidence for the love of God, the preservation of man is evidence for the patience of God, and Christ is evidence for the forgiveness of God. It is when we are wrapped up in our own little peeves that we begin to displace His benevolence with malevolence.”
“Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.”
“Faith is the choice of the nobler hypothesis.' Not the noblest, one never knows what that is. But the nobler, the best one can see when the choice is made.”
“Google, Facebook helps people than people helps people, in today's world”
“  challenge the church to do better, be more of who Christ wants us to be  ”
“Faith was the excuse you used if you didn't have a good argument.”
“All I know is that the closer I get to God, the deeper I get into the Bible, and the heavier the burden seems on my shoulders.”
“No matter how hard it is, or how hard it gets, don't ever, ever, ever lose hope!”
“Religion, like science, is only noteworthy when it emphasizes a matter of what is true rather than whose belief is greater or lesser or which deity works for whom. Sincere religion and tested science are similar in that their assertions can be argued logically and objectively; otherwise, we get false cults and babble.”
“Hope is magic. Hope is a gift. Hope is a raft we cling to in the midst of a storm. Hope by nature is an independent of logic. Hope is power outside of the facts. The human mind longs for something better. Hope is not rational. Yet who need rationality when God is on our side? The capacity of hope is the most significant fact in life.”
“They all believed in him because of the authenticity of his musical talent and his faith in it.”
“When comprehending how different people truly are, you also comprehend the absolute necessity of some divine authority.”
“Faith?” The word popped out before I could think about it. “Faith in what? A higher power? The gods? The universe?” My voice cracked at the end, and I realized what this whole thing had done to my faith, if I’d had any to begin with. I realized that the thought of a higher being in charge of all this made me angry.”
“A man has to have something he can put faith in. Can't you see that? What I want is someone that will love me; she would have me and I her. Otherwise a man may just go hang himself”
“There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear " he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.”
“God tests, but he does not tempt.”
“God, I am trying to recover my faith. Please don't abandon me in the middle of this adventure, I prayed, pushing my fears aside.”
“Christian love draws no distinction between one enemy and another, except that the more bitter our enemy's hatred, the greater his need of love. Be his enmity political or religious, he has nothing to expect from a follower of Jesus but unqualified love. In such love there is not inner discord between the private person and official capacity. In both we are disciples of Christ, or we are not Christians at all.”
“Do you think I care if Aslan dooms me to death?” said the King. “That would be nothing, nothing at all. Would it not be better to be dead than to have this horrible fear that Aslan has come and is not like the Aslan we have believed in and longed for? It is as if the sun rose one day and were a black sun.”
“Logic cannot comprehend love; so much the worse for logic.”
“‎Those who aren't following Jesus aren't his followers. It's that simple. Followers follow, and those who don't follow aren't followers. To follow Jesus means to follow Jesus into a society where justice rules, where love shapes everything. To follow Jesus means to take up his dream and work for it.”
“Sometimes new opportunity means new opposition. Not everything God asks us to do will be comfortable.”
“Any faith that does not command the one who holds it is not a real belief; it is a pseudo belief only. And it might shock some of us profoundly if we were brought suddenly face to face with our beliefs and forced to test them in the fires of practical living.”
“Faith is stepping out into the unknown with nothing to guide us but a hand just beyond our grasp.”
“There was a time when skepticism was an act of rebellion. Since to a degree I both believe in evolution and have faith, I can only conclude that, as prophesied, to have faith will someday be an act of rebellion.”
“In the desert, the only god is a well.”
“The more you delve into science, the more it appears to rely on faith.”
“Faith is stronger than so-called reason.”
“Celebrating faith over reason is merely a way of denying what is, in favor of embracing any whim that strikes your fancy.”
“Comparing yourself to others does nothing for you. Society has conditioned us to value people who fit a secular mold of perfection".”
“There are no atheists in the foxhole.”
“It takes faith to find personal significance in your relationship with God rather than how much money you earn, how beautiful you look, how many toys you own, how many trophies you collect, or how much territory you conquer and control.”
“Little faith sees God's hand in great things. Established faith sees God's hand in little things.”
“On the concept of unity- “Thatʼs right-Jesusʼ most pressing concern before leaving the earth was our unity. He was looking ahead, to every generation of believer. And as he prayed, he made it clear that our witness as his body in this fractured , messed-up, chaotic world would depend on our love for another.”
“ I used to believe in so many things—elves and leprechauns, virgins riding unicorns. I trusted that the world was made up of people who were generally good, though they may have lost their way temporarily. The faith my mother gave me—the words she whispered when she said good night, the idea that gave me hope for the two of us even when we fought bitterly over trivial things, as mothers and daughters do, I guess—was her belief in love, a love so unconditional we could barely scratch at the edges of comprehending it. ”
“Give up isn't going to help Keep going on will help”
“Addressing the concept of man made additions to the faith - “These additions- standards, practices, and allegiances supposedly created for our spiritual beneﬁt- have had the opposite effect.”
“Just because you can't see something doesn't mean it's not there.”
“Un sceptique qui adhère à un croyant cela est simple comme la loi des couleurs complémentaires.Ce qui nous manque nous attire.”
“بحكم المنطق الداخلي للأشياء يتوازى كل من التطور و الحضارةو العلم والطوبيا مع الإلحاد، بينما يتوازى الخلق والثقافة و الفن و الأخلاق مع الدين.”
“He is the light in my life and the rock beneath my feet. (Referring to the Lord Jesus)”
“It's because we have little faith that we look within instead of without.”
“In essence, we are deeper than being; we are character, which contains the conscious forces of love, justice, kindness, faith, and forgiveness.”
“No man succeeds without faith. Whether you call it religious faith or label it something else. I don't feel anything worthwhile is accomplished without it. When you believe there is a Supreme Being guiding the destiny of this universe and that within each of us there is a little part of that Being, then you will have faith in yourself, in your country, in that Supreme Being, and in humanity itself.”
“Keep me rather in this cage, and feed me sparingly, if you dare. Anything that brings me closer to illness and the edge of death makes me more faithful. It is only when you make me suffer that I feel safe and secure. You should never have agreed to be a god for me if you were afraid to assume the duties of a god, and we know that they are not as tender as all that. You have already seen me cry. Now you must learn to relish my tears.”
“Two natures beat within my breast The one is foul, the one is blessed The one I love, the one I hate. The one I feed will dominate. -Anonymous”
“There's one other thing I'd like to remind you of, my dear. There've been many times when you've sworn to me that after all that life has dealt you, it was no longer possible for you to believe in anything. I replied that both life and my studies had led me to the same conclusion. I asked you, 'What is a person permitted, once he's realized that truth is unattainable and consequently doesn't exist for him?' Do you remember your answer?" "I do, ibn Sabbah. I said something like this: 'If a person realized that everything people call happiness, love and joy was just a miscalculation based on a false premise, he'd feel a horrible emptiness inside. The only thing that could rouse him from his paralysis would be to gamble with his own face and the face of others. The person capable of that would be permitted anything.”
“Through the darkest hours of the night and through the dreamers realm I seek, Far beyond the starry sky and beyond galaxies I am free. Through the grimmest memories and past a seasons air I cannot breathe, Far beyond this mortal world in an afterlife we shall meet.”
“Our duty is found in the revealed will of God in the Scriptures. Our trust must be in the sovereign will of God as He works in the ordinary circumstances of our daily lives for our good and His glory.”
“Love and respect all people. Hate and destroy all faith.”
“Imagine a land where people are afraid of dragons. It is a reasonable fear: dragons possess a number of qualities that make being afraid of them a very commendable response. Things like their terrible size, their ability to spout fire, or to crack boulders into splinters with their massive talons. In fact, the only terrifying quality that dragons do not possess is that of existence. Now, the people of this land know about dragons because their leaders have warned them about them. They tell stories about cruel dragons with razor teeth and fiery breath. They recount legends of dragons hunting by night on silent wings. In short, the leaders make sure that the people believe in all the qualities of dragons, including that key quality of existence. And then they control the people — when they need to — with their fear of dragons. The people pay a dragon-slaying tax … everyone stays indoors after dark to avoid being snatched by swooping claws … and nobody ever strays out of bounds for fear of being eaten well and truly up. Perhaps somebody will wonder if dragons aren’t, after all, fictitious because — despite their size — nobody seems to have actually seen one. And so it is necessary from time to time to provide evidence: a burnt tree or two, a splintered rock, the mysterious absence of a villager. The population is controlled by the dragons in its collective mind. It’s contrived superstition, and it is possible because the people do not know enough about the way the world works to know that dragons do not exist.”
“I started having doubts right on top of my certainty.”
“In all my travels, I've never seen a country's population more determined to forgive, and to build and succeed than in Rwanda.”
“Prayer [is] the quiet, persistent living of our life of desire and faith in the presence of our God.”
“God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it; not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with.”
“No Temple made by mortal human hands can ever compare to the Temple made by the gods themselves. That building of wood and stone that houses us and that many believe conceals the great Secret Temple from prying eyes, somewhere in its heart of hearts, is but a decoy for the masses who need this simple concrete limited thing in their lives. The real Temple is the whole world, and there is nothing as divinely blessed as a blooming growing garden.”
“I see now that my faith was becoming an ally rather than an enemy because I could vent anger freely, even toward God, without fearing retribution.”
“The back door of every tomb opens on a hilltop.”
“The heroes of faith in Hebrews 11   obeyed by faith   obedience is the pathway to holiness   no one will become holy apart from a life of faith. Faith enables us to claim the promises of God, but it also enables us to obey the commands of God.”
“Things which are accidentally the causes either of hope or fear are called good or evil omens.”
“The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
“Are you aware of who you really are in relationship to the very God who created the Universe, who scattered the stars and aligned the planets? Only to those who remember and realize that they are literally spirit children of a God who knows and loves them, can the fire of refinement be welcome. Otherwise, pain and adversity are just that, pain and adversity. Fire doesn’t purify; it only burns.”
“Everything depends on One Word : "Maktub" !”
“God is not someone you meet when you die. His smiling face will be the first and the most familiar to greet you on the other side of mortality. You’ll recognize Him and know in your heart of hearts that you’re not entering a new sphere, but returning home to the place you’ve always belonged.”
“As prayer without faith is but a beating of the air, so trust without prayer [is] but a presumptuous bravado. He that promises to give, and bids us trust His promises, commands us to pray, and expects obedience to his commands. He will give, but not without our asking.”
“Boy you really missed the boat. I’ll make it simple, so’s even fuckin you can understand. Papa God growed us up till we could wear long pants; then he licensed his name to dollar bills, left some car keys on the table, and got the fuck outta town”. Water rushes to his eye-holes. “Don’t be lookin up at no sky for help. Look down here, at us twisted dreamers”. He takes hold of my shoulders, spins me around, and punches me towards the mirror on the wall. “You’re the God. Take responsibility. Exercise your power”
“Ah, but it is an interesting thing, that these things can so seldom be proved. If I were to perform some piece of, hrmf, magic for you, here in this room, you would claim a thousand ways it could have been done. Indeed, those ways might be exceedingly unlikely, but you would cling to them rather than accept the, mmn, the chance that magic, the eternal inexplicable, might be the true agent, and if you were strong enough in yourself, unafraid, unthreatened, here in your own chambers, well perhaps there would be no magic worked at all. It is a subjective force, you see, whereas the physical laws of the artificers are objective. A gear-train will turn without faith, but magic may not. And so, when your people demand, mmn, proof, there is none, but when you have forgotten and dismissed it, then magic creeps back into the gaps where you do not look for it.”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“Surprisingly, the Christian faith today is perceived as disconnected from the supernatural world – a dimension that the vast majority of outsiders believe can be accessed and influenced.”
“We are spiritual children of God the Father. We preach it. We sing it. But do we really understand it? Sometimes it’s easy to tell others they are loved, but not so easy to believe it of ourselves — not because we don’t think God loves His children, but because we may feel undeserving of His love. The adversary loves to remind us who we are not. Not pretty. Not smart. Not strong. But God would not have sacrificed His Son to save us if we aren’t worth saving.”
“Faith is the mortar that fills the cracks in the evidence and the gaps in the logic, and thus it is faith that keeps the whole terrible edifice of religious certainty still looming dangerously over our world.”
“It seems we are all too vulnerable to having our heart lead us astray from what is right”
“The only truth was whatever you could make someone believe.”
“The darker side of the City tried to emphasize the selfish parts of me by encouraging my sense of entitlement and my desire for personal space. But God seemed to whisper that the alternative existed: to let Him grow humility and concern for others in a way I had never experienced, to live out His peace amid whirling chaos. (p.67)”
“Every Christian should be both conservative and radical; conservative in preserving the faith and radical in applying it.”
“It is not as a child that I believe and confess Jesus Christ. My hosanna is born of a furnace of doubt.”
“Stories are verbal acts of hospitality.”
“True virtue never appears so lovely as when it is most oppressed; and the divine excellency of real Christianity is never exhibited with such advantage as when under the greatest trials; then it is that true faith appears much more precious than gold, and upon this account is "found to praise and honour and glory.”
“Unless there is within us that which is above us, we shall soon yield to that which is about us.”
“You are all soldiers of Christ," he said, "and now is an opportunity given to you to show that you are worthy soldiers. When the troops of a worldly monarch go into battle they do so with head erect, with proud and resolute bearing, with flashing eye, and with high courage, determined to bear aloft his banner and to crown it with victory, even though it cost them their lives. Such is the mien that soldiers of Christ should bear in the mortal strife now raging round us. Let them show the same fearlessness of death, the same high courage, the same unlimited confidence in their Leader. What matter if they die in His service? He has told them what their work should be. He has bidden them visit the sick and comfort the sorrowing. What if there be danger in the work? Did He shrink from the Cross which was to end His work of love, and is it for His followers to do so? 'Though you go down into the pit,' He has said, 'I am there also'; and with His companionship one must be craven indeed to tremble. This is a noble opportunity for holding high the banner of Christ. There is work to be done for all, and as the work is done, men should see by the calm courage, the cheerfulness, and the patience of those that do it, that they know that they are doing His work, and that they are content to leave the issue, whatever it be, in His hands.”
“Faith is not knowledge of an object but communion with it.”
“Men will trust in God no further than they know Him; and they cannot be in the exercise of faith in Him one ace further than they have a sight of His fulness and faithfulness in exercise.”
“Faith may want answers, but somehow it is able to survive without them.”
“The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.”
“This eternal accusation against Christianity I shall write upon all walls, wherever walls are to be found--I have letters that even the blind will be able to see. . . . I call Christianity the one great curse, the one great intrinsic depravity, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are venomous enough, or secret, subterranean and small enough,--I call it the one immortal blemish upon the human race ”
“The only real fall of man is his noneucharistic life in a noneucharistic world.”
“I take leave to contradict those who say that salvation is an evolution! All that ever can be evolved out of the sinful heart of man is sin-and nothing else! Salvation is the free gift of God, by Jesus Christ, and the work of it is supernatural. It is done by the Lord Himself, and He has power to do it, however weak, no, however dead in sin, the sinner may be!”
“For when God is said by these things to try men and prove them, to see what is in their hearts and whether they will keep His commandments or no, we are not to understand, that it is for His own information, or that He may obtain evidence Himself of their sincerity (for he needs no trials for His information); but chiefly for their conviction, and to exhibit evidence to their consciences  So when God tempted or tried Abraham with that difficult command of offering up his son, it was not for His satisfaction, whether he feared God or no, but for Abraham's own greater satisfaction and comfort, and the more clear manifestation of the favour of God to him.”
“The beauty of Catholicism is every human being's right.”
“To make a man a saint, it must indeed be by grace; and whoever doubts this does not know what a saint is, or a man.”
“Waiting is an exercise of faith that demonstrates the condition of our hearts. Waiting on God is an act of faith. And faith is what separates the men from the boys.”
“(Ezekial saw the wheel (Way up in the middle of the air -- (O Ezekial saw the wheel (Way in the middle of the air! (Now the big wheel runs by faith (And the little wheel runs by the grace of God -- (The above made up by professional hope experts, you might say, because willful, voluntary, intentional hope was the only kind they had in anything like long supply. Faith is not, contrary to the usual ideas, something that turns out to be right or wrong, like a gambler's bet; it's an act, an intention, a project, something that makes you, in leaping into the future, go so far, far, far ahead that you shoot clean out of Time and right into Eternity, which is not the end of time or a whole lot of time or unending time, but timelessness, that old Eternal Now. So that you end up living not in the future ((in your intentional "act of faith")) but in the present. After all. (Courage is willful hope.)”
“Fidelity is a living, breathing entity. On wobbly footing, it can wander, becoming something different entirely.”
“I look for a sign. Where to go next. you never know when you'll get one. Even the most faithless among us are waiting to be proven wrong.”
“I get glimmers of the bad nineteenth-century teaching which has made Mother remove God from the realm of mystery and beauty and glory, but why do people half my age think that they don't have faith unless their faith is small and comprehensible and like a good old plastic Jesus?”
“Please don't take my wings ”
“Great faith overcomes laws of nature that govern physical world.”
“Hey, I am thinking of it myself, in this part of world (East), we all do endeavors in praying and are sweating (white liquid) and this is our situation, frustrated , but on the other part of world (West) ,they are enjoying in party and drinking liquor (white liquid) but their situation is that, successful, I do not know that the problem relates to the type of liquid or the way of drinking!!”
“We are not to be occupied with our feelings or symptoms, or our faith or lack of faith, but only with what God has said”
“The top 10% of the people who are most creative, constructive and thoughtful, do not have much to do with churches. To them the canons of reason come first, making faith secondary and questionable.”
“Faith without a measure of doubt ain't worth a brass farthin'.”
“Spiritual victory is not something you earn - it is something you accept. The Christian life is not so much about what you have done - it's about what Christ has done. It's not so much about how strong you are - it's about how strong God is.”
“I open my heart to her and lay it on the table.”
“I don't want to base my life on a symbol," he said resolutely. "I want reality, and the Christian faith has always been rooted in reality. What's not rooted in reality is the faith of liberal scholars. They're the ones who are following a pipe dream, but Christianity is not a pipe dream.”
“We have very little faith in the Lord, very little trust. If we trusted the Lord as much as we trust a friend when we ask him to do something for us, neither we as individuals nor our whole country would suffer so much.”
“Life is a misery, death an uncertainty. Suppose it steals suddenly upon me, in what state shall I leave this world? When can I learn what I have here neglected to learn? Or is it true that death will cut off and put an end to all care and all feeling? This is something to be inquired into. But no, this cannot be true. It is not for nothing, it is not meaningless that all over the world is displayed the high and towering authority of the Christian faith. Such great and wonderful things would never have been done for us by God, if the life of the soul were to end with the death of the body. Why then do I delay? Why do I not abandon my hopes of this world and devote myself entirely to the search for God and for the happy life?”
“Dead men cannot take effective action; their power of influence on others lasts only till the grave. Deeds and actions that energise others belong only to the living. Well, then, look at the facts in this case. The Saviour is working mightily among men, every day He is invisibly persuading numbers of people all over the world, both within and beyond the Greek-speaking world, to accept His faith and be obedient to His teaching. Can anyone, in face of this, still doubt that He has risen and lives, or rather that He is Himself the Life? Does a dead man prick the consciences of men ?”
“‎God remains silent so that men and women may speak, protest, and struggle. God remains silent so that people may really become people. When God is silent and men and women cry, God cries in solidarity with them but doesn't intervene. God waits for the shouts of protest.”
“I honestly do not know if love vanquishes death as our traditional faiths teach but I do know that our vulnerabilities trump our ideologies and that love leavens the purity and logic of our beliefs propelling us to connect as the fiercely gracious human beings we are.”
“ there is therefore now no condemnation for two reasons: you are dead now; and God, as the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world, has been dead all along. The blame game was over before it started. It really was. All Jesus did was announce that truth and tell you it would make you free. It was admittedly a dangerous thing to do. You are a menace. Be he did it; and therefore, menace or not, here you stand: uncondemned, forever, now. What are you going to do with your freedom?”
“Dignity, and even holiness too, sometimes, are more questions of coat and waistcoat than some people imagine.”
“In the pragmatist, streetwise climate of advanced postmodern capitalism, with its scepticism of big pictures and grand narratives, its hard-nosed disenchantment with the metaphysical, 'life' is one among a whole series of discredited totalities. We are invited to think small rather than big – ironically, at just the point when some of those out to destroy Western civilization are doing exactly the opposite. In the conflict between Western capitalism and radical Islam, a paucity of belief squares up to an excess of it. The West finds itself faced with a full-blooded metaphysical onslaught at just the historical point that it has, so to speak, philosophically disarmed. As far as belief goes, postmodernism prefers to travel light: it has beliefs, to be sure, but it does not have faith.”
“Our obedience is God's pleasure when it proves that God is our treasure. This is good news, because it means very simply that the command to obey is the command to be happy in God. The commandments of God are only as hard to obey as the promises of God are hard to believe. The Word of God is only as hard to obey as the beauty of God is hard to cherish.”
“Nothing will unfold for us unless we move toward what looks to us like nothing: faith is a cascade.”
“But I could tell thee of other things, Inglés , and do not doubt what thou simply cannot see nor cannot hear. Thou canst not hear what a dog hears. Nor canst thou smell what a dog smells. But already thou hast experienced a little of what can happen to man.”
“The pure perfect truth of life is that we are here to create heaven on earth, to bring the perfection of what is above down to us, and in doing so to become transformed as human being into something great and beautiful.”
“In all of knowable reality, God is unique. He is knowable not like the multiplication table or the table of elements; he alone is knowable as the one totally in control of being known. He is not at the disposal of the human mind. He is known when he wills to be known. Yet he is known in and through created reality, which is known naturally. Therefore the glory of God is exalted most not when we know God apart from observation and reading and study, but when we know God as a result of his free and gracious self-revelation in and through our earnest observation of and meditation on his work and Word in history.”
“Sin embargo, conocí a muchos internados que supieron ser fieles a su dignidad humana hasta el mismo fin. Los nazis lograron degradarlos físicamente, pero no fueron capaces de rebajarlos moralmente. Gracias a estos pocos, no he perdido totalmente mi fe en la humanidad. Si en la misma jungla de Birkenau no todos fueron necesariamente inhumanos con sus hermanos hombres, indudablemente hay todavía esperanzas. Esta esperanza es la que me hace vivir.”
“Perhaps it is our obligation to be noble before it is our obligation to be happy.”
“It would be unjust toward children to introduce them to Christian teaching and existence only as little pagans and catechumens, in order to leave it up to them to choose the Faith on their own responsibility at a point in time difficult to determine.”
“There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion, but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower.”
“Our greatest challenge today is to couple conviction with doubt. By conviction, I mean some pragmatically developed faith, trust, or centeredness; and by doubt I mean openness to the ongoing changeability, mystery, and fallibility of the conviction.”
“To come to faith on the basis of experience alone is unwise, though not so foolish as to reject faith altogether because of lack of experience   the quality of a Christian's experience depends on the quality of his faith, just as the quality of his faith depends in turn on the quality of his understanding of God's truth.”
“Doubter wants proof which contributes nothing to her faith.”
“The question is not, who uses faith and who uses reason? Everyone uses both. The question instead should be, who has the most reasonable faith?”
“I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in human beings.”
“Some things have to be believed to be seen”
“Faith reveals the potential.”
“ he felt God the same way arthritic monks felt rain coming in their joints. He felt only a hint of him.”
“God blesses to the degree in which you believe.”
“A faith to live by, a self to live with, and a purpose to live for.”
“Just think of what would have happened to poor old Naaman if he had decided to dunk himself only once?”
“Judged by the normal standards of human affairs, the lives of men and women of God may look overburdened with suffering, and even inconclusive.”
“Answers based in truth are the foundation of wisdom.”
“I'm just tired of hearing about God all the time. What has He got to do with anything?  I'm not going to be immoral or commit crimes because I don't believe. I don't even think about that. I just get so tired of Him getting the credit for things the human race achieves through its own effort. Now, there simply is no God. There's only man. And it's he who makes miracles.”
“It seems to me some people just go around lookin' to get their faith unsettled. That has been the fashion for the last hundred years or so.”
“Why then should witless man so much misweene That nothing is but that which he hath seene?”
“We have not reached the consensus that to eat is a basic human right. This is an ethical crisis. This is a crisis of faith.”
“You just don't have faith!" Frank repeated. "Well I hope I never get it! It's like being hit by a hammer in the head!”
“The unqualified affirmation of the univeral will of salvation has radically changed the way of conceiving the mission of the Church in the world. . . . The work of salvation is a reality which occurs in history.”
“Now listen. Faith is like oxygen. It keeps you afloat at all times. Sometimes you need it. Sometimes you don’t. but when you do need it you better be practiced at having faith, otherwise it won’t work. That’s why the missionaries built all the churches. Before we got those churches we weren’t practicing enough. That’s what prayers are for—practice, children. Practice.”
“Do not think that we say that these things are only to be received by faith, but also that they are to be asserted by reason. For indeed it is not safe to commit these things to bare faith without reason, since assuredly truth cannot be without reason.”
“If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same.”
“What is the basic difference between saying 'I know that God exists' and saying 'I know that love exists'?”
“Jauh lebih menyenangkan merasa bahwa Tuhan mendengarkanmu dan mengatakan tidak, ketimbang merasa tak ada siapa pun yang mendengarkanmu”
“With God, brokenness is nothing more than the stage upon which the impossible is about to happen.”
“With a frigate’s anchors for my bridle-bitts and fasces of harpoons for spurs, would I could mount that whale and leap the topmost skies, to see whether the fabled heavens with all their countless tents really lie encamped beyond my mortal sight!”
“I have lost the consolation of faith/ though not the ambition to worship”
“Instead of giving a firm foundation for setting the conscience of man at rest forever, Thou didst choose all that is exceptional, vague and enigmatic.”
“The unbeliever has always such a very clear idea as to what Belief ought to be, I wish I had half his certainty.”
“[E]verything is always in relationship. In fact, you could almost say that everything is made of relationship, in a sense.”
“ while God's plan is straight, the path to achieving it is twisted.”
“Alle disse skæbner. Vi er så forgængelige, vi mennesker. Når vi er børn, skuer vi ind i evigheden; når vi ældes, ser vi tilbage og ved at det kun var et fingerknips, et glimt i tiden, at vore dage var som regndråber der falder i havet.”
“The initial function of spirituality emerged from questioning the human condition and also from deep experiences of wonder. The word religion itself, initially meaning to “reconnect,” seems to have come from direct experiences of something larger than just a set of fixed ideas. It marked a return to something essential that we just failed to recognize in the myopia of our everyday lives. How curious that we turn experiences of awe into dogmas and stagnant ideas. That we have come to associate faith with fundamentalism, blindness, and even terrorism gives us something important to look at.”
“when you want to go up that mountain and everyone else around you is telling you that is too hard, and you’ll never going to make it, please listen to that small voice inside your heart and one day you will reach the mountain top”
“Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.”
“Elva had said nothing to anyone. She prayed earnestly that she was "all right", explaining over and over again to God what the doctor had said, and how she couldn't properly look after the children she already had. Elva liked to pray in front of a statue similar to the one in her mother's living-room. She was not praying to the statue, but it was a kind of magical doll that kept her thoughts focussed on the Being to whom she prayed.”
“If you want something, work for it. Prayer is super-fantstic, faith is 'mwah'! But work is necessary and important. So work for what you want.”
“You closed your eyes. That was the difference. Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them, too-even when you're in the dark. Even when you're falling.”
“Through all the sorrow of the Sorrow Songs there breathes a hope—a faith in the ultimate justice of things. The minor cadences of despair change often to triumph and calm confidence. Sometimes it is faith in life, sometimes a faith in death, sometimes assurance of boundless justice in some fair world beyond. But whichever it is, the meaning is always clear: that sometime, somewhere, men will judge men by their souls and not by their skins. Is such a hope justified? Do the Sorrow Songs sing true?”
“Only 2 things determine if your life will end; God's will, and if you choose to give up. As difficult as life can get (and I know we face challenges that shake our faith and test our strength), keep in mind; you thought you'd NEVER survive the last "thing" you went through. Well, here you are, still living! That said giving up should no longer be an option.”
“Don't you find it interesting that people even use that term, 'act of God'? Considering that most want to believe that God is about lambs and love and babies and mangers. And yet this same so-called benevolent being smites innocent people left and right, indicating an anger management problem, maybe even manic depression. In a psychiatric ward, such a patient would be subjected to electroshock therapy.”
“Corruption is the most pervasive and pernicious source of evil in public institutions. People's distrust of public organizations is so profound that they have little faith in their ability to collaborate with them and achieve sustainable development objectives.”
“But if you are not careful, spirituality can quite easily allow you to bypass the human dilemma, because spirituality can be anything you want it to be, whereas faith will challenge you. It’s not so comfortable. It carries with it the undeniable tension between your search for security and the limits of your ability to know. Faith keeps your spiritual quest relevant and connected to the heart of the human predicament.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“Above all, trust in the slow work of God.”
“So you say faith is not enough for you and you want knowledge, too. But knowledge does not involve spiritual effort; knowledge is obvious. Faith assumes effort. Knowledge is repose and faith is motion.”
“UNDIVIDED I am for One world undivided. One world without fear and corruption. One world ruled by Truth and Justice. I am for One peaceful world for all, Where hate has been overcome by love, And everyone is guided only By their conscience.”
“Belief in immortality is harmful because it is not in our power to conceive of the soul as really incorporeal. So this belief is in fact a belief in the prolongation of life, and it robs death of its purpose.”
“They have no gods. They work magic, and think they are gods themselves. But they are not. And when they die, they ( ) become dust and bone, and their ghosts whine on the wind a little while till the wind blows them away. They do not have immortal souls.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“True love asks no questions, makes no reservations, but puts itself unconditionally into the hands of the loved one.”
“God will save whomever He chooses to save. The Christian should proselytize not because he thinks he can change everybody; he should proselytize because the Gospel being shared is the ultimate act of love: because he thinks he can love everybody.”
“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“Endure to the very end.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“على عكس طريقتنا في اختبار الطبيعة، التي نتعرَّف لقوانينها بعد اختباراتٍ؛ ينبغي لمن أراد اختبار ربّه الإيمان أولًا بنواميسه ثم اختبارها بعد ذلك إن شاء. ولا أبالغ حين أُقرر أنه كلما كان إيمانك بنواميسُه أرسخ؛ ازدادت احتمالات نجاح الاختبارات. إذ على قدر إيمانك بالله يكون حضوره في وعيك. فكلما ازداد إيمانك؛ ازداد حضوره كثافة في وعيك.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“If you want to fly, grow wings of faith.”
“Usually without realizing it, our ultimate peace starts and ends in the authority of God alone, which means the solution to living in joy, peace, and harmony with our fellow men has been here for all since the beginning of mankind and throughout civilization. I have yet to feel the urge to argue politics: it reminds me of getting off the freeway to sit in raging traffic.”
“Be strong.”
“Faith changes us - faith in something intrinsically good, something other than ourselves, something bigger than ourselves.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“If you are still alive, time is now, reject sin, seek righteousness.”
“Consider it all joy, my brothers and sisters, when you encounter various trials, for you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance.”
“He was looking for the Knight of Faith, the real prodigy. That real prodigy, having set its relations with the infinite, was entirely at home in the finite. Able to carry the jewel of faith, making the motions of the infinite, and as a result needing nothing but the finite and the usual. Whereas others sought the extraordinary in the world. Or wished to be what was gaped at.”
“Faith without any actions in accordance with God’s will is a dead faith”
“For once, engulf, not air, but hope. For once, breathe on, a firm belief!”
“I saw that, although they were at the mercy of the sweltering heat, or the pains of aging or poverty, they could tolerate these because their faith gave them the hope of being united in spirit with a supernatural presence. I still denied that presence. My denial, I was realizing, was my armor; it allowed me to deflect a barrage of difficult questions. But it didn't answer those questions. It protected me from charlatans, yes, but it didn't fill my emptiness or give me direction. Doubt served a purpose, but it also prevented me from trusting anyone or anything. Without trust, how could I ever be happy?”
“Whoever survived cruel situations, finds the strength of obedient faith.”
“A magical thought, inspired by the books he had read. But magic . . . surely there was a little magic in the world. The people who denied the existence of magic, they were the ones that it went badly for.”
“You have to appreciate where you have come from to know who you are in the present and whom you would like to be in the future.”
“You are the ruler of my heart. There is no measure greater than this.”
“Take lightly what you hear about individuals. We need not distort trust for our paltry little political agendas. We tend to trust soulless, carried information more than we trust soulful human beings; but really most people aren't so bad once you sit down and have an honest, one-on-one conversation with them, once, with an open heart, you listen to their explanations as to why they act the way they act, or say what they say, or do what they do.”
“Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.”
“Never surrender to you're passions. Dream and live to excess.”
“I live to inspire, not start the fire.”
“Have you ever tried thinking of God as a person instead of an all-powerful vending machine that never gives you the right amount of change? He has feelings too, you know.”
“Totally present in this moment for you.”
“Although I'm an atheist, I try not to crap all over people's belief in God. It may be nothing more than a placebo, a fairy tale that gives the hopeless hope, but sometimes a little hope is all people need to get through the day. Imagine a unit of soldiers under heavy enemy fire. They are told by their superiors to hold their position, even in the face of overwhelming fire power. The soldiers are being told that reinforcements are on the way, and that thought alone gives them the hope and courage to continue fighting, even if ultimately the reinforcements never arrive. I think some people simply need to believe that God is sending them reinforcements, to get through another day.”
“Is it possible to love someone so completely, so intensely, they could never die? To give them more than just your heart or your soul? What if you could give then the miracle of immortality?”
“Then every man would be as a god, you see. The result of this, of course, would be that there would no longer be any gods, only men. We would give them knowledge of the sciences and the arts, which we possess, and in so doing we would destroy their simple faith and remove all basis for their hoping that things will be better—for the best way to destroy faith or hope is to let it be realized.”
“Maybe heaven entailed more than a soul residing in a single place, but instead having pieces of yourself spread among the hearts and memories of people you've touched.”
“Service to humanity is service to God.”
“Special Logan Kiss  Yeah, but you didn't know that I'd recited how i felt for you right then, in that moment, in my mins. The words flowed silently, so easily. There's no mistaking them. When I gave you those kisses, I was telling myself and you . He peck my nose "I " He kisses my forehead "..LOVE.." My heart swells as He presses his lips to my chin, then he whispers " YOU ”
“Pray each morning and each night. Talk to God and be polite. Tell Him what you're grateful for. Leave your troubles at His door. Share your wishes, needs, and hopes. Ask God how to bravely cope. Tell Him all you learned today. Say the things you need to say. Beg forgiveness for your sins. Pray to live with Him again. Speak with earnest heart and soul. He will listen. This I know. For prayer is hope put to the test. And hope is faith in what is best. Faith is power to do great things. Thus, prayer is faith's enabling wings.”
“Girls aside, the other thing I found in the last few years of being at school, was a quiet, but strong Christian faith – and this touched me profoundly, setting up a relationship or faith that has followed me ever since. I am so grateful for this. It has provided me with a real anchor to my life and has been the secret strength to so many great adventures since. But it came to me very simply one day at school, aged only sixteen. As a young kid, I had always found that a faith in God was so natural. It was a simple comfort to me: unquestioning and personal. But once I went to school and was forced to sit through somewhere in the region of nine hundred dry, Latin-liturgical, chapel services, listening to stereotypical churchy people droning on, I just thought that I had got the whole faith deal wrong. Maybe God wasn’t intimate and personal but was much more like chapel was … tedious, judgemental, boring and irrelevant. The irony was that if chapel was all of those things, a real faith is the opposite. But somehow, and without much thought, I had thrown the beautiful out with the boring. If church stinks, then faith must do, too. The precious, natural, instinctive faith I had known when I was younger was tossed out with this newly found delusion that because I was growing up, it was time to ‘believe’ like a grown-up. I mean, what does a child know about faith? It took a low point at school, when my godfather, Stephen, died, to shake me into searching a bit harder to re-find this faith I had once known. Life is like that. Sometimes it takes a jolt to make us sit and remember who and what we are really about. Stephen had been my father’s best friend in the world. And he was like a second father to me. He came on all our family holidays, and spent almost every weekend down with us in the Isle of Wight in the summer, sailing with Dad and me. He died very suddenly and without warning, of a heart attack in Johannesburg. I was devastated. I remember sitting up a tree one night at school on my own, and praying the simplest, most heartfelt prayer of my life. ‘Please, God, comfort me.’ Blow me down … He did. My journey ever since has been trying to make sure I don’t let life or vicars or church over-complicate that simple faith I had found. And the more of the Christian faith I discover, the more I realize that, at heart, it is simple. (What a relief it has been in later life to find that there are some great church communities out there, with honest, loving friendships that help me with all of this stuff.) To me, my Christian faith is all about being held, comforted, forgiven, strengthened and loved – yet somehow that message gets lost on most of us, and we tend only to remember the religious nutters or the God of endless school assemblies. This is no one’s fault, it is just life. Our job is to stay open and gentle, so we can hear the knocking on the door of our heart when it comes. The irony is that I never meet anyone who doesn’t want to be loved or held or forgiven. Yet I meet a lot of folk who hate religion. And I so sympathize. But so did Jesus. In fact, He didn’t just sympathize, He went much further. It seems more like this Jesus came to destroy religion and to bring life. This really is the heart of what I found as a young teenager: Christ comes to make us free, to bring us life in all its fullness. He is there to forgive us where we have messed up (and who hasn’t), and to be the backbone in our being. Faith in Christ has been the great empowering presence in my life, helping me walk strong when so often I feel so weak. It is no wonder I felt I had stumbled on something remarkable that night up that tree. I had found a calling for my life.”
“Sometimes we place faith in the wrong people for the right reasons. We're too blind to their faults, and they're too blind to appreciate us. —Brighton Hayes”
“Your little choices become habits that affect the bigger decisions you make in life.”
“I once heard a Chicago-area pastor put it this way: we don't need more Americans bowing down to the Democrat donkey or the Republican elephant. We need more Americans bowing down to the Lion of Judah.”
“Despite what you think you know, sometimes your plans may be interrupted. Because you were designed for a purpose. You are on a mission to achieve greatness. No matter what obstacles lie in your path, you will reach your destination. Remember God's grace is sufficient.”
“Spiritual joy is what you experience when you choose to give thanks to God no matter what happens—even when things go wrong.”
“How did you merit so much devotion so quickly?' I asked, making no attempt to keep the sarcasm from my voice. 'I show them Heaven', said she, without a trace of irony. 'People are so desperate for light'.”
“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
“I have to serve with all my might.”
“I came to understand that belief is a preconception about the way reality should be; faith is the willingness to experience reality as it is, including the acceptance of the unknown. An interesting way to understand the difference is to use the words interchangeably in the same sentence: I believe in Santa Claus. I have faith in Santa Claus. Belief can impede spiritual unfoldment; faith is supremely necessary for it.”
“They cried. Yes, yes, they cried. Cried more tears than the Mississippi could hold, but those tears never washed away their faith…”
“Joyfully we undertake our daily work.”
“I have lost my faith, but I gained the truth! It is not important at all to lose your candle as long as you find a torch!”
“Now, a plain word here about the Christian church trying to carry on in its own power: That kind of Christianity makes God sick, for it is trying to run a heavenly institution after an earthly manner.”
“But God does give us responsibility, and it takes biblical faith to do those things in dependence on God.”
“Never shall I forget that night, the first night in camp, that turned my life into one long night seven times sealed. Never shall I forget that smoke. Never shall I forget the small faces of the children whose bodies I saw transformed into smoke under a silent sky. Never shall I forget those flames that consumed my faith forever. Never shall I forget the nocturnal silence that deprived me for all eternity of the desire to live. Never shall I forget those moments that murdered my God and my soul and turned my dreams to ashes. Never shall I forget those things, even were I condemned to live as long as God Himself. Never.”
“When we do the hard, intimate work of friendship, we bring a little more of the divine into daily life.”
“If you allow it, [suffering] can be the means by which God brings you His greatest blessings.”
“Deep, contended joy comes from a place of complete security and confidence [in God] - even in the midst of trial.”
“The size of a challenge should never be measured by what we have to offer. It will never be enough. Furthermore, provision is God's responsibility, not ours. We are merely called to commit what we have - even if it's no more than a sack lunch.”
“People often speak of hell, not wanting to go there, avoiding it..etc. I never had that problem because hell is a state of mind. Look around you; rape, murder, wars, hatred, envy my friend; you're already there!!”
“God never calls His people to accomplish anything without promising to supply their every need.”
“Nobody think about that broken heart  life goes on, broken heart never join together but it tries very hard to get joined again. That;swhy may be it said "Heart is like a mirror, if its broken can never be joined.”
“Jesus kept it simple. The lesson wasn't complicated. 'I speak; you believe My word; your son will be fine.' We complicate what God has made simple by seeing the world through human eyes. We want to see in order to believe and presume that our limitations are His.”
“Nature is bent on new beginning and death has not a chance of winning ”
“Sin may have the power to kill and destroy, but God is the Creator of life. He can create it from nothing, and He can restore it from death.(John 11:25-26)”
“Boldness in the course of a noble fight is worth the risk If you stand on truth, you'll only regret your timidity later, but you'll never regret being bold.”
“By telling you anything at all I'm at least believing in you, I believe you're there, I believe you into being. Because I'm telling you this story I will your existence. I tell, therefore you are.”
“Faith is a question of eyesight; even the blind can see that.”
“I don't think there's anything wrong with borrowing someone else's faith to get you through until you get enough on your own.”
“Deepen your faith in yourself. Nothing will be able To frighten or weaken you.”
“I am the chosen of the Lord, for who He loveth, so doeth He chastiseth. But I be durn if He dont take some curious ways to show it, seems like.”
“I lose faith in mathematics, logical and rigid. What with those that even zero doesn’t accept?”
“Truth without love, isn't.”
“It's still easier to find the correct Hoover bag than to find one pure person, one pure faith, on the globe.”
“In the wilderness, God's covenant people struggled with a choice between feeding their bellies and nourishing their souls. God provided manna--a breadlike food that fell to the ground during the night--to sustain the wandering Israelites and to teach them how to value His Word more than physical fulfillment.”
“What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH.”
“No rain can't get the rainbow.”
“I reckon it does take a powerful trust in the Lord to guard a fellow, though sometimes I think that Cora’s a mite over-cautious, like she was trying to crowd the other folks away and get in closer than anybody else.”
“Hope is like a word made with cloud, without faith, it quickly blows away.”
“I have wandered freely in mystical traditions that are not religious and have been profoundly influenced by them. It is my church, however, that I keep returning, for she is my spiritual home.”
“The door wasn’t closing. Shiloh’s spirit opened up as she considered the possibilities.”
“Плътта, ако крепне, крепне за сметка на духа; и духът, ако съзрява, то е не по друг начин, а за сметка на упокояването на плътта.”
“As to the doubt of the soul I discover it to be false: a mood not a conclusion. My conclusion is the Faith. Corporate, organized, a personality, teaching. A thing, not a theory. It.”
“The Good News does not hinge on words like do or change but on the powerless, irrelevant, and frightening words like belief and faith.”
“The Reformation was a time when men went blind, staggering drunk because they had discovered, in the dusty basement of late medievalism, a whole cellar full of fifteen-hundred-year-old, two-hundred proof Grace–bottle after bottle of pure distilate of Scripture, one sip of which would convince anyone that God saves us single-handedly. The word of the Gospel–after all those centuries of trying to lift yourself into heaven by worrying about the perfection of your bootstraps–suddenly turned out to be a flat announcement that the saved were home before they started…Grace has to be drunk straight: no water, no ice, and certainly no ginger ale; neither goodness, nor badness, not the flowers that bloom in the spring of super spirituality could be allowed to enter into the case.”
“Jesus lets us be real with our life and our faith.”
“Before God and high heaven, is there a law for one man which is not a law for every other man?”
“ we need to stop plotting the course and instead just land the plane on our plans to make a difference by getting to the "do" part of faith.”
“Of all the religions in the world, perhaps the religion of liberty is the only faith capable of purity.”
“Why do many believers insist on repeatedly pointing to the crimes of 20th century dictators who led officially atheistic societies as some sort of evidence of their god's existence? It makes no sense. If the rivers of blood on Stalin's hands and Mao's hands, for example, are supposed to prove there is a god, then what do the oceans of blood on the hands of several thousand years' worth of religious kings, queens, presidents, popes, priests, generals, Crusadersm jihadists and tribal chiefs prove? It's not, of course, but if bodycount is somehow the measure of a god's likelihood of existence, then believers lose. It is clear that humans are quite capable of killing with or without images of gods bouncing around in their heads. If anything, however, history suggests that the concept of gods makes the idea of massacring your fellow man (and women and children, too, of course) a lot easier to act upon.”
“They tried to believe in their classmates. They must have believed that if we could all get together, then we might end up being saved. We should commend them for that. We couldn't do that.”
“I was utterly convinced that an intellectual could never be anything but an intellectual, was simply not capable of being anything else, that his intellectuality would, sooner or later, erode his faith or erode whatever he'd masked it with . . . For example, intellectuals like to dress themselves up as peasants . . . but it never works. The intellectual's constitution is impervious to such things - it permits only one object of worship - oneself. Generally speaking, an intellectual in the contemporary version is an exceptionally resourceful and, essentially, pitiful being.”
“Worse still, he doesn’t know how to follow the piper anymore because it’s a path Tom has lost faith in. And the piper knows it. Tom can see it in his father’s eyes now. And the more he stares, the clearer it becomes.”
“The crisis of physical hunger is essentially a crisis of faith. What or whom will you trust to meet your most basic needs? Will you trust the God who made human bodies, or will you seek your own way? (Deuteronomy 8:1-3)”
“To require God to prove that He is able and willing to fulfill His promises would be proof positive that one does not trust Him.”
“Faith itself cannot accomplish anything, yet without faith, no one can fly.”
“It's not enough merely to believe there is a God. You must believe in the God who is there.”
“Maybe I am everything I knew that I would never be. I looked back at Jay and smiled.”
“I would stand there at times and remember how beautiful God created this world, and then I would be reassured that he would certainly take care of me and all of my loved ones.”
“A faith that can only exist in the light of victory and certainty is one which really affirms the self while pretending to affirm Christ, for it only follows Jesus in the belief that Jesus has conquered death. Yet a faith that can look at the horror of the cross and still say ‘yes’ is one that says ‘no’ to the self in saying ‘yes’ to Christ.”
“The Father is truly the only Promise Maker who is in earnest a Promise Keeper. A promise from God is a promise kept.”
“But if I could just get som ehint, some sign " Conchita smiles, without humor, but with great affection. "That's the point behind faith," she says. "It's not something you can prove .I know you hate to hear this, but you either have it, or you don't.”
“That eye which sees anything good in the creature is a blind eye; that eye which fancies it can discern anything in man, or anything in anything he can do to win the Divine favor, is as yet stone blind to the Truth of God, and needs to be lanced and cut, and the cataract of pride removed from it!”
“It must not be forgotten that reason too needs to be sustained in all its searching by trusting dialogue and sincere friendship. A climate of suspicion and distrust, which can beset speculative research, ignores the teaching of the ancient philosophers who proposed friendship as one of the most appropriate contexts for sound philosophical enquiry.”
“Yes, our Father has a plan, Ciminae,” he said. “But he leaves it up to his children to accept his will. It is their agency. He cannot force his will upon them. If he did, he would cease to be God. They . . . we must choose for ourselves to accept his will with unbreakable faith in our Father. That is when the Father moves us to do his will.” (The Spirit. From Book 2, "Worlds Without End: Aftermath," coming September 1, 2012)”
“It took a couple of months before we were both convinced there were no rules about sexual activities in Hell and our spouses were not going to show up out of the blue. It was hard to start a sexual relationship in circumstances of such bizarre uncertainty, especially for an active Mormon and a good Christian, both lost in a Zoroastrian Hell. We were like virgin newlyweds. All my life I’d been raised to believe this kind of thing was wrong. All my life I had lived with a strong sense of morality. How do you give it up? How do you do things you thought you’d never do? Where do all the things you believed go, when all the supporting structure is found to be a myth? How do you know how or on what to take a moral stand, how do you behave when it turns out there are no cosmic rules, no categorical imperatives? It was difficult. So tricky to untangle.”
“He who has two grounds of trust is lost! He who relies upon two salvations, and cannot say of Christ, “He is all my salvation and all my desire,” that man is not only in danger of being lost, but he is already condemned; because, in fact, he believes not on the Son of God! He is not alive to God at all, but rests partly on the Cross, and then in some measure on something else.”
“In the Judeo-Christian tradition, we carry forward the basic insight our fundamental relationship to the world is one of love. Christians say that “God is Love,” that God created the universe out of love. The source of God’s Creation is love, and our relationship to the possibility of meaning within this created world is in and through love. The Christian community is a reciprocal relationship among subjects who love and are loved. The subject maintains the meaning of God’s Creation by taking up a Christ-like love toward others. The appearance of meaning in the world—love’s product—is always a manifestation of the divine. Liberalism turns away from this entire tradition of thought, in party because of its association with religion, and in part because this tradition resists the analytic form of reason. For liberalism, religion is individualized and privatized, and thus it cannot be used in the explanation or justification of a public space. If it does invade the public, it threatens irrationality. But religion is no less an effort to understand the character of our experience, and even a secular philosophy must not ignore that experience. We cannot simply deny what we cannot place within our categories of analysis. (221)”
“In my return to church, I had learned the hard way to avoid assumptions about other people's faith. For one thing, people kept surprising me. If I listened carefully to them, my conjectures about what they thought usually turned out to be wrong. For another thing, I was insecure enough about my own faith, such as it was, to resent other people telling me what they thought I believed and why they thought I believed it. So I tried to hear what my friends say about joining their loved ones after death without assuming I knew exactly what they meant.”
“Science is getting knocked on all sides these days, not only from religious fundamentalists, but from all kinds of people who perceive science as arrogant, one-sided, and the source of the troubles that come with the technology it produces. It's true that individuL scientists can be so arrogant and narrowly focused, they're blind to any but their own truths, and that new discoveries bring new problems with them. Still, I don't know many people who would refuse a biopsy for a newly discovered lump because they think science needs to be taken down a peg or two. Religion gets knocked for the same kinds of reasons as science: for its arrogance, narowmindedness, and tendency to create more trouble than it's worth. Religion is also accused of concealing reality under a comforting blanket of measureless faith -- the flip side, perhaps of the scientist for whom nothing can be real until she has measured it. My own sojourn into religion convinced me that good religion reveals rather than conceals. Religion is the soul in search of itself and its relationship to the cosmos. This journey requires looking at all of it: the joy, the sorrow, the beauty and the horror of life. We hope for the best. We want meaning and love to exist not only in ourselves, but in the very soul of the universe. At times this great hope might tempt us to pick and choose only the data that supports our desires. But in religion as in boat-building, the design must be tested in all conditions. When I say that I'm trying to pay attention, and that paying attention means being willing to look at all of it, I think I'm trying for the same moment of clarity that Graham experienced when the wind blew all over his theory. Looking at all of it is what good science is about. I believe that it's also what good religion is about.”
“Dumnezeu este doar unul şi acelaşi pretutindeni.”
“So it goes for those of us who live in a cul-de-sac, where babies are brought home from the hospital and watched over, where hearts stop and feet slip, where we wonder if there is a hidden road that leads somewhere. We believe and we doubt. Believing and doubting share the same inevitability, but they are not equal. They cannot lay the same claim on our allegiance. They do not share the same power. If there are places beyond the cul-de-sac, doubt cannot take us there.”
“И на съвършените съвършенството е несъвършено. Св. Иоан Лествичник”
“Съвестта е онзи глас Божий в нас, онова огледало, в което ние се оглеждаме и виждаме своите недостатъци.”
“There is a greater Christian faith than one which settles for the temporal happiness, and that is the augmentation of faith. The more faithful you become, the harder the obstacles get; but the harder the obstacles get, the tougher your spine grows; and the tougher your spine grows, the less dependent you are on man's approval. I came to know this about Christianity when valuing faith before comfort.”
“God arranges everything for us, so that we need have no more fear or trouble and may be quite sure that all things will come right in the end.”
“Every faculty you have, your power of thinking or of moving your limbs from moment to moment, is given you by God. If you devoted every moment of your whole life exclusively to His service you could not give Him anything that was not in a sense his own already   It is like a small child going to its father and saying, 'Daddy, give me sixpence to buy you a birthday present.' It is all very nice and proper, but only an idiot would think that the father is sixpence to the good on the transaction.”
“God is not only the God of the sufferers but the God who suffers.   It is said of God that no one can behold his face and live. I always thought this meant that no one could see his splendor and live. A friend said perhaps it meant that no one could see his sorrow and live. Or perhaps his sorrow is splendor.   Instead of explaining our suffering God shares it.”
“you won’t ever get ahead if you keep feeling sorry for yourself. You must stop all the negative talk and start thinking positive. You have a lot of potential but your life won’t change until you change how you think”.”
“Faith is a footbridge that you don't know will hold you up over the chasm until you're forced to walk out onto it.”
“A guilty suffering spirit is more open to grace than an apathetic or smug soul.' - Bread & Wine (day 5)”
“The organist was almost at the end of the anthem’s long introduction, and as the crescendo increases the cathedral began to glitter before my eyes until I felt as if every stone in the building was vibrating in anticipation of the sweeping sword of sound from the Choir. The note exploded in our midst, and at that moment I knew our creator had touched not only me but all of us, just as Harriet had touched that sculpture with a loving hand long ago, and in that touch I sensed the indestructible fidelity, the indescribable devotion and the inexhaustible energy of the creator as he shaped his creation, bringing life out of dead matter, wresting form continually from chaos. Nothing was ever lost, Harriet had said, and nothing was ever wasted because always, when the work was finally completed, every article of the created process, seen or unseen, kept or discarded, broken or mended – EVERYTHING was justified, glorified and redeemed.”
“Any faith that does not command the one who holds it is not a real belief; it is a pseudo belief only. And it might shock some of us profoundly if we were brought suddenly face to face with our beliefs and forced to test them in the fires of practical living. Many of us Christians have become extremely skillful in arranging our lives so as to admit the truth of Christianity without being embarrassed by its implications.”
“My friend Bob, who is both a student of Yoga and a neuroscientist, told me that he was always agitated by this idea of the chakras, that he wanted to actually see them in a dissected human body in order to believe they existed. But after a particularly transcendent meditative experience, he came away with a new understanding of it. He said,'Just as there exists in writing a literal truth and a poetic truth, there also exists in a human being a literal anatomy and a poetic anatomy. One, you can see; one, you cannot. One is made of bones and teeth and flesh; the other is made of energy and memory and faith. But they are both equally true”
“Nature" is another name for the miracles that are so commonplace in our lives that we take for granted and have grown used to seeing them.”
“The cautious faith that never saws off a limb on which it is sitting, never learns that unattached limbs may find strange unaccountable ways of not falling.”
“Strange are the pictures of the future that mankind can thus draw with this brush of faith and these many-coloured pigments of the imagination! Strange, too, that no one of them tallies with another!”
“How is faith to endure, O God, when you allow all this scraping and tearing on us? You have allowed rivers of blood to flow, mountains of suffering to pile up, sobs to become humanity's song--all without lifting a finger that we could see. You have allowed bonds of love beyond number to be painfully snapped. If you have not abandoned us, explain yourself. We strain to hear. But instead of hearing an answer we catch sight of God himself scraped and torn. Through our tears we see the tears of God.”
“If we require some kind of sign, or "proof," for our belief in God, then we believe, or place our tust, not in God but in the sign or proof.”
“I prayed to a mystery. Sometimes I was simply aware of the mystery. I saw a flash of it during a trip to New York that David and I took before we were married. We were walking on a busy sidewalk in Manhattan. I don't remember if it was day or night. A man with a wound on his forehead came toward us. His damp, ragged hair might have been clotted with blood, or maybe it was only dirt. He wore deeply dirty clothes. His red, swollen hands, cupped in half-fists, swung loosely at his sides. His eyes were focused somewhere past my right shoulder. He staggered while he walked. The sidewalk traffic flowed around him and with him. He was strange and frightening, and at the same time he belonged on the Manhattan sidewalk as much as any of us. It was that paradox -- that he could be both alien and resident, both brutalized and human, that he could stand out in the moving mass of people like a sea monster in a school of tuna and at the same time be as much at home as any of us -- that stayed with me. I never saw him again, but I remember him often, and when I do, I am aware of the mystery. Years later, I was out on our property on the Olympic Peninsula, cutting a path through the woods. This was before our house was built. After chopping through dense salal and hacking off ironwood bushes for an hour or so, I stopped, exhausted. I found myself standing motionless, intensely aware of all of the life around me, the breathing moss, the chattering birds, the living earth. I was as much a part of the woods as any millipede or cedar tree. At that moment, too, I was aware of the mystery. Sometimes I wanted to speak to this mystery directly. Out of habit, I began with "Dear God" and ended with "Amen". But I thought to myself, I'm not praying to that old man in the sky. Rather, I'm praying to this thing I can't define. It was sort of like talking into a foggy valley. Praying into a bank of fog requires alot of effort. I wanted an image to focus on when I prayed. I wanted something to pray *to*. but I couldn't go back to that old man. He was too closely associated with all I'd left behind.”
“He respected the power of faith, the benevolence of churches, the strength religion gave so many people . . . and yet, for him, the one intellectual suspension of disbelief that was imperative if one were truly going to "believe" had always proved too big an obstacle for his academic mind. "I want to believe," he heard himself say.”
“On faith’s battered back calm eyes etch prayers that cool a nation’s hot rage.”
“When you're young, faith is often a matter of rules. What you should do and shouldn't do, that kind of thing. But as you get older, you realize that faith is really a matter of relationship - with God, with the people around you, with the members of your community.”
“Fe es aquello que nos permite creer en cosas que sabemos que no son ciertas.”
“Faith which does not doubt is dead faith. -Miguel de Unamuno, philosopher and writer (1864-1936)”
“And now they were weary and frightened because they had gone against a system they did not understand and it had beaten them. They knew that the team and the wagon were worth much more. They knew the buyer man would get much more, but they didn't know how to do it. Merchandising was a secret to them.”
“In addition to the kind of critical reflection on one's previous assumptive or tacit system of values we saw Jack undertake, there must be, for Stage 4, a relocation of authority within the self. While others and their judgments will remain important to the Individuative-Reflective person, their expectations, advice and counsel will be submitted to an internal panel of experts who reserve the right to choose and who are prepared to take responsibility for their choices. I sometimes call this the emergence of the executive ego. The two essential features of the emergence of Stage 4, then, are the critical distancing from one's previous assumptive value system and the emergence of the executive ego. . . . We find that sometimes many persons complete half of this double movement, but do not complete the other.”
“Tom has been having a difficult patch, and we meet at the church of IKEA as often as possible, because it is equidistant from our houses and always cheers us up. Yesterday I asked, 'In your depression, and with so many people having such a hard time, where is Advent?' He tried to wiggle out of it by saying, 'You Protestants and your little questions!' Then, when pushed, he said: 'Faith is a decision. Do we believe we are ultimately doomed and fucked and there's no way out? Or that God and goodness make a difference? There is heaven, community, and hope - and hope that there is life beyond the grave.' 'But Tom, at the same time, the grave is very real, dark and cold and lonely.' 'Advent is not for the naive. Because in spite of the dark and cold, we see light - you look up, or you make light, with candles, or with strands of lightbulbs on trees. And you give light. Beauty helps, in art and nature and faces. Friends help. Solidarity helps. If you ask me, when people return phone calls, it's about as good as it gets. And who knows beyond that.”
“Why God should want and need us is a mystery. But it is true: otherwise he would not have created us and life would ultimately have no meaning for us. It is good to remember that in God the is a constancy, a consistency of attitude which never changes, irrespective of what we are or how we act: he never changes in is wanting us or needing us.”
“A belief which leaves no place for doubt is not a belief; it is a superstition. -Jose Bergamin, author (1895-1983)”
“Faith, sir, as to that matter, I don't believe one half of it myself.”
“Христовият мир е свобода от греха, а мирът на света е свобода на греха ”
“I prayed to what all things hold in common. I prayed to what makes life. I thought about the elements of the universe, the rocks, the stars, the air, other living things. I tried to get the perspective of what's behind all that. I prayed to the force that brings things into existence. I thought this force encompassed all it created. My God was transcendent, and my God was also immanent. God ran in my veins. God lived and died and lived again in every atom of the universe.”
“But the witness of the substitutionary atonement of Jesus is that God's most difficult promise has been kept.”
“If you believed in Christianity or Islam it was called 'faith', but if you believed in astrology or friday the thirteenth it was Superstition!”
“I am not functioning very well. Living with the knowledge that the baby is dead is painful. I feel so far away from you, God. I can only try to believe that you are sustaining me and guiding me through this. Please continue to stand by my side.”
“You are the hybrids of golden worlds and ages splendidly conceived.”
“We must look to Mary's example to know how to deal with the glorious impossibilities of God. Look how she turned the world upside down by making one simple statement  ”
“Yes, she believed God loved her. But if this whole fiasco was His idea of love . . .”
“Prophet,' he said, 'Your doctrines I do not know; therefore if I accepted them, I would do it out of fear like a coward and a base man. Are you anxious that your faith be professed by cowards and base people?”
“Trying to justify a world we don't hold all the answers to is what bedevils the best of us. Sometimes it's better just to accept that things are as we see them.”
“As your faith is strengthened, you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will and that you will flow with them to your great delight and benefit.”
“Watching you has taught me that a man need not be weak to have a faith, but is made strong by it.”
“The average man has no central core of moral assurance, no spring within his breast, no inner strength to place him above the need for repeated psychological shots to give him the courage to go on living. He has become a parasite on the world, drawing his life from his environment, unable to live a day apart from the stimulation which society affords him.”
“Logic only tells us what's there; it can't really address what isn't. Even the most devoted empiricist must admit that we have no hope of understanding the universe. Some things are unknowable.”
“There is a beauty in paradox when it comes to talking about things of ultimate concern. Paradox works against our tendency to stay superficial in our faith, or to rest on easy answers or categorical thinking. It breaks apart our categories by showing the inadequacy of them and by pointing to a reality larger than us, the reality of gloria, of light, of beyond-the-beyond. I like to call it paradoxology—the glory of paradox, paradox-doxology—which takes us somewhere we wouldn’t be capable of going if we thought we had everything all wrapped up, if we thought we had attained full comprehension. The commitment to embracing the paradox and resisting the impulse to categorize people (ourselves included) is one of the ways we follow Jesus into that larger mysterious reality of light and love.”
“Levi," Maria called. "Come back. We're not finished yet." He paused "What, Maria?" "You asked me what I believe in? I believed in you." He nodded his head sadly. "Yes, you did. And before you met me, you believed in nothing. But that's the thing with belief, Maria. It's easy to believe in something when it doesn't require anything from you. It's much harder, though, when the object of your belief requires something of you or asks for something you don't want to give. That's when real belief occurs.”
“I loved my father, but I was not like him. I never needed to believe the best of people. I took them as they were: two-faced, desperate, kind - perhaps all at once. But to Pa, they were all children of god, poor troubled sheep, who only needed love and an even break. He needed the world to back up what his religion told him about people. And when it came down to a choice between reason and faith, he let go of reason.”
“The daily circumstances of life will afford us opportunities enough of glorifying God in trust, without our waiting for any extraordinary calls upon faith, our faith. Let us remember that the extraordinary circumstances of life are but few; that much of life may slip past without their occurrence; and that if we be not faithful and trusting in that which is little, we are not likely to be so in that which is great  Let our trust be reared in the humble nursery of our own daily experience, with its ever recurring little wants and trials, and sorrows; and then, when need be, it will come forth, to do such great things as are required of it.”
“Keep marching boys and girls. Keep marching”
“You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.”
“God is as real as a station wagon.”
“Should one continue to follow the faith of a group that's cast him out? Shouldn't it stand to reason that if he was true to that faith that the group should have been true to him? Is it unreasonable to ask forgiveness of one who is all-forgiving?”
“We are in God’s hands. We can’t come up with a surprise big enough or a sin vile enough to thwart His plan. If we allow Him to refine us we will inevitably end up free from the impurities that separate us from Him.”
“Love is hard. We try to love one another. But generally the quality and quantity of our love for one another is found wanting, because we find it difficult, if not impossible, to look beyond those things that are ugly and unlovable in those we try to love. Even though the things that are ugly and unlovable in ourselves are the very things that cause us to cry out for love.”
“I would rather believe God doesn't exist than believe he doesn't care.”
“God is merciful cant we all be on the right track of faith but just using different roads?”
“He who asserts belief with absolute certainty knows nothing of faith and makes himself into a fool. He who is wise, upon realizing they have done this, recants and searches themselves for further enlightenment.”
“It seems all spirits need theatrics, eh? Even Christ himself requires incense and holy water. We're a skeptical people. We need convincing.”
“What a failure her life had been. Would she have lied to God if she’d had more faith, been more righteous? How could she possibly have a son at her age? And yet, if she had believed all along . . .”
“Molitveni jezik jedini je jezik u kojem nema jezičnih zabrana. Kako je već rečeno, on je obuhvatniji od jezika vjere koja je sigurna u samu sebe. U jeziku molitve može se naime reći i to da se ne može vjerovati.”
“Ние строим духовно пречиствателна станция.”
“Науката казва докажи ми и ще повярвам, а вярата казва повярвай и ще ти докажа!”
“That was one of the inherent flaws of faith. Belief without knowing. But worse yet: belief without action. It could be good in its own right. Beautiful, even, when embraced, but that had to be measured. Checked. Too many surrendered themselves to it. What they did not see was simple fact. Religion did not bring peace. It merely offered a means. It was up to man to create peace.”
“There’s faith that knows itself as faith, Proyas, and there’s faith that confuses itself for knowledge. The first embraces uncertainty, acknowledges the mysteriousness of the God. It begets compassion and tolerance. Who can entirely condemn when they’re not entirely certain they’re in the right? But the second, Proyas, the second embraces certainty and only pays lip service to the God’s mystery. It begets intolerance, hatred, violence.”
“faith doesn't mean that you don't have doubts  [you] still experience the same greed, resentment, lust, and anger that everyone else experienced  the lines between sinner and saved [are] more fluid; the sins of those who come to church are not so different from the sins of those who don't  You [need] to come to church precisely because you [are] of this world, not apart from it; rich, poor, sinner, saved you [need] to embrace Christ precisely because you had sins to wash away  that religious commitment did not require me to suspend critical thinking, disengage from the battle for economic and social justice, or otherwise retreat from the world ”
“Have faith little one ‘til your hopes and your wishes come true. You must try to be brave.”
“Faith belongs to the human spirit. Faith is faith. Humanity is divided by religion, religion is the divider of humanity. If every human could be removed of their blindfolds and see that faith is in itself faith and that this is something which belongs to each and every human being, then at that time the dividers of religion will suddenly mean nothing and we will all see that we are united by faith in and of itself. There is only one faith and it is called faith. And no man needs to prove to another man that what he believes in exists, because even if it does not exist, his faith is his belief that it is there, that something is there, and that in itself is faith. So I do not need to prove to any man that what I believe in exists or not, there is no such contest between man, my faith breathes in the body of my belief; the fact that I believe is the breath of my faith.”
“A strong, vague persuasion that it was better to go forward than backward, and that I could go forward— that a way, however narrow and difficult, would in time open— predominated over other feelings: its influence hushed them so far, that at last I became sufficiently tranquil to be able to say my prayers and seek my couch. I had just extinguished my candle and lain down, when a deep, low, mighty tone swung through the night. At first I knew it not; but it was uttered twelve times, and at the twelfth colossal hum and trembling knell, I said: “I lie in the shadow of St. Paul’s.”
“Fear is the lack of faith in one's ability to create powerful solutions.”
“Every time we turn to Christ in faith it is like a moment of Sabbath, a little foretaste of eternal rest and glory. The gift of that moment lies not in what we do but what we receive. It is the holy time set aside to receive the greatest gift of God ever has to give, which is himself, in his own beloved Son.”
“No coward soul is mine, No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere: I see heaven's glories shine, And faith shines equal, arming me from fear”
“Os ventos do destino são imutáveis.”
“Oh, sometimes I like to put the sand of doubt into the oyster of my faith." (Br. Cadfael)”
“Many things the gods achieve beyond our judgement,'" said the sorrowful girl. "'What we thought is not confirmed and what we thought not God contives.”
“I still find my corrupt heart longing for tomorrow's bread. I can make a good argument to the Lord about how effective I can be if He would supply me with enough advance funds. It's a little frightening to pray for TODAY's bread. That means I must pray again for tomorrow and believe again for tomorrow. My greedy heart is willing to be corrupted by a little bit of riches so that I see my warehouse full of loaves. I can make a good argument about how God won’t have to be bothered with me every day if He would only advance me about ten years worth of bread.”
“[Faith] was something other than an intellectual exercise. There were no words, no lofty concepts, that could take away the pain. Faith was living with the pain.”
“Eres mío para jugar contigo a mi antojo”
“Solo mirarte me proporciona el placer más intenso que jamás haya sentido.”
“Humility rests upon the shores of your sorrows and blossoms upon the mountain of your faith”
“We all reach a point that is the limit of our understanding. When we stare over the precipice of uncertainty and into the dark unknown that we cannot explain with hard evidence, that is when we trade understanding for belief. At best, we make an educated guess. At worst, we make blind leaps of faith.”
“وانتقل الاسم العجيب في منازل مكّة، اسم جميل حلو، يشبه نغمة حالمة.. كيف ومض هذا الاسم في ذهن سيّد مكّة، ويتساءل بعضهم: ـ وأسماء الآباء.. والأجداد.. لماذا محمّد ؟! تمتم الشيخ: ـ ليكون محموداً في السماء وفي الأرض.”
“(from the short story The Honorary Shepherds) you can't be kicked out of a faith. Faith starts inside your heart and ends up in eternity. All you can be kicked out of is a building, which is the bus stop of faith, sort of, and what's a building?”
“Darkness entered into, darkness realized, is the point of departure for all profound expressions of Christian hope. 'Meaningless darkness' becomes 'revelatory darkness' when it is confronted by the courage of a thoughtfulness and hope that is born of faith's quest for truth.”
“Вера в себя способна творить такие же чудеса, как вера в Господа Бога.”
“These early Saints were indeed homeless, but they were not hopeless. Their hearts were broken, but their spirits were strong. They had learned a profound and important lesson. They had learned that hope, with its attendant blessings of peace and joy, does not depend upon circumstance. They had discovered that the true source of hope is faith—faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and in His infinite Atonement, the one sure foundation upon which to build our lives.”
“Sophie Bach from The Maker: You’re a human being with a personality and a will, and you make choices and think and create. Is there no meaning to you, Adrien Bach? And what about us? Is the way we feel about each other just simulated emotions from some biological process—nothing more?”
“It took more than science to make hope real.”
“No human mind can fully grasp the gift of Christ’s atonement, the vastness and inclusiveness of the act—but in the end, it comes down to just you and Jesus. You’ve come, and He’s met you with open arms—and now it’s just between the two of you.”
“They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.”
“In that moment, I understand the way that the noblest yearning for duty and sacrifice can be mixed up with all that is savage and shameful, like in the Bible, where a just and merciful God tells you to kill everyone, kill the children, kill the livestock, kill John Polling, leave nothing alive to sully this pure and just world. Except when it's all done you find out that wasn't really God after all, just some politician, or maybe it was God, but he taps you on the shoulder and says, 'No, dude, that isn't what I meant,' and leaves you sitting in a Dairy Queen in Bothell with blood on your hands and no further orders ”
“Nou, Stanley Donne legde ons uit dat alle godsdiensten ter wereld, occulte broederschappen, alle mystici en sjamanen, of het nu Rozenkruisers, Ridders van de Ronde Tafel, Egyptische hogepriesters, Tibetaanse boeddhistishce monniken, Zuid-Amerikaanse naguals, Indiase yogi's, Keltische druïden of discipelen van Jezus waren, allemaal hetzelfde doel nastreefden, namelijk om het bewustzijn van het individu dusdanig te vergroten en te verheffen dat hij of zij uiteindelijk tot een kosmisch bewustzijn komt en toetreedt tot hogere dimensies.”
“A life which has never been laid open in penitence and faith before God has little permanence in eternity.”
“Just as He had been doing even before the moment I consciously embarked on this journey, He revealed to me that it was all about love. It always has been—before the foundations of the earth—and it always will be—throughout eternity. The answers I was seeking were found in love, the healing I desperately needed also found in love. The love I sought and so desperately wanted to give was enabled, empowered, and actualized by His divine love. So nothing remains but for me to LOVE as an expression of my appreciation for His love for me: L-live an O-openly V-virtuous E-existence.”
“Be true, unbeliever.”
“Manifest in this trade (commercial sale of indulgences via bankers) at the same time was a pernicious tendency in the Roman Catholic system, for the trade in indulgences was not an excess or an abuse but the direct consequence of the nomistic degradation of the gospel. That the Reformation started with Luther’s protest against this traffic in indulgences proves its religious origin and evangelical character. At issue here was nothing less than the essential character of the gospel, the core of Christianity, the nature of true piety. And Luther was the man who, guided by experience in the life of his own soul, again made people understand the original and true meaning of the gospel of Christ. Like the “righteousness of God,” so the term “penitence” had been for him one of the most bitter words of Holy Scripture. But when from Romans 1:17 he learned to know a “righteousness by faith,” he also learned “the true manner of penitence.” He then understood that the repentance demanded in Matthew 4:17 had nothing to do with the works of satisfaction required in the Roman institution of confession, but consisted in “a change of mind in true interior contrition” and with all its benefits was itself a fruit of grace. In the first seven of his ninety-five theses and further in his sermon on “Indulgences and Grace” (February 1518), the sermon on “Penitence” (March 1518), and the sermon on the “Sacrament of Penance” (1519), he set forth this meaning of repentance or conversion and developed the glorious thought that the most important part of penitence consists not in private confession (which cannot be found in Scripture) nor in satisfaction (for God forgives sins freely) but in true sorrow over sin, in a solemn resolve to bear the cross of Christ, in a new life, and in the word of absolution, that is, the word of the grace of God in Christ. The penitent arrives at forgiveness of sins, not by making amends (satisfaction) and priestly absolution, but by trusting the word of God, by believing in God’s grace. It is not the sacrament but faith that justifies. In that way Luther came to again put sin and grace in the center of the Christian doctrine of salvation. The forgiveness of sins, that is, justification, does not depend on repentance, which always remains incomplete, but rests in God’s promise and becomes ours by faith alone.”
“His spells portrayed the spirit as a frail thing, contstantly under attack and in need of stength, always threatening to die inside you. Inman found this notion dismal indeed, since he had been taught by sermon and hymn to hold as truth that the soul of man never dies.”
“As a general rule, Providence seldom vouchsafes to mortals any more than just that degree of encouragement which suffices to keep them at a reasonably full exertion of their powers.”
“When I think of the Crucifixion, I commit the sin of envy.”
“Fear is the ghost of ancient. It consumes faithless human.”
“In the beginning, the call of God was not propositional. It was experiential. (p. 10)”
“The cure for our modern maladies is dirt under the fingernails and the feel of thick grass between the toes. The cure for our listlessness is to be out within the invigorating wind. The cure for our uselessness is to take back up our stewardship; for it is not that there has been no work to be done, we simply have not been attending to it.”
“What about you, Snipes?" Dunbar asked. "You think there to be mountain lions up here or is it just folks' imaginings?" Snipes pondered the question a few moments before speaking. They's many a man of science would claim there aint because you got no irredeemable evidence like panther scat or fur or tooth or tail. In other words, some part of the animal in questions. Or better yet having the actual critter itself, the whole think kit and caboodle head to tail, which all your men of science argue is the best proof of all a thing exists, whether it be a panther, or a bird, or even a dinosaur." To put it another way, if you was to stub your toe and tell the man of science what happened he'd not believe a word of it less he could see how it'd stoved up or was bleeding. But your philosophers and theologians and such say there’s things in the world that’s every bit as real even though you can’t see them.” Like what?” Dunbar asked. Well,” Snipes said. “They’s love, that’s one. And courage. You can’t see neither of them, but they’re real. And air, of course. That’s one of your most important examples. You wouldn’t be alive a minute if there wasn’t air, but nobody’s ever seen a single speck of it.” … “All I’m saying is there is a lot more to this old world than meets the eye.” … “And darkness. You can’t see it no more than you can see air, but when its all around you sure enough know it.” (Serena, 65-66)”
“Japan likewise put her hopes of victory on a different basis from that prevalent in the United States. ( ) Even when she was winning, her civilian statesmen, her High Command, and her soldiers repeated that this was no contest between armaments; it was pitting of our faith in things against their faith in spirit.”
“And whose rules will choose to you follow? God's? Or man's? You say you want to break the outmoded patterns and crate a new model? Then do it. That is part of your destiny, boy.”
“In this nonfundamentalist understanding of faith, practice is more important than theory, love more important than law, and mystery is seen as an insight into truth rather than an obstacle. It is the great lie of our time that all religious faith has to be fundamentalist to be valid.”
“There we go, that word again: faith. Pajo fuckin loves it. I fuckin hate it. I hate it cos there's no way o trickin yerself into it, no amount o thinkin about it can get yeh there - yeh have it or yeh don't. And I don't.”
“The South African artist William Kentridge speaks to this type of certainty: 'To say that one needs art, or politics, that incorporate ambiguity and contradiction is not to say that one then stops recognizing and condemning things as evil. However, it might stop one being so utterly convinced of the certainty of one's own solutions. There needs to be a strong understanding of fallibility and how the very act of certainty or authoritativeness can bring disasters.' The outcome of the current crisis is already determined.”
“- A sentyment staje się uciążliwy. W końcu jest coś nazbyt fizycznego w próbie zachowania cząstki dzieciństwa na swoim mostku. - Nie pan pierwszy sprowadza wiarę do zmysłu dotyku.”
“Going back to legalistic roots contaminates the blood of Jesus.”
“If our future generations were much wilier than us, then it might be them who have led us all this time, to make decisions which fit to their pre-existence, left us live in the world of uncertainty or by faith.”
“Bí ann nó as táimse ag triall Ort agus má tá cuirim geasa Ort mé a shábháil ón dream a deir gur fear fuar sa spéir Thú.”
“The people who pray together build together a better world”
“This is the one who will find us. He's the one who will lead them all back to me someday. He's the explorer. El curioso.”
“Acuerdate de lo que te digo, mi niño. No tengas miedo. Todo lo que te ha pasado te ayudará. Vas a salir adelante.”
“I believe in study. I believe that men learn much through study. As a matter of fact, it has been my observation that they learn little concerning things as they are, as they were, or as they are to come without study. I also believe, however, and know, that learning by study is greatly accelerated by faith.”
“Religion consists much in holy affection; but those exercises of affection which are most distinguishing of true religion are these practical exercises. Friendship between earthly friends consists much in affection; but those strong exercises of affection that actually carry them through fire and water for each other are the highest evidences of true friendship.”
“You don't need great faith to move mountains, you only need to use the poor faith you say you have.”
“Duty performed gives clearness and firmness to faith, and faith thus strengthened through duty becomes the more assured and satisfying to the soul.”
“Even fear afraid of faith.”
“Faith has size.”
“Religious sentiments are many a times much above reality. All are aware of reality but blinded by faith and faith has always led to many a myths become reality".”
“Faith, he had learned that night in front of the flickering television, was most glorious when it was most untouched by reason.”
“God's will is enforced on the earth when we pray God's Word”
“The Beginning allows us to walk through the fire, but He is forever holding our hand through that fire. It is not by our own strength we persevere, but His.”
“A handful of sand, thrown into the sea, is what sinning is, when compared to God's Providence and mercy. Just like an abundant source of water is not impeded by a handful of dust, so is the Creator's mercy not defeated by the sins of His creations.”
“Because of my insecurities, I tried to fit in with whatever crowd I was with. If they asked me if I believed in Jesus, I might have said yes, but then I’d show up at church on ecstasy or acid. I didn’t have any faith. I didn’t know what a relationship with Jesus looked like. Going to church was just something my parents made me do because they thought it was good for me. I didn’t know what I believed. I just latched onto whatever I could, or more fundamentally, whatever would benefit me.”
“I guess I just took that approval and ran with it. But at some point in this journey, my mother started to rise up in her faith. Maybe it was from those countless nights of worrying where her son was and if he’d be alright, wondering if I’d make it home safely or when I would come back on the radar. And there were the nights she sat up praying for her lost son to come home.”
“My James knew the power of a love story, as well as I do," said Tessa. "No matter how dark and hopeless the world seemed, Lucie could always find beauty in a story.”
“You’ve got a right to be mad, but I want you to know that God was with you through it all, even when you couldn’t see him.”
“Pride is a gateway sin that offers an open doorway for our enemy to drop in and tell us just how great we are, and how we really don't need God.”
“Humility is not thinking less of yourself. Humility is thinking of yourself less. We can be courageous and contrite at the same time.”
“Remember, God isn't looking for perfection. He's looking for humility and honesty about our need for Him--our brokenness. The Bible tells us God is especially attracted to a repentant heart. "My sacrifice, oh God, is a broken spirit. A broken and contrite heart you, God, will not despise." (Psalm 51:17)”
“You will never know all that your life can be until you hand it over to the One who gave you life.”
“As we saw time and time again, Daniel stood his ground; even risking his life to oppose the cultural pressure surrounding him. He didn't argue, defend, explain, or debate. He simply made his boundaries clear with direct, respectful communication. As a result, Daniel shone like a beacon of God's truth for 70 years--valued and esteemed by 4 different Babylonian regimes.”
“When culture shifts--and we know it always will--we should get excited. Because in the midst of those chaotic, unsettling changes, we live on solid ground. In Christ, we have the hope the world needs. And like the prophet Daniel, we are catalysts for redemptive change--people of influence, who know our goal is not to be right, but to be effective.”
“Her grief had felt so heavy and she had wanted to find somewhere to put it, a container big enough and strong enough and old enough to hold it. She'd wanted to share it.”
“To trust immediate intuitions rather than collective examination that is rational, careful and intelligent is not wisdom: it is the presumption of an old man who refuses to believe that the great world outside his village is any different from the one which he has always known.”
“How can I keep faith that things will get better when they only seem to get worse?”
“Math is a form of faith, a faith of its own dynamic and complex language system, and to speak it is to agree to its principles: Input begets output. One becomes the other. One variable is subject to the mechanics of the others. You give what you get. You get what you are prepared to receive”
“The Lord has provided for us all these years, so why would He stop now?”
“He will always provide for His children, but it may not be in the manner we wish.”
“I choose to believe the Bible because it is a reliable collection of historical documents written by eyewitnesses during the lifetime of other eyewitnesses. They report supernatural events that took place in fulfillment of specific prophecies and they claim that their writings are divine rather than human in origin.”
“Just because we can’t completely comprehend it doesn’t mean we cant apprehend it and this is not against reason, it’s just maybe beyond reason.”
“Success may not have been ‘around the corner,’ but the fact that I persisted until I was is success.”
“It is not enough to have faith, the main thing is to never doubt.”
“Belief isn’t simply a thing for fair times and bright days, I think. What is belief—what is faith—if you don’t continue it after failure?”
“Sometimes it feels easier to change our beliefs about God rather than do the emotional, spiritual, and physical work necessary to explore the dissonance.”
“I found it hard to have faith in anything without knowledge of it.”
“I’ve got her, now.” Jesus Christ said with full authority. “And there is nothing you can do about it. You've done enough. You are no longer allowed anywhere near her.” “But, she’s my girl!” I blurt out, trying to own my property. “No.” His words were like fire. “She is MY girl.”
“Through all the changing scenes of life, the Lord still reigns.”
“Every condition is set to bring a change, if only the spirit stays strong by holding fast to firm faith.”
“The contemplative way is, in fact, not a way. Christ alone is the way, and he is invisible. The 'desert' of contemplation is simply a metaphor to explain the state of emptiness which we experience when we have left all ways, forgotten ourselves and taken the invisible Christ as our way.”
“Our situation and circumstances are not always the karma that our enemies and haters would love to think that it is  I am convinced that when you've done nothing wrong; it is the perpetual manifestation of GOD's GLORY and the evidence will be seen in the outcome. Don't let your temporary circumstance and situation prematurely punctuate the end of your story.”
“A person who becomes defensive or angry when asked to strengthen their beliefs by questioning them is someone with an underlying fear that if they questioned their beliefs, they may abandon them. Such people have only superficial faith.”
“We can no longer abdicate the Christian story to hate, violence, and oppression. Those of us who occupy this more loving, just, and extended version of the Christian story must do a better job of claiming, articulating, and speaking the hell up.”
“I soon shall see you again in heaven, where we shall all be happy; and that consoles me, going as I am to suffer ignominy and death.”
“It was a risk, trusting the Beginning. But it was a risk he must take.”
“I think all that life-after-death stuff is stupid; there's no proof " "There's no proof for death after death; it's all circumstantial evidence " "Oh, come on, " he said. "There's scientific proof." "No, there isn't. There's scientific evidence. Scientists can only perceive certain frequencies, even with computers and machines." "You just want to believe in all that stuff," said Randy. "You just want to believe in science. I think that you might as well believe in whatever makes you feel better, since there's no proof, and if you believe in God or the Other Side all your life, you can never be proven wrong." "That's so stupid," said Randy.”
“Why would you do that to him?' I hurl at Xaden, then shake my head. I don't care why. 'Forget it,' I mutter, then march off, heading back toward the spot where Tairn told me to wait. 'Because you put too much faith in him,' Xaden answers anyway, catching up to me without even lengthening his stride. 'And knowing who to trust is the only thing that will keep you alive- keep us alive- not only in the quadrant but after graduation.' 'There is no us,' I say, dodging a racer as she races past. Dragons land left and right, the ground trembling with the force of the riot's movement. I've never seen so many dragons at flight in the same moment. 'Oh, I think you'll find that's no longer the case,'  ”
“One cannot love, an image, a dead likeness, it will never give back, the real you, or let you see, the inside heart. When Angels Speak of LOVE-Poem 25”
“If God built the ship, lifeboats are unnecessary. However, if men built the ship lifeboats are also unnecessary simply because none of them will float any better than the ship.”
“He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery.”
“Faith does play an important role in Buddhism, including in Zen: faith as preliminary trust and ultimately faith as true self-confidence.”
“Have faith in the future. Your future is as bright as your faith.”
“Most of the Times, Life shows us how difficult this journey is, only at Times when the sun clears we see the Sunshine, but the rain often washes away the clouds and both the clouds and the rain dampen our weary hearts, only to let us see a glimpse of a distant rainbow, once in a while. I guess it's always about the Time, the guardian of this Journey that we have to wait and persevere, that we have to remain resilient in the resolve to walk ahead, to find some way to hold on to the voyage, to not let the ship sink in the hollows of a mirage, to just live. And that is what Life is about, perhaps to know that Gloom and Melancholy is a distinct part of our journey, and actually something that occupies the most part of our journey, and it doesn't have to be a deep Grief it can simply be the mundane sorrow of carrying on this existence knowing that Life is just a short frame holding dark colours as much as the bright ones, sometimes even more of those blackness only to bring out the whites a little bit more. And while all of this goes on, somewhere our heart would know that there is One who is beyond this frame of Life and the space of Time and Cosmos; who is always holding your hand giving you the breath to walk ahead. May be He doesn't take away the blackness but throughout stays firm in your path, holding your shadow and your soul ever so gently to make you become the Light that you could only possibly be by embracing all of your Soul's journey. He doesn't perhaps change the potholes in your way, but He does ensure that even when you tumble you don't end up falling and if you do fall, He makes sure that you rise all over again from the flames of Life's fire with the fury of a phoenix. He doesn't end your suffering but lets you see that throughout your pain He is partaking in an even greater portion of it, alongside you. Simple, He doesn't let you see that He is God, because He shares your Life as a companion, walking beside you hand in hand, to make you live all that your soul had contracted before this journey began and even when He is beyond Time, He lets Time be your friend in a journey that is bound in human flesh and guarded by the tick-tock of that guardian. So when I asked my Soul, what is that troubles me the most, I heard my Soul, Smile in a safe knowledge, when I have Him, need I let my troubles concern me? My heart knew, He has already tucked my mind in the tranquil world of Life's paint-brush and a rainbow is just around the corner. A distant yet distinct rainbow. A rainbow that is churned in Love, the love that only He can provide, the Love that is always lurking on the edges of those clouds and rain, in the silhouette of a rainbow forever promised on the other side of a thunderstorm. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“Fearless faith is the force of life.”
“My belief in God was not obtained through some rousing hymns or moving sermon. My faith was burnished hard through pain and trials whose depth was unimaginable and from which recovery seemed impossible. And it was in those most desperate of places that God moved from being a cheerful idea of hymns and sermons to the Master of the unimaginable and the Healer of the impossible.”
“Tell your testimonies.”
“He knew Heaven was at work with this new assignment. Several angels had already gone to the new designated place. Meetings had been made; plans secured. God knew all the connections. The calendar had been marked and the set date to leave was quick to arrive. It appeared this was God’s plan all along.”
“I learned about dogma from experts. I started Catholic school in the first grade and got a heavy dose of it. In fourth grade the nuns used to tell us, 'Some of you will abandon the Church.' I always said, 'No, I never will, not me.' I was fanatically Catholic, praying all the time. My brother was even more fanatical; he used to walk around with pebbles in his shoes.”
“Someone has put a huge sign across the World Financial Center reading WE WILL NEVER FORGET. It ripples gently in the wind above a thrirty-foot-wide American flag. I appreciate this sentiment, and the fact that it has been stated in twenty-foot-tall lettering. But I can't help thinking, we do forget. Ultimately, we find that it is almost always in our interest to do so, for our own benefit as a society.”
“I am vested with the improbable task of attempting to save a world that has no interest in being saved because it has become convinced that what it needs to be saved from is the belief that it needs to be saved.”
“God is a preexistent reality that transcends the world’s authorship, is untouched by the dictates of the world’s interpretations of Him, is invincible in the face of the most ingeniously crafted lies about Him, and exceeds the duration the existence of the world that says He doesn’t exist. And if we dared to hold all of the world’s cherished beliefs against such a penetrating truth, we will find ourselves left with nothing but this truth no matter how many times we bring the beliefs of the world against it.”
“Jesus died the most brutal kind of death ever devised by man, He was buried in a tomb that He didn’t even own because He didn’t plan on living there anyway, and He did what no one in the entire span of human history has ever done…He reversed His own murder.”
“Ministry is about changing the world by transforming the people within it, not by giving them some sort of emotional sedative.”
“To leave someone because their choices demand that we do so is not to give up on them. For even though I may never see them again, dear God you see them every minute of every day. And in the seeing, I ask that You see what I could not, and be what I cannot.”
“If you know how the LORD God has lead you, you are confident of all His precious promises which He fulfills in His perfect time.”
“A man's testimony is great. But God's testimony is the greatest, which is the word of God, the only truth there is.”
“Belief is a powerful lens; it can shape the world world to it.”
“The future belong to those who believe in Christ as their Lord.”
“I go to a rest prepared; my sun has arisen, and by aid from Heaven has given light to many. It is now about to set - no, it is about to rise to the zenith of immortal glory. Many may outlive me on earth, but they cannot outlive me in Heaven. Oh, thought divine! I shall soon be in a world where time, age, pain and sorrow are unknown. My body fails, my spirit expands. How willingly would I live to preach Christ! But I die to be with him!”
“Till religion and oneness become one, no religion can do good.”
“if the creator of the universe is spending all his time watching you, it must surely be because he loves you”
“Throughout the process, you must show gratitude to those who have helped you get to where you are.”
“Choose joy.”
“Two simple words that will take you far in life: thank you. Don’t underestimate their power.”
“If He could weave the tapestry of time, if He could predetermine each person’s path, He could hold her safe and fast in the storm. Tears burned Zinnia’s eyes. In the breaking, in the pain, in the questions, He never left her.”
“My job was simple: have faith through the storm, be determined in my actions, smart in my decisions, trusting of my instinct, and free from worrying about whether I succeeded or failed.”
“God is in control.”
“God is in control.”
“Loveliness unfathomable, as ever lover saw in his young bride's eye!--Tell me not of thy teeth-tiered sharks, and thy kidnapping cannibal ways. Let faith oust fact; let fancy oust memory; I look deep down and do believe.”
“If you want to strengthen your faith, you will need to soften inside. For your faith to be rock solid, your heart needs to be as soft as a feather. Through an illness, accident, loss, or fight, one way or another, we all are faced with incidents that teach us how to become less selfish and judgmental, and more compassionate and generous. Yet some of us learn the lesson and manage to become milder, while some others end up becoming even harsher than before. The only way to get closer to Truth is to expand your heart so that it will encompass all humanity and still have room for more Love.”
“Submission does not mean being weak or passive. It leads to neither fatalism nor capitulation. Just the opposite. True power resides in submission---a power that comes from within. Those who submit to the divine essence of life will live in unperturbed tranquility and peace even when the whole wide world goes through turbulence after turbulence.”
“Faith is faithfulness to a faithful God”
“History is replete with turning points. You must have faith that the universe will unfold as it should - Spock”
“History is replete with turning points. You must have faith that the universe will unfold as it should - Spock - Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country”
“Lord your testimonies are very true.”
“Speak to yourself with clarity, Speak to yourself with confidence, Speak to yourself with faith and all the intelligence.”
“The Lord lends us a body, gives us an assignment, and sends us down. When we get the job done, the Lord calls us home again for the next assignment.”
“You couldn't shake my belief in Jesus any more than you could shake my in my mother or father. Because I have known them. If you told me hadn't had a mother and she was't really good and kind to me, I'd just smile and pity you because you never knew her. But I have, you know. I don't blame you, for you've never known Jesus.”
“A daily remedy is to prevent disease by having the greatness of God in your heart.”
“Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.”
“You are not truly faithful if you don't know what is faith.”
“Pursue virtue to forsake wickedness. Forsake doubts to be firm in faith.”
“How can yo develop faith if you are not asking and receiving?”
“Intolerance is the enemy, not illogicality. Argumentation without empathy is just hate speech. If someone is doing no harm, then who the hell are you to take away their fantasy! On occasion, healthy fantasy does indeed turn into harmful superstition - at that point it is the duty of every conscientious human to stand up to such superstition. Until then, keep your judgment to yourself.”
“Train, train, train, Put yourself to the test. Under sun or rain, With no reason nor rest. Without feeling pain You'll always be the best!”
“Beauty blooms when you are true to who God created you to be.”
“My faith is strong but it's not a playground for you to tap dance on.”
“As we move through the seasons we are in, we move knowing that another is always to follow and the process repeats as we move through the years.”
“The problem is not that we believe in a lot of weird stuff, the problem is that often we end up confusing our belief with reality. Keep your belief if you need, no matter how illogical it is, but always be observant of your belief. Be the believer as well as the observer of the believer. In your mind be a child as well as the guardian of the child. Allow yourself some fantasy if it's not doing any harm, but never let it run amok. Let me put it to you another way - a little bit of fantasy actually enhances your mental faculties. Which means, just like there is such a thing as too much fantasy, there is also such a thing as too much logic. Apply logic where logic is needed, permit fantasy where fantasy does good. Learn to be flexible, learn to be human.”
“In all its manifestations, love is our beginning”
“Still I want to feast in the ritual of living. To feel the day breathe me in until I become weightless. To cling to my faith like dew cleaves to daylight. I want to be charmed by life's hope-to let the heaviness of this world drift as lost ships in undisturbed seas-I want to saunter purposefully, until I find that soft thing that defines me." "The Silence in us”
“When the outcome of our struggles feels disappointing, this can place great strain on our faith. It requires trust in God at the highest level to release our expectations. This aspect of faith is probably one of the hardest for us to fully embrace. We need the discernment of the Holy Spirit to recognize that God’s highest priority is to transform us, not just our circumstances.”
“And yet, and yet; it is a strange dance that the Fool must learn as he encounters the Devil on his path. Like the serpent who offered Eve the fruit of knowledge, or Samuel who seduced Lilith away from paradise, all knowledge comes from darkness, and so we are drawn towards it. But darkness and evil are not the same thing. We go to the darkness willingly, so we can, as Cormac McCarthy wrote, “learn how to carry the fire”, but sojourn too long and we open the door to forces we may not be able to pry ourselves from. Indifference, doubt and scepticism form, as Kelly Braffet describes, the “logic that the Devil likes most”, to trap us into the conviction not just of the absence of evil, but more cynically, the non-existence of virtue. Thomas Aquinas rather beautifully defined sloth as "sorrow about spiritual good", for perhaps it is not that “the greatest trick the devil ever pulled is to convince the world that he doesn’t exist” (Baudelaire), but rather the far superior and more hellish of hoaxes, that God doesn’t either.”
“Light is the in-utterable name of God; the YHWH form. It is the emotional life of a bee and the distance to Icarus, the farthest visible star. It is the finding of compassion amidst tyranny, the networked communication between trees, and the whale song. Light is woven through the gauze of grief and is “the limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns” (John Lennon). It is what Catholic theologians called “the inexpressible, the incomprehensible, the invisible, the ungraspable, the thing we cannot conceive” (John Chrysostom) . “Tell me, if you have understanding. What is the way to the place where the light is distributed?” (Job 38:4) And unable to answer, in dumb obliviousness, instead, we point at the Sun”
“If only I still had faith in words.”
“In the fabric of space and in the nature of matter, as in a great work of art, there is, written small, the artist's signature. Standing over humans, gods, and demons, subsuming Caretakers and Tunnel builders, there is an intelligence that antedates the Universe.”
“Why, if nobody believed anything except what they understood, how limited we'd be!”
“Even if a mirror shatters terribly, it will continue to show reflection through those pieces. It's a gentle reminder that experiences can break your life, but can never change your true purpose.”
“For you cannot trace the guidance of the Spirit of God or diagnose His operations in the secret rooms of the soul: He seems at times to let good go and to bring instead good out of evil, and light into voluntary darkness. . . At the best, therefore, all that is possible is to describe the external features of the country through which the soul has passed - the crossroads, the obstacles, the ravines - and to give some sort of account of the consultations held by the way. Faith, after all, is a divine operation wrought in the dark, even though it may seem to be embodied in intellectual arguments and historical facts; for it is necessary to remember that two equally sincere and intelligent souls may encounter the same external evidences and draw mutually exclusive conclusions from them. The real heart of the matter lies somewhere else. . . . Catechumens, therefore, must remember that while on the one side they must of course clear the ground by the action of the intellect, on the other side it is far more vital that they should pray, purify motives, and yield themselves to God.”
“The folly of fools and look warm will cry out and die to their fate but the wise will pledged a sign of hope instate not all goes wrong needless the past sake”
“Those who are true in HEART are firm in the faith.”
“Theology is my second faith, My first faith is interfaith.”
“Hope hews a bright tomorrow on the surface of a dark, dry rock”
“Live by the power of the Holy Spirit, for the renewal and rebirth of your courage and steadfastness.”
“There is so much freedom, peace, joy, and contentment in ‘being out of control of my life’. I recognized a long time ago that no matter what I thought or did I could not be in control. I have not arrived but I am on my way! I am out of control and loving it!”
“Anxiety is what unbelief feels like.”
“The problems of life are real, not imaginary. Eastern meditation starts with the presupposition that pain in this world is illusory, but the gospel tells us that we don't have to pretend that what hurts does not, or should not. Life does hurt. Yet the gospel doesn't leave us there. Rest with God grows our ability to say, "I know God, and I know he will deliver me." It enables us to face problems with both honesty and hope.”
“Whatever it is that you're thinking about right now that gets you off the hook of taking Jesus' call to rest seriously, it is probably the thing you actually love and worship more than Jesus. We refuse to rest because, at some deep level, we're convinced that if we stop, the thing for which we're really living won't be fed, pleased, or procured. If you're happier at work than in Christ, rest will never feel good. If you're more of a mother to your children than you are a daughter of the King, stopping may feel like sin.”
“মানুষের চেতনার বিশেষ বদল ঘটে নি। মানুষ আজো আদিম। মানুষের চোখে আজো সব কিছুই অলৌকিক রহস্যে পরিপূর্ণ; আকাশে আজো তারা অনন্ত নক্ষত্রপুঞ্জ বা নিরন্তর বিস্ফোরিত গ্যাসকুণ্ডের বদলে দেখতে পায় বিভিন্ন বিধাতা; দেখতে পায় মনোরম স্বর্গ আর ভীতিকর নরক।”
“বিভিন্ন ধর্মে বিধাতাকে পরিণত করা হয়েছে এক ক্রুদ্ধ হিংস্র স্তাবকতাপ্রিয় ভূস্বামীতে। আমরা কি এমন মানুষ কল্পনা করতে পারি, যে পছন্দ করে দিনরাত বন্দনা বা স্তুতি স্তাবকতা? নিরন্তর নিরর্থক স্তাবকতায় যেখানে অন্তঃসারশূন্য মানুষও ক্লান্তি ও ঘেন্না বোধ করবে, সেখানে কী ক'রে তা সহ্য ও উপভোগ করেন বিধাতা? বিশ্বাসীরা বিধাতার ওপর মহত্ত্ব আরোপ করতে গিয়ে, তাঁকে বিশাল ক'রে সৃষ্টি করতে গিয়ে তাঁকে ক'রে তুলেছে নিজেদের মতোই ক্ষুদ্র ও মহত্ত্বহীন। বিধাতা যদি সত্যিই বন্দনা চাইতেন, তাহলে তিনি শুন্য রাখতেন না মহাজগতকে; শুধু একটি ছোটো গ্রহে মানুষ সৃষ্টি করতেন না; মহাজগত ভ'রেই সৃষ্টি করতেন মানুষ, শুনতেন তাদের উচ্চকণ্ঠ বন্দনা। মানুষের বন্দনায় তাঁর কী দরকার? তিনি নক্ষত্রদের দিয়ে বন্দনা করাতে পারতেন, বন্দনা করাতে পারতেন নক্ষত্রপুঞ্জ দিয়ে। মহাজগতে সূর্য এক তুচ্ছ তারা, পৃথিবী এক তুচ্ছ গ্রহয়, মানুষ এক তুচ্ছ প্রাণী। মহাজগতের স্রষ্টা এতো তুচ্ছকে সৃষ্টি করেছেন তাঁর স্তুতির জন্যে? এটা যুক্তিসঙ্গত নয়। বিধাতা কল্পনা করতে গিয়ে মানুষ বিধাতাকে নিজের মতোই তুচ্ছ আর ক্ষুদ্র ক'রে তুলেছে।”
“কিন্তু ধর্মের কাছে মানুষ যা চায় তা কি তারা পায়? যা চায়, মানুষ তা পায় না; যেমন এক সময় পেতো না যাদুর কাছে। যাদু যদি তার কামনা পূরণ করতে পারতো, তাহলে মানুষ যাদুকে ছাড়তো না; ধর্মের কাছে মানুষ যা চায়, তা না পেয়ে মানুষ একদিন ধর্মও ছেড়ে দেবে। মানুষের বিধাতা আসলে সফলতা।”
“No betrayal is so big that God’s commitment to us and presence within us is not bigger.”
“I might have my holes, but the healing of today means that they will be smaller in every tomorrow, including the one that is now only hours away.”
“Stand out like glittering diamond against rough and dark surface.”
“The whole edifice of philosophical conclusions which I had built for myself, I find to have no foundation whatever; nothing of it is left, it has crumbled away like dust. What should we be? What would become of us if we did not believe that there is a God who rules the world and each one of us? [Princess Alice, in the aftermath of the 1873 death of her two-year-old son Friedrich (Frittie)]”
“If God used only perfect men, the Bible would have been a self-titled autobiography called - Jesus - From Death to Life.”
“Not everyone can have my level of adventure.”
“My Christian faith has always put a central role of my life and it’s supplies answers to those questions: “who do you think sent the boat?” Answer: God sent the boat. “ what does he expect me to do now?” Answer: now that I am safely ashore, he expects me to send the boat back for someone else.”
“Why me? Why am I family and not theirs? Our boats were all set adrift exactly the same location; why did the same wind take our boat in one direction and there’s in another? We were blessed – there’s no other way to say it – but why weren’t they? Were we more worthy in someway? Or are we more deserving of rescue? I don’t see how; my family’s entire contribution to our rescue was up to lie there waiting to die. The only answer to the question “why?” is “God only knows.” so rather than philosophize about a question I cannot answer I prefer to ask two other questions that are much more practical. “Who do you think sent that the boat?” And “What does he expect me to do now?” My Christian faith has always played a central role in my life and its supplies answers to those questions: “who do you think sent the boat?” Answer: God sent the boat. “What does he expect me to do now?”Answer: now that I am safely ashore, He expects me to send the boat back for someone else.”
“Our almosts are God's way of letting us know there is something more to our life— and it's about to surpass what you've asked for, even greater than what you've desired before. Have faith.”
“He’d faced down the vilest souls in the world and had fought those who desired his death, but at that moment, the flurry of white feathers and aggravated squawks was the scariest thing he’d ever encountered.”
“We must take advantage of those moments of wonder-- those moments that stir up the creative juices, that foster belief and faith-- to re-imagine what is possible in ourselves, in our lives, in our world. And then we must make use of all that beautiful renewed energy, all that hope and determination-- to move, to effect change.”
“I know everything feels a bit hopeless right now, but don't lose faith. Your greatest achievements often grow out of the worst circumstances.”
“It is important to dream, but then, but then, it is also important to do, to make, to attempt, to fail, to learn, to grow, to create, to devise, to fail again, to learn more, to persist, go on, hold on, keep holding on, against all odds, defying logic, and then, and only then you may just work a vision into being.”
“To be firm in faith, is to have knowledge of the word of God, which comes from the teachings of Christ.”
“Live in Christ and build your life on Him, so that you become stronger in your faith.”
“Does the existence of God matter? Believing is the magic that's changing your inner mind and releasing the present pain to something better. Believing is like medicine for your mind; in a magical way it releases and calms the hell where your body and mind are now, especially when you don't have any other choice.”
“Doubts are hell; believing is foolish but it helps. I am not scared of God. You may say that God is for weak people, so they believe and get stronger. But I want to see you strong enough to love the emptiness, to deal with real darkness face to face and after this, live without God. I think people's minds haven't touched this power or strength without Him yet.”
“In the end, nothing is bad in believing if saves you.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for something or someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“You cannot deny your fate, but being in the power of love, you can save your life. Faith and love alone can bring you out of the darkness. Also, you have nothing in this galaxy but your life and your love for someone. This power is strengthening you to continue the lost path.”
“The Holy Scriptures are facts that gives faith.”
“faith is as necessary as facts.”
“Intellect is not the answer, Belief is not the answer. These only amplify what we really are, Good becomes great, jerk becomes jerker.”
“Are we willing to lay down our lives and pick up His in return? Again, many will emphatically answer yes, all the while a casual look into their lives at the fruit they are manifesting will prove just where their hearts truly lie. Are we willing to be forgotten; rejected; to gladly serve at what society would deem “the bottom”? Or are we set on studying and rehearsing and decreeing the philosophies of man in an attempt to show we know the Word of God? Are we looking to elevate ourselves by being pumped up with “knowledge”? Or is the Word of God enough for us, as it should be anyone who has faith the size of a mustard seed?”
“Many fervor, many faiths, thus the world is made. World without secularism is world of the dead.”
“Everybody has imaginary friends, My imaginary friend is my late teacher, And I find it therapeutic to talk to him, Whenever I hit rock bottom during disaster. Quite like air, water and food, It's something we humans need to survive. Last thing this world needs is more war to prove whose imaginary friend bears the greatest of might.”
“While you're at home in the body, you're away from the Lord. You would rather be away from the body and at home with the Lord.”
“In much of our thinking, singleness, if not downright bad, is certainly not seen as good. One writer has noticed the difference between Christian books on marriage and those on singleness. In the books on marriage, marriage is assumed to be a great thing and all that remains is to understand it better, and perhaps be aware of one or two potential pitfalls that might arise. But books on singleness typically have a different starting point. Singleness is assumed to be pretty much awful. The point of the books is, therefore, to see if we might to eke out something just about tolerable from it. Even the way we describe singleness reflects this. It is almost always defined in the negative, as the absence of something. It is the state of not being married. It is the absence of significant other. This defining by negation reinforces the idea that there is nothing intrinsically good about singleness. It is merely the situation of lacking what is intrinsically good in marriage.”
“Piety in regard to the dead: to do everything for what does not exist.”
“King David in Psalm 37 writes "Take delight in the Giver, and He will give you the desires of your heart," intimating that the secret to finding our way in the world is more about cooperating with God than appeasing God. That the Giver of life is also the Giver of our desires, which means that life has an invitational co-creative nature to it  Why do we always believe that the path of our deepest desire would be so far from the path that God would have us walk? How is the path of desire so different from the path to the Giver of that desire?”
“Even when I can't see the sun, the Son is always in my vision.”
“I am with you. I will carry you, no matter what. Ask Me, and I will move mountains for you. I will fill the empty spaces in your heart. That is My promise to you.”
“It is tempting to idolize certain aspects of education. We value good grades, high test scores, elite college degrees, and lucrative careers. But out obsession keeps us from remembering what education is for. Education is for love”
“Well, you don’t see yourself as a bad cat owner any more. You looked after him as well as he could have been looked after.”
“The Catholic faith gives such hope and solace to its followers as they seek salvation through a litany of shalts and shalt nots, but compassion for our fellows is a quality that requires little knowledge and is, I thin, the true redemption, after all.”
“The Catholic faith gives such hope and solace to its followers as they seek salvation through a litany of shalts and shalt nots, but compassion for our fellows is a quality that requires little knowledge and is, I think, the true redemption, after all.”
“It is okay to not know everything. It is okay to be wrong. We learn, grow, and develop from our mistakes. They become building blocks for success defined by character, humility, honesty, perseverance, integrity, hope, and most of all faith.”
“Marcus murmured Arioch’s name, but a thread of warning laced his tone. “Anthi and Zinnia know what they’re doing.” Zin may, but Anthi? Bossy Brunette looked like she excelled in killing people with death glares. He’d wager the body count was in the double digits. The high double digits. No wonder Holdswell lacked sufficient population to fill the amount of empty buildings he’d seen lining the streets and sprinkling the land.”
“The old religion had nearly ceased to be a faith; at most it was a mere habit of thought and expression”
“The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew, and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country. Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history. We of this Congress and this administration, will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance of insignificance, can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass, will light us down, in honor of dishonor, to the latest generation. We SAY we are for the Union. The world will not forget that we say this. We know how to save the Union. The world knows we do know how to save it. We-even we here- hold the power, and bear the responsibility. In GIVING freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free- honorable alike in what we give, and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope on earth. Other means may succeed; this could not fail. The way is plain, peaceful, generous, just- a way which, if followed, the world will forever applaud, and God must forever bless.”
“Fighting to hold on to what God said to let go of is an outright denial of His omniscience.”
“In this impermanent world, keep immense trust in the divine. Where there is the divine, there is Jaya or victory. There is no second thoughts to this.”
“ the free will defense, put simply, goes like this: "To create creatures capable of moral good, therefore, He must create creatures capable of moral evil; and He can give these creatures the freedom to perform evil and at the same time prevent them from doing so  The fact that free creatures sometimes go wrong, however counts neither against God's omnipotence nor against His goodness; for He could have forestalled the occurrence of moral evil only by removing the possibility of moral good.”
“Faith is the Superpower in Us”
“Fear is being afraid of what could happen and having it prevent you from trying. Faith is knowing that you will come through it no matter what happens because you are confident in yourself.”
“Dear lord My Gawd on my knees I pray may your grace and mercy abound as you rain forever, quench within me oh! my soul and let the flames of high be my guide, the faint star my watch. Reveal to me the decrees of thy hearth and set my coarse fast past the morning dew, sweet flavor riches the choice of a Prince saver's the tongue from bitterness and curses , withstand not the glory of thy hands oh! lord for my tuitions I beseech Remedy the flavor of the wise. Limitless my countless days are numbered in thee oh! lord , count me inn as thy first choice of silver and Precious Mineral, You Rain forever oh! lord in thee I Pray, Amen”
“Prayers for Magnetic Financial Breakthroughs is not a common prayer book, but a framework to help you overcome financial obstacles. This book offers more than just prayers; it provides biblical principles to handle your finances with wisdom, as well as affirmations, inspiration, and prompts to reflect on what actions you can take to manifest the abundance that is your birthright.”
“Aba Father reprepe nua zue ve vefeset revuane vuade ye nua ve zue efeset yese Amen”
“Heavenly Father, you are the whisperer of ideas and instructions. You are the Giver.”
“And there’s humanity in a glimpse—we’ve always got a copper for a stone idol, but none for the beggar in its shadow.”
“Life is a leap in the dark but faith is the light that will see you through.”
“Believe in doing work and have faith that God will bless the work of your hands.”
“Actually, I sometimes think there is something very Jesus-like about Charlie Brown—his heartbreaking patience, his endless suffering. You have to admit the show would have a very different ending if, after he and Linus bought the sad little Christmas tree, the other kids in the Peanuts gang came after them with a hammer and some nails.”
“She was rich; she had the luxury of having faith. But then, Faten thought, Noura also had the luxury of having no faith; she'd probably found the hijab too constraining and ended up taking it off to show off her designer clothes. That was the thing with money. It gave you choices.”
“You are not to die for Christ. It's Christ to die for you. Jesus Christ died, so that you may live.”
“My love. We’re all dead. All our days are numbered. That’s the beauty of what Christ did for us—dying so that we could finally taste real life. Pouring Himself out so that we could be filled.”
“If Jesus you met want you to die for him, that not Jesus Christ. It's another different Jesus.”
“Faith overcomes feelings.”
“Faith conquers fears.”
“A man conquers his fears by growing in faith.”
“Coincidence or a trick of fate (Amalfitano remembered a time when he believed that nothing happened by chance, everything happened for some reason, but when was that time? he couldn't remember, all he could remember was that at some point this was what he believed), something that must hold some meaning, some larger truth, a sign of the terrible state of grace in which Padilla found himself, an emergency exit overlooked until now, or a message intended specifically for Amalfitano, a message perhaps signaling that he should have faith, that things that seemed to have come to a halt were still in motion, things that seemed like ruined statues were mending themselves and recovering.”
“There is no Divine Helper like heavenly Father.”
“Without a belief in God and the soul, where is the oath? Without the oath, where is the obligation or the pressure to fulfill it? Where is the law that even kings must obey? Where is the Magna Carta, Habeas Corpus, or The bill of Rights? (All of which arose out of attempts to rule by lawless tyranny.) Where is the lifelong fidelity of husband and wife? Where is the safety of the innocent child growing in the womb? Where, in the end, is the safety for any of us from those currently bigger and stronger than we are? And how striking it is that such oaths we use to make us better, not worse.”
“You died through Adam, and by the grace of God in the death of Christ, life reigns in you.”
“Strategy and physics are in every aspect of life. Think before you act. - Terri Clifton”
“No matter what the world is doing or what your friends find popular or what your family thinks, God wants to be the sole authority who passes along a standard of how we are to live our lives. It is always best to stop and listen to what God has to say. His ways are always perfect and wonderful.”
“Saints will never be happy in sin.”
“The Mountain Top There have been times I’ve reach the mountain top the view reminds me of failures I’ve gone through although beautiful and calm, stealing my breath I tumbled down only to start all over again. God, why do you bring me so far only to let me fall? this question haunts me with another lonely climb whispering God’s name every few feet He’s coming with me, the climbs not only mine. Reaching the top catching my breath the view was the same, a site to behold but a voice right behind me was clear your failures are gone lock them away remember, I am right here.”
“The most interesting journey, conversations, and life, always end prematurely.”
“Socrates said that the unexamined life is not worth living. I think it applies to faith as well. The unexamined faith is not worth believing.”
“The more you ask for," she'd say, "the better. Because it means you put your fait in something greater than yourself.”
“The more you ask for," she'd say, "the better. Because it means you put your faith in something greater than yourself.”
“I learned with time that happiness is really important, and we must cherish those who make us smile. They rekindle our emotions and make us alive.”
“I know no border beyond God.”
“One has to be very careful lest the desire to patronise and the itch to be a busybody should disguise itself as a vocation to help the "fallen", or tend to obscure our knowledge that we are fallen - perhaps in God's eyes far more so - ourselves.”
“TIME: The Long Journey It occurred to me that a life well lived takes courage to tell  When one sees beyond knowing there is no beginning and no end, only an undeniable presence of something greater than self. We understand the greater self is God. Sometimes, I feel, God presents us with sorrow to show us there is hope for tomorrow. When you touch another soul all souls unite and live as one spirit alive in the universe. God blesses us in unseen ways daily. The time we share is our history. Your endearing journey touches lives needing the love only you can give. ___Cecilia Kaelin”
“God is our helper, our firm foundation  he is there when we need him”
“But most of all, I wanted to tell him that I would stay, because I had nowhere else to be, no other thing or person in this world to cling to, and no other answers but what he might give me.”
“Cellular lines, we don’t see them. But they’re still there and connect all of us together. God is just like that. Just because we don’t see, doesn’t mean God doesn’t exist.” “Cellular lines are man-made. Then is God too?”
“Faith in God gives victory over fear.”
“When people tell me they don't believe in God, I usually ask, "What God don't you believe in?" They invariably go on to describe a God who is judgmental, vengeful, overbearing, unloving, or whimsical. "Oh, I don't believe in that God, either," I say.”
“One way to express Francis's approach is to say that his life was focused on orthopraxy (right action) over orthodoxy (right belief) . The Gospel was not something to believe as much it was a vocation to a changed life.”
“If you fail, it’s fine. Sow another idea or refine the same one; irrigate it with perseverance and cultivate it with the manure of faith. The harvest would be the fruit of success.”
“When the wind is against you, be like a kite; have your chord of faith rooted and you would fly higher than ever.”
“Success is like an umbrella. It has wires of faith holding it together. It has no meaning if there is no rain.”
“God appears even for those who don't believe in him when they rub shoulders with death.”
“Trust becomes heavier than hatred when broken.”
“Faith is more than the courage to face tomorrow or stepping into the unknown, but assurance of the divine assisting hand during the darkest hours of life”
“Faith is more than a strong belief in a positive outcome but the resolution of the heart to trust God in an impossible situation”
“We can't have faith in faith itself, but to whom it is placed, where merits are drawn to authenticate it is genuine and qualifies its efficacy”
“The same faith used to obtain the positive results hoped for, is used to keep away the negative things we dread and disapprove.”
“You can not use faith to obtain and then apply fear and worry to sustain. Whatever faith has acquired demands the same to keep and sustain”
“Faith is used to both obtain and abstain”
“Faith is never blind, uncalculated, or random, but it is directional, counting the cost, fully aware of the risk involved, and yet determined to achieve the desired goal.”
“Good things happen to good people; have faith.”
“Faith without action is delusion. Faith without personal responsibility is escapism. Faith without suffering is meaningless. Faith looks at a challenge, looks at the facts, then looks inside and follows divine energy. Faith pushes through darkness and turns our emotionally charged ideas into reality. Faith plus action enacts Providence.”
“The person of faith looks up to God, not at him or down on him. The servant assumes a certain posture, a stance. If he or she fails to take that posture, attentive responsiveness to the master's commands will be hard.”
“The fortitude of life is faith in God.”
“I'll put my faith into nutrition!”
“ the free will defense, put simply, goes like this: "To create creatures capable of moral good, therefore, He must create creatures capable of moral evil; and He can't give these creatures the freedom to perform evil and at the same time prevent them from doing so  The fact that free creatures sometimes go wrong, however, counts neither against God's omnipotence nor against His goodness; for her could have forestalled the occurrence of moral evil only by removing the possibility of moral good." (Alvin Plantiga)”
“Say a child’s prayer if you can’t say a man’s.”
“A donkey stuck in mud is logic's fate Love's nature only love can demonstrate”
“We saw that the period of the Middle Ages was dominated by Scholasticism, that is, the reason which becomes autonomous, reason which is placed above faith. And this reason, as Kireyevsky very well saw, in the nineteenth century when he was criticizing the West from the Orthodox point of view, very quickly turned against Christianity. First it was supposed to be the handmaiden of faith and serve Christianity and prove all the dogmas of faith and prove a great many other things also based upon authority, the authority both of Scripture, of some early Fathers, mostly Augustine, and Aristotle, since it was believed that Aristotle had the true view of nature. But in the age of the Renaissance, this reason turned against religion. Because if it’s [reason is] autonomous, it’s able to develop its own principles; there’s no reason why it should be bound to the religious content. And also we saw in the Middle Ages that the great movements — Francis and Joachim — were very monastically, ascetically oriented. But in the Renaissance, there was a complete reaction against that. And again, this simple matter of the context in which the new ideas arose changed; and therefore no longer were people interested in either monasticism or having reason serve theology. And so we find in this period that the idea of monasticism and asceticism is treated extremely negatively, because the interest in the world has now been awakened.”
“People are always talking about being true to yourself. Well, what about being true to your faith? Is it just reserved for some belief systems and not for others? Am I supposed to conform to how other people want me to think because it makes them feel comfortable? I think not.”
“The idea that people of faith cling to God to avoid science has been replaced with the idea that atheists cling to their invented God-of-the-gaps idea to avoid the real God who created the universe that science is discovering, and whose existence is increasingly undeniable because of those very discoveries.”
“A donkey stuck in mud is logic's fate Love's nature only love can demonstrate”
“Belonging should be abundant, available to all, so all may flourish and be whole.”
“True belonging and wholeness are found in how we relate to one another and our neighbor in love.”
“Faith is a simple thing - why do we complicate it so! When it is dark, hold on to the light within. That's faith! When things get tough, muster the force of perseverance within. That's faith! It's never about division, yet that's what we've made faith all about. What a pity!”
“Religion and religious harmony should be one and the same - yet they are not. Why? Because we don't have religion, what we have is counterfeit religion - counterfeits in different forms - forms that refuse to even acknowledge the possibility, that they are all but mere microscopic reflections of something that can't even be put in forms - that can't be organized.”
“Many times we miss God's blessings because, they are not packaged as we expect.”
“It is true that when we, as Christians, speak to our brothers we often seem to be faced with a blank wall of unwillingness even to listen; and, being human, we may be made somewhat "desperate" by this lack of response. But what can be done about this? Shall we give up speaking about what our contemporaries do not want to hear, and join them in the pursuit of social goals which, since they are not specifically Christian, can be sought by non-Christians too? That seems to me an abdication of our responsibility as Christians. I think the central need of our time is not in the least different from what it has always been since Christ came; it lies, not in the area of " political commitments" and "social responsibilities," but precisely in "prayer and penance" and fasting and preaching of the true Kingdom. The only "social responsibility" of a Christian is to live, wherever and with whomever he may be, the life of faith, for his own salvation and as an example to others. If, in so doing, we help to ameliorate or abolish a social evil, that is a good thing but that is not our goal. If we become desperate when our life and our words fail to convert others to the true Kingdom, that comes from lack of faith. If we would live our faith more deeply, we would need to speak of it less.”
“An age of "peace" may come to weary, yet apocalyptically anxious, man; but what can the Christian say of such "peace?" It will not be the Peace of Christ; it is but fantasy to imagine a sudden, universal conversion of men to full Christian faith, and without such faith His Peace cannot come. And any human "peace" will only be the prelude to the outburst of the only and real “war” of our age, the war of Christ against all the powers of Satan, the war of Christians who look only for the Kingdom not of 16 this world, against all those, pagan or pseudo-Christian, who look only for a worldly Kingdom, a Kingdom of Man.”
“One day everyone will die, and so the message of the cross will make perfect sense.”
“Glaube, Hoffnung, Liebe, diese drei, wie es so schön im Korinther dreizehn heißt. Aber die Hoffnung ist die zäheste unter ihnen, das steht bei mir, dem Juden Gulliver, mit roten Mahlen in mein Fleisch gezeichnet.”
“I want to have a faith God can move through.”
“We must make our peace with mystery or else we might go mad. For me, faith is complicated, challenging and sometimes confounding. It is not magical but mysterious. Magic means there is a spell, a formula, to work wonders. Mystery means there is no spell, no formula—only shadow and impenetrability and hope that, in a phrase T.S. Eliot borrowed from Julian of Norwich, all shall be well, and all manner of thing shall be well.”
“Religion is sacred,an unofficial instruments for interpreting the will of the gods and measuring the doings of men”
“Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop.”
“I am spiritual. There is something out there that is bigger than all of us.”
“Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart ”
“Faith can move mountains but love can move people to do greater things.”
“At the center of the Christian story there is, in fact, a startling conspiracy. It is a tale about a Secret Rescue Mission, more daring than any fiction writer could imagine. It involves a vast web of co-conspirators, operating in exotic capitals as well as desert hideouts. There are spies, plots, oaths, betrayals, and assassinations. There are heroes and villains, narrow escapes, and heartbreaking failures. Through it all is an urgent and transcendent message: God has worked behind the scenes of history, deep within culture and society—incognito—to reclaim the human race from a desperate tragedy of its own making.”
“What unites all the books that make up the Scripture—what binds the Old and New Testaments together—is a singular, coherent story. It is the story of how a world of breathtaking beauty fell into ruin because of human selfishness. But God, because of his unshakable love, prepared the world for his arrival in disguise, the arrival of a Rescuer. This is the secret the stranger on the road to Emmaus reveals to our two companions: the Rescuer has arrived. His name is Jesus of Nazareth, the same figure referred to in the Hebrew Bible as "the hope of all the ends of the earth." … As we shall see, the Christian story is indeed a conspiracy story—a divine conspiracy—and there is no one who is not implicated in its plot.”
“Keeping faith is like a fire that forever warms the heart.”
“We blindly demand that something be true despite the obvious errancy of whatever self-serving belief we have happened to concoct this time. And when it finally fails us in the manner that it was doomed to do so, we outright deny the failure by blaming it on those who predicted the failure. Yet, until we accept the fact that a ‘prediction’ based in the truth that we deny is not a ‘cause’ doomed by the errancy we perpetrated, we will continue to fail.”
“Christ is not there to condemn you, but He is there to love you. He took the punishment upon Himself, so that you could receive His love.”
“Unhappy Aristotle! Who invented for these men dialectics, the art of building up and pulling down; an art so evasive in its propositions, so far-fetched in its conjectures, so harsh, in its arguments, so productive of contentions — embarrassing even to itself, retracting everything, and really treating of nothing! Whence spring those fables and endless genealogies , and unprofitable questions , and words which spread like a cancer? From all these, when the apostle would restrain us, he expressly names philosophy as that which he would have us be on our guard against. Writing to the Colossians, he says, See that no one beguile you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, and contrary to the wisdom of the Holy Ghost. He had been at Athens, and had in his interviews (with its philosophers) become acquainted with that human wisdom which pretends to know the truth, while it only corrupts it, and is itself divided into its own manifold heresies, by the variety of its mutually repugnant sects. What indeed has Athens to do with Jerusalem? What concord is there between the Academy and the Church? What between heretics and Christians? Our instruction comes from the porch of Solomon, who had himself taught that the Lord should be sought in simplicity of heart. Away with all attempts to produce a mottled Christianity of Stoic, Platonic, and dialectic composition! We want no curious disputation after possessing Christ Jesus, no inquisition after enjoying the gospel! With our faith, we desire no further belief. For this is our palmary faith, that there is nothing which we ought to believe besides.”
“The fragrance of love depends on the flower of faith. The flower of faith itself perfumes love from time to time, and if the flower of faith withers, the fragrance of love disappears.”
“[These are] the rewards of reading the Old Testament regularly. You keep on discovering more and more what a tissue of quotations from it the New Testament is; how constantly Our Lord repeated, reinforced, continued, refined, and sublimated, the Judaic ethics, how very seldom He introduced a novelty.”
“Some things only become possible once you truly believe they can. Some things only become visible once you truly believe they are. Some things only come to pass once you truly believe they will.”
“If faith without works is dead, then in the same vein, compassion without action is dead, and concern without voice is also dead.”
“The enemy hisses imposter and fraud, but I beg you to listen to the louder voice who calls you by a different name.”
“If man were forced to prove to himself all the truths he makes use of every day, he would never finish; he would exhaust himself in preliminary demonstrations without advancing; as he does not have the time because of the short span of life, nor the ability because of the limits of his mind, to act that way, he is reduced to accepting as given a host of facts and opinions that he has neither the leisure nor the power to examine and verify by himself, but that the more able have found or the crowd adopts. It is on this first foundation that he himself builds the edifice of his own thoughts. It is not his will that brings him to proceed in this manner; the inflexible law of his condition constrains him to do it. There is no philosopher in the world so great that he does not believe a million things on faith in others or does not suppose many more truths than he establishes. This is not only necessary, but desirable. A man who would undertake to examine everything by himself could accord but little time and attention to each thing; this work would keep his mind in a perpetual agitation that would prevent him from penetrating any truth deeply and from settling solidly on any certitude. His intellect would be at the same time independent and feeble. It is therefore necessary that he make a choice among the various objects of human opinions and that he adopt many beliefs without discussing them in order better to fathom a few he has reserved for examination. It is true that every man who receives an opinion on the word of another puts his mind in slavery; but it is a salutary servitude that permits him to make good use of his freedom. It is therefore always necessary, however it happens, that we encounter authority somewhere in the intellectual and moral world. Its place is variable, but it necessarily has a place. Individual independence can be more or less great; it cannot be boundless. Thus, the question is not that of knowing whether an intellectual authority exists in democratic centuries, but only where it is deposited and what its extent will be.”
“Is not Hope the other name of Expectation? Perhaps the only difference is that it is not the Expectation from something or someone but from the One who makes Everything and Everyone. And that, that very difference makes all the Difference in the World.”
“The professor can be a touch off-putting, I know,” Baron said. He took one of Collingswood’s cigarettes. “The way he was talking,” Billy said. “About the squid people. It was like he was one of them.” “You’ve put your finger on it,” Baron said. “It is just like he’s one of them. He has a little revelation.” “Takes one to know one,” said Collingswood. “Oh yeah.” “What?” said Billy. “He was one of…?” “Man of faith,” Baron said. “Grew up one of your ultra-born-agains. Creationist, literalist. His dad was an elder. He was in it for years. Lost his faith but not his interest, lucky for us, and not his nous, neither. Every group we look at, he gets it like a convert”-Baron thumped his chest-“because for a moment or two he is.” “It’s more than that,” Collingswood said. “He don’t just get it,” she said. She grinned smoke at Billy. She put her hand to her lips, as if she were whispering, though she was not. “He misses it. He’s miserable. He didn’t used to have to put up with none of this random reality cack. He’s pissed off with the world for being all godless and pointless, get me? He’d go back to his old faith tomorrow if he could. But he’s too smart now.” “That’s his cross to bear,” said Baron. “Boom-boom! I thank you.” “He knows religion is bollocks,” Collingswood said. “He just wishes he didn’t. That’s why he understands the nutters. That’s why he hunts them. He misses pure faith. He’s jealous.”
“நான் பட்டணம் தான். எனக்கு என் பட்டணம் சந்தேகப்படத்தான் சொல்லி கொடுத்திருக்கு. நம்பிக்கை வைக்கச் சொல்லியே தரலை.”
“कहते हैं कि तुम हो. कौन जाने. कभी पार्थ मान लो और सही राह, सही दिशा दिखा दो तो जानें. कभी सुदामा मान लो और सारी मुश्किलें बाँट लो तो जानें. कभी रुक्मणी मान लो और इंद्रलोक का पारिजात ला दो तो जानें. कभी यशोदा मान लो और मुख में अपने ब्रह्मांड दिखा दो तो जानें. कहते हैं कि तुम हो. कौन जाने. आह्वान फिर भी तुम्हारा ही है. ध्यान फिर भी तुम्हारा ही है. मीरा की सी कृष्णमय ज़िन्दगी  !!!”
“This week God clearly told me to get out of my boxes. And I rather quickly discovered that trading my current box for a bigger one was not what He meant.”
“Hope rests in the immovable reality that it is impervious to everything that would say it’s not. And despite how desperate our moment might be, herein lays our immovably impervious rest.”
“In the living, breathing cosmos, there is a mysterious something, too wonderful, too awful for any mind to understand. The believing man does not claim to understand. He falls to his knees and whispers, "God.”
“Their religion was never something they talked about, aside from offering a brief grace at big meals. They simply tried to abide by the Ten Commandments as best they could, with occasional lapses of racism and prejudice and fractured promises of fidelity.”
“Since I was a young boy the thrust of my prayers--at least when I was trying to make a good impression on God--has always been that I not fail to use fully and effectively the one life I have on earth. I have always enjoyed difficult challenges. At the same time I have faced the realization that it is not easy to take a chance or confront the prospect of failure and embarrassment. But my feeling is that if we refuse to try something that might fail, we lack faith either in ourselves or in our causes and goals.”
“ a faith built upon our skills, gifts, charisma, or good deeds for God is a house of cards.”
“God's love for us is not his transaction for our perfect actions. His love is the gift, our faith is the response.”
“ faith is progressive; it's fluid and it moves. It grows and shrinks and billows and bellows and believes and sometimes doubts. It is in motion. It is moving. It is acting even if we are standing still.”
“Pray to God, to open the door and then, push the door with all your might.”
“Faith is the fear of God. The fear of God is to shun evil.”
“Faith gives victory over fear.”
“The strength of faith is inner serenity.”
“One of the best things you can do for yourself is to put God first.”
“If it was me that was struggling, I wouldn't want people harping at me all the live-long day about how I need to change. I'd need time to think, sort things out, and come to terms with life. But before that can happen," he paused, giving her a tender smile. "I'd just want the comfort of knowing that I wasn't alone and had a friend who would sit by me, even when I'm falling apart.”
“If He's so fired up for my attention, He has it. What does He want?" Jack stared back at her, gaze steady and calm. "He wants you.”
“The world is charged with the grandeur of God. It will flame out, like shining from shook foil; It gathers to a greatness, like the ooze of oil Crushed. Why do men then now not reck his rod? Generations have trod, have trod, have trod; And all is seared with trade; bleared, smeared with toil; And wears man's smudge and shares man's smell: the soil Is bare now, nor can foot feel, being shod. And for all this, nature is never spent; There lives the dearest freshness deep down things; And though the last lights off the black West went Oh, morning, at the brown brink eastward, springs — Because the Holy Ghost over the bent World broods with warm breast and with ah! bright wings.”
“Why is choosing Folly to Understand cries the Boy", Its an old's Man's Gigs said the older Brother".”
“Faith is not a feeling but a force.”
“Logic doesn't make you a good person, love does. Belief doesn't make you a good person, behavior does.”
“There are no experts who hold all of the answers. But there is a conductor named Jesus and a global symphony of people of every age and life stage tuning up their instruments. If you stop right now, you can hear it. All it takes are kids willing to stop talking and listen.”
“For all of those lamenting how bad the world is getting, may I suggest to you that our greatest hindrance to revival isn’t all of the sin they’ve been holding, but the love that we’ve been hoarding?”
“Stand firm for Christ your saviour. He once stood firm for you, and stands still and still shall He stand for all eternity.”
“You have permission to pursue your creative gifts as a testament to who God created you to be. You have permission to make beautiful things in a broken world as a testament to God's grace mightily at work in you.”
“You desperately want all the right tools because you want to mother 'the right way'. But motherhood is messy, and raw, and nuanced, and requires things a baby registry could never provide: surrender, and trust, and dependence on the Lord Almighty to fuel you with grace, with perseverance, with steadfast love, with sacrificial willingness to get up the next morning with your eyes half shut and do it all over again. That is what you need to mother.”
“I have faith in my internal goodness, when my inner self is ready to give something up, my self will make it so.”
“They can question your faith; but never your belief.”
“I have never lost a minute praying. For the minutes given over to prayer always create hours given over to my life.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“To navigate our unique faith journey with Jesus without denigrating its mystery, we must actively surrender and accept being sustained by the gift of his presence and the faithfulness of his promises.”
“Trust opens opportunities, but it is easy to destroy and hard to gain. Building trust is challenging, but on many levels, it can make a huge difference in life.”
“The liturgical year roots our faith. It grounds the invisible, animating our lives in the visible, tactile world. It is elemental. It drapes flesh on the skeletons of our too-ghostly religiosity. It connects heaven with earth, divine with human. It allows us to access the mysteries of our faith. In its feasts and fasts we taste and see God.”
“Abraham believed. He did not believe that some day he would be blessed in the beyond, but that he would be happy here in the world.”
“You are a lost soul, there is no hope for you. Keep practicing your faith, until you learn to believe…”
“Doubts run dry. When faith starts coursing.”
“The finest of all things is faith in a faithful God.”
“Dear God, help me not to pray in order to get something. Help me to pray in order to do something.”
“The enormity of the decision to either embrace God wholly and with unbridled abandon, or to reject Him with unrestrained ignorance singularly stands as the one decision that we will make ‘in’ this life that will determine every other decision that we will make ‘for’ this life. Therefore, in making this single decision we will have instantly made a million others.”
“Many people worship money like it’s their God. It’s not! If they worship God like they do money, they would find more happiness and joy in their life then they could possibly imagine. There's a constant blue sky feeling, waiting, something money can't buy. Amen.”
“I think in heaven, the greatest heroes will be those we never knew existed during our time on earth. The quite parents who gave everything for their children. The unknown martyrs who gave their lives to Jesus. The faithful men and women who gave up reputations, raises, fame and glory to follow the narrow way.”
“Faith is the fire in the soul that burns to give warmth of light to the spirit.”
“In May 1903, Bamba’s insistence on God as his sole master prompted the authorities to post the following “urgent” telegram: “Urgent. Marabout Ahmadou Bamba is making it known that he recognizes no other master but God, and refuses to be summoned for an interview … situation particularly serious.”
“What You are calling me to do, I can't do it on my own, but I know enough about You to know that You will help me," I said to God, my new friend. I didn't know that the confession of my inability to please Him and the shifting of my back away from the sins I'd previously embraced was repentance. Nor did I recognize that my resolve to believe that He could be to me what no one else could, was faith. But it was. Without asking me my permission, a good God had come to my rescue.”
“Brokenness wasn’t our beginning. We began as breath bound to the heartbeat of God. We were not damned from the beginning. Darkness was. We were not bad and broken from the beginning. We were believed in from the beginning.”
“You are not just a body of bones and blood and breath, you are a heart bending to hear, you are a soul straining to see something beautiful in the midst of all that breaks.”
“Art, not as a way of claiming that we are right about anything, but art as a way of climbing back toward the light. Yes, art as a way of pushing back the darkness within ourselves, within our world.”
“Some people are determined to misunderstand you. Let them. Because once God reveals the Truth, it’s going to be SO Sweet for You.. and most likely very sour for them..”
“Facing death, I saw faith and religion as feeble and childish - almost a kind of entertainment for the healthy and the fortunate - a soul-consuming condition when facing the horrifying reality of death.”
“Interfaith dialogue doesn't mean, 'come, let me tell you something about my faith.' Interfaith dialogue means, 'come, tell me something about your faith - I want to learn - I want to grow'.”
“Life without faith is like a world without love and will end in motion without meaning.”
“Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished. (Isaiah 51:6)”
“When innocence has its eyes gouged out, a Christian must lose his faith or accept the gouging out of eyes.”
“The transformation of charity into legal entitlement has produced donors without love and recipients without gratitude.”
“It was sharpest of all for Protestants who did not belong to tightly organised and disciplined churches, in which there was either formal confession of sins (as in many Lutheran churches) or systematic oversight of the moral status of church members (as in many Calvinist churches). Those systems did not solve the problem of belief logically, but they did solve it emotionally, since anxious Christians could outsource their concern about themselves to the ministers who policed them. It was a kind of fideism: you cannot be certain of your own beliefs, but you can place your trust in your community instead.”
“Step forward in faith, rather living in pray & hope.”
“Not every ceremony has to be a giant festival.”
“The magic of trees lives within us but cannot flourish without proper nourishment.”
“no matter what happens, growth and survival are possible under any circumstance”
“In faith and spirituality, one can lose their footing. That’s why grounding is so important.”
“The trees that surround my home are trusted friends.”
“Among the trees, I have come to find that there is no age limit to exploration. There is no end to learning.”
“My children are my great work.”
“Growing a healthy baby takes patience. It also requires faith and love.”
“The trees remain friendly regardless of where I go or who I meet.”
“Crafting a song is a spell in itself.”
“When giving in to the harmonies of tree music, I find small animals drawn to my outdoor practices and feel myself more highly linked to them and the land.”
“The greatest miracle of faith is having faith when there is no miracle.”
“Life's struggles may break our spirit, but it is the power of love and unwavering faith that mends it and makes it stronger.”
“The ritual of life changes with us. As we grow, so too do our practices.”
“Age is a gift that reveals our true beauty. It allows us to become the teachers we love, to mold young minds, and step into the future with light and laughter.”
“No matter how closed-off the world became, the sky was still blue, and the trees continued to paint it with emerald and gold leaves.”
“I want everyone to know that nothing can prevent them from growing and maturing as needed.”
“When you feel stunted, look to the trees.”
“Go and grow with love.”
“Faith enduring, life enduring.”
“…Trebuie să te liniștești. Nu mai lua peste măsură asupra ta grijile lumii acesteia, ci păzește-ți pacea și viețuiește cu Dumnezeu. Să le lăsăm pe toate în grija Domnului.”
“The Koran is the holy book about whose compositional process we know most. There were at least two mediations between the whole and the book: Mohammed listened to the word of Allah and dictated, in his turn, to his scribes. Once—the biographers of the Prophet tell us—while dictating to the scribe Abdullah, Mohammed left a sentence half finished. The scribe, instinctively, suggested the conclusion. Absently, the Prophet accepted as the divine word what Abdullah had said. This scandalized the scribe, who abandoned the Prophet and lost his faith. He was wrong. The organization of the sentence, finally, was a responsibility that lay with him; he was the one who had to deal with the internal coherence of the written language, with grammar and syntax, to channel into it the fluidity of a thought that expands outside all language before it becomes word, and of a word particularly fluid like that of a prophet. The scribe’s collaboration was necessary to Allah, once he had decided to express himself in a written text. Mohammed knew this and allowed the scribe the privilege of concluding sentences; but Abdullah was unaware of the powers vested in him. He lost his faith in Allah because he lacked faith in writing, and in himself as an agent of writing.”
“Whatever happens. But don't lose your faith. When we lose our faith, we are going to lose a lot. Always remember great power is within you.”
“If we intend to purely think our way to God, the more likely result is crippling skepticism. As Kierkegaard pointed out, “When thinking turns toward itself in order to think about itself, there emerges, as we know, a skepticism.” If we privilege the head over the heart in all matters of inquiry, we may very well cut ourselves off from that which is intellectually unknowable. The rational mind is capable of amazing accomplishments, but it is not an organ suitable for experiencing God.”
“We get to grab the pen and write the next line. We aren’t starting a whole new book; we are just writing a new chapter. The last chapter of our life ended with the loss—the divorce, the death of a dream, the career collapse, whatever it may be. Even though it ended, this is where the story gets good. We get to decide what happens next. If we are still alive, we get to dream! You haven’t lost it all. You are still here! This isn’t the end of your story; it’s the start of a new chapter, and you, my friend, are holding the pen. What do you want your story to be?”
“And so I discovered that it is not on our forgiveness any more than on our goodness that the world's healing hinges, but on His (Jesus). When He tells us to love our enemies, He gives, along with the command, the love itself.”
“My friend, if you are weak—worn out from work, worn down by criticism, weary of constant demands or disappointments—if you have come to the end of yourself, if you've been emptied of your delusions of strength, you're just at the right place to be filled with the goodness of God. You're finally fillable. You're fully dependent.”
“If God gave you everything that you wanted, you would have nothing that you need. And in that case, you would end up with neither.”
“Mai sunt încă între tineri și elemente mai slabe și uneori se mai petrec și lucruri firești, lumești și chiar neplăcute. Dar niciodată să nu scăpăm din vedere stăruința repetată spre bilanțul intim și personal al fiecăruia, în lumina lui Dumnezeu și a genericului propus: cât am reușit să fim, nu cât am reușit să facem. Căci tot ce facem înainte de a fi este o amăgire și o deșertăciune. Nimeni nu poate să facă ceva de valoare și de durată dacă mai întâi nu și a dat silința să se transforme pe sine însuși sufletește într-o valoare de durată.”
“You and your brave Soul were never meant to follow anyone else’s path. Each step you take in rebellious faith is grounded in the stubborn integrity of your authentic being.”
“Plans were in place. The team ready to move. Righteousness would hold evil accountable.”
“The gods like to laugh.”
“The gods have followed me wherever I go.”
“Collective belief shapes the world, so everything is a little bit true, or has the potential to be true.”
“Perception is truth.”
“Did our feelings and reason always coincide, our passage through this world could not justly be termed a warfare, and faith would no longer be a virtue. It is our preferring the things that are not seen, to those which are, that proves us to be the heirs of promise.”
“Faith is the engine; Hope is the gas; Love is the car (1 Corinthians 13:13)”
“We must practice living to the glory of God, actually and determinedly. By meditation upon this truth, by talking it over with God often in our prayers, by recalling it to our minds frequently as we move about among men, a sense of its wondrous meaning will begin to take hold of us.”
“We must offer all our acts to God and believe that He excepts them. Then hold firmly to that position and keep insisting that every act of every hour of the day and night be included in the transaction. Keep reminding God in our times of private prayer that we mean every act for His glory; then supplement those times by a thousand thought-prayers as we go about the job of living. Let us practice the fine art of making every work a priestly ministration. Let us believe that God is in all our simple deeds and learn to find Him there.”
“Paul’s sewing of tents was not equal to his writing of an Epistle to the Romans, but both were accepted of God and both were true acts of worship. Certainly it is more important to lead a soul to Christ than to plant a garden, but the planting of the garden can be as holy an act as the winning of a soul.”
“In the depths of shame, prayer is your lifeline.”
“Don’t be anxious to move along with your wrinkles. They just indicate that you’ve reached the next level.”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“You are never a mistake, you are never unloved, you are never really alone; the God of the universe gives you purpose, never believe otherwise.”
“Don't have HOPE that the situation will be better. Have HOPE that your savior will be nearer.”
“Faith is realistic and objective; David didn't pick only one stone down the river when approaching the giant, but five. How many stones do you have as you are facing your giant today?”
“Belief.' He reached into his vest and pulled out the silver aquila that he wore alongside his old dog-tags. 'In wartime, call it courage. In peacetime, call it faith. In the Guard, I saw men do amazing things  fight off infection, heal wounds  just because they believed. And I saw men die just because they didn't.”
“The strongest trees still bow to saplings when the wind blows.”
“When I run around with my children and keep my thoughts on the simple beauty of nature, I develop a great bond with the real world.”
“When people freely open themselves up to the wild languages, a new calling is heard.”
“Planting a tree cultivates our spiritual nature. It gifts one hope, pride, and a sense of purpose.”
“Planting trees and using them to communicate with the natural world is holy work.”
“Growth is a constant ritual.”
“Even fallen trees contain an aura of greatness.”
“No loss should ever be viewed as a failure.”
“Wisdom is better found in the quiet. Tree meditations dull the noises of society.”
“Like happiness, peace is not a destination but a state of mind one must achieve no matter how tumultuous their situation is.”
“I have had to look to the trees growing in the forest of my heart to clear my thoughts”
“Repentance in the heart and soul of Christian conversion.”
“The Christian commitment is a journey inviting multiple conversions.”
“We seek God in our vigor, but he often comes to us in suffering. We pursue God in success; we find him in defeat. We assume following him will mean gain; he is our Lord in loss. We want him in abundance; but he speaks to us in poverty.  ”
“I believe God has placed in the heart of every one of us the longing for heaven, which is actually a longing for him.”
“I will keep praying, because no matter how He answer, I have tasted the goodness of God," she said. "There is no one else I would rather go to with my struggles and celebrations, knowing that he covers me with His love.”
“When I asked you if you were consoled, I was speaking to you as a man for whom the human heart holds no secrets. Well, then, Morrel, let us sound the depths of your heart. Is it still that ardent impatience of pain that makes the body leap like a lion bitten by a mosquito? Is it still that raging thirst that can be sated only in the tomb? Is it that ideal notion of regret that launches the living man out of life in pursuit of death? Or is it merely the prostration of exhausted courage, the ennui that stifles the ray of hope as it tries to shine? Is it the loss of memory, bringing an impotence of tears? Oh, my friend, if it is that, if you can no longer weep, if you think your numbed heart is dead, if you have no strength left except in God and no eyes except for heaven – then, my friend, let us put aside words that are too narrow to contain the meanings our soul would give them. Maximilien, you are consoled, pity yourself no longer.”
“For those with the wrong perspective, your success exposes their inadequacies and comfort with mediocrity.”
“The failure to recognize and uproot the weeds that sprout from our bloodline or the consequences of our sins will allow them to choke the fruit we are supposed to bear.”
“I want to love You with all my heart, soul, strength and mind. I want to be more in love with You than I've ever been in love with anyone or anything. What did that poem say? 'All that I have I bring. All that I am I give. Smile thou, and I shall sing but shall not question much.”
“Perturabo shook his head. 'I worship nothing. I believe in nothing.' The finality of this last utterance almost stopped him in his tracks. The force of it was like a blow, a bitter seed of truth he had never acknowledged or known until this moment. He saw the awareness of it reflected in Fulgrim's eyes. 'And that is why you live a stale, bitter life,' said Fulgrim, contempt and pity dripping from his scornful words.”
“If Our surrender can move the hand of God, imagine what our cooperation can do.”
“The desire and pursuit of virtue tends to make us virtuous, but the desire and pursuit of honors tends to make us odious and despicable.”
“If it’s big enough for us to handle, God’s not in it and we shouldn’t be either.”
“The conclusion I came to is: We're human. We break, and God allows it. And He's still involved in that. And the challenge is to to not become offended toward God, to not turn away from Him when we don't understand. In person, with all of my questions and doubts, I chose to embrace Him, to continue running after Him, to continue turning my eyes towards Him, and say, 'I don't understand. But I still love you.' And that's what I'm encouraging people to do now, to say to God, 'I love you anyway. I will not turn away. I will still be faithful to you.”
“Those who live with faith have a much better road, a much happier life.”
“Put no faith in the frailty of men; God is the only one who will never disappoint. ”
“It was the Age of Saints and Scholars. Some say God intervened more often then, when He still had faith in humanity. I say that God still intervenes now if you look for the signs. Everyone needs a sign sometimes, Aoife. Everyone needs a reminder or an intercession to keep them focused and humble. Some people just need to feel the sun’s warmth on their cheek to be reminded. Others need to see a miracle with their own eyes. We should always be looking for signs, Aoife, because they are everywhere. God has laid out paths for us; it’s up to each of us to recognize the signs and choose whether or not to follow.”
“We are talking here not of sorcery, or what you refer to as psychic power, but of faith. Faith is the most powerful force in this galaxy. It requires no proof to convince. It grants conviction to those who believe. It brings hope to the hopeless, and where it flourishes, reality changes.”
“When faith is genuine, loving actions follow.”
“Sonnet 1010 Life is but life's religion, Life is but life's philosophy. Books may be a part of life's growth, But no book is handbook to sensibility. Take no book as life's handbook, Believe no being as life's authority. Neither me, nor any other figure, Can be north star to your senility. You are but an electric eel, You don't need second hand electricity. Generate your own electric current, And light up your part of humanity. It is time to end all lies of authoritarianism, And take the leap of living faith across divisionism.”
“Trust in your own unique path and have the courage to follow it; faith will be by your side every step of the way.”
“The Eucharist awakens in us the voice of God, which has been silenced by the busyness of this world.”
“When you are done with the weight of life and death offers you its false release, remember: YOU are loved. YOU are worthy. YOU are a child of God. YOU are not alone. God dwells within you.”
“I choose to walk by faith because I know God is mighty and victorious and there is nothing that is difficult for him. He is able to change any tough situation for our good. When we go through difficult situations, sometimes God wants to remind us that before the joy of victory comes there got to be a struggle to overcome." Gregory Anson”
“Never think that the existence of hope is dependent upon your ability to see it.”
“The nature of hope is such that it will grow in direct proportion to our lack of belief in it.”
“Farewell, tetrach,' said Guilliman. 'Fight well, rule better. I leave a great number of my people in your hands. Try to save them. And, if you can, remember this - although the aeldari seer helped plot the course to our victory, our plan would have failed had I not had a little faith. Perhaps we all should have.”
“A memoir in which the author shares his impressive journey of emigrating to the United States to escape a difficult life in an impoverished Nigerian village. Born into an extremely poor family in Nigeria, ‘Deji Ayoade had early memories of wanting to come to America to do better for himself. For years, he dreamed about having a bright future in the United States. At seven, he promised his mother that one day he would be a doctor in America and take her and his siblings away from their dangerous and impoverished existence. By the age of thirty-three, ‘Deji had been in the United States for five years and was living his dream. He had earned a master’s degree, married and had a child, been recruited into the Navy, and become a US citizen. He makes good on the promise to his mother and brings her, his sister, and his sister’s baby to the United States. UNDERGROUND: A Memoir of Hope, Faith, and the American Dream is a well-structured, compelling memoir written by a determined man with big dreams, ambitious goals, and the strength to never lose sight of where he is headed. Commitment, intelligence, and drive contribute to his fulfilling what he deems to be his purpose in life. His accomplishments in the armed services are nothing short of admirable. Ayoade draws readers into the 1980s culture of the poorer regions of Nigeria with vivid descriptions of the sights, sounds, and smells of areas in which they lived. His credible recreation of scenes reveals insight into the civilization that had considerable influence on him. Family dynamics also play a significant role in Ayoade’s life. His recollection of his father’s contradictory behaviors both confuse and enlighten him. His fond memories of his grandmother—the family member he trusted the most—are heartfelt and touching. While coming to the United States offers many positive experiences for Ayoade, it doesn’t come without problems, and one that the author talks about with deep emotion and candidness is racism. Thoughtful in the way he acknowledges possible differences of perspectives, he describes how it feels to be looked at differently. One scene in particular demonstrates just how prejudiced and insensitive people can be when it comes to racial biases. Ayoade writes from the heart with emotion and honesty that demonstrate his passion for what he does in life. His ability to weave together a cohesive story from so many disparate fragments is remarkable. His religious faith and commitment to never-ending improvement for himself are inspiring and a basis for being a role model for others. UNDERGROUND: A Memoir of Hope, Faith, and the American Dream–author ‘Deji Ayoade’s reflections on overcoming enormous obstacles and emigrating from Nigeria to the United States–is candid, heartwarming, and inspirational.”
“Poet Ayoade, the first African immigrant to serve as a nuclear missile operator in the United States Air Force, debuts with an inspirational memoir chronicling his childhood in Nigeria and journey to become a doctor and American citizen. Ayoade, who at the age of seven promised his mother “One day, I will take you far away from here,” details his upbringing with an abusive father and the many family tragedies he endured—along with his dedication to creating a different life: “Underground is my unusual journey from childhood poverty to where I am today. How the impossible became a reality.” Readers will be swept into Ayoade’s vivid recollections of his early years, including his strict education, brushes with death, and a strained relationship with his father. He recounts the family’s passion for American movies that made “America seem like the perfect place,” sparking his desire for a better future, and details his decision to become a veterinarian and eventually pursue a career in the U.S. military to ensure the best life for his family (and future generations). Ayoade’s story is moving, particularly his reconciliation with his father and hard-earned American citizenship, and his message that it’s never too late to chase your dreams resonates. That message will evoke strong emotions for readers as Ayoade highlights the importance of hard work and the benefit of a committed support system, alongside his constant “wishing, praying, and fighting to be free from all the sadness and injustice around me”—a theme that echoes through much of the book, including in his acknowledgement that the fear he experienced as a nuclear missile operator was a “cost of this freedom.” Ayoade’s poetry and personal photographs are sprinkled throughout, illuminating his deep love for family and his ultimate belief in liberty as “The reason for it all./ A foundation for a new generation,/ The best gift to any child.” Takeaway: This stirring memoir documents an immigrant’s fight for the American dream. Great for fans of: Ashley C. Ford’s Somebody's Daughter, Maria Hinojosa’s Once I Was You. Production grades Cover: A- Design and typography: A Illustrations: A Editing: A Marketing copy: A”
“The more people believe in something, the more true that thing becomes. The more reality tips in the favor of that belief.”
“If someone left Redwyn alone for half a day, the toddler would bring down the palace. How, Calvin did not know, but it would happen. Redwyn possessed a capacity for mischief and trouble that far exceeded her parents’.”
“And then I saw the eternal stars twinkling down upon me; I knew their God was mine.”
“As she realised what might have been, she grew to be thankful for what was.”
“If we trust our assumptions more than reality we may fall right off the edge. One of the more horrifying things I know of is people driving off a highway in the dead of night into a chasm, a river, a ravine where the bridge has collapsed but the flares and barriers have not yet gone up  I shudder for the people who drive right off the cliff assuming a bridge that no longer exists, assuming the road goes on when it doesn't. ﻿ Because how else can you drive? We must assume the road is there--the bridge is there-- as we drive forward into the unknown. But we must keep our eyes on the road as well.”
“Your god. Why a rat?” Zale shrugged. “Why not a rat? Rats are smart and they travel with humans, but they are neither our servants nor our prey. They eat the food that we eat, they live within our homes. Who better to understand us?”
“Be mindful of the company you keep, and be aware of the you who shows up when around them.”
“Quite soon, I shall find myself before the final judge of my life. Even though, as I look back on my long life, I can have great reason for fear and trembling, I am nonetheless of good cheer, for I trust firmly that the Lord is not only the just judge, but also the friend and brother who himself has already suffered for my shortcomings, and is thus also my advocate, my “Paraclete.”
“Don't focus on the number of fish with you now, let your eyes be on the One who can multiply them”
“Atheists don't believe in hope and faith. People think being an atheist makes them seem smart but it also strips them from fundamental qualities that are very needed in a world immersed in darkness.”
“Have courage and faith once there is an alignment with the Truth others can't accept because amidst the mountains and rocks of life there are always flowers, trees, rivers and seas. No storm lasts forever and it is not always night. Life gets better for those who persist on a good path. And if all paths are removed from you, God will create a new path that you never imagined before to exist - better than any other. That which seems impossible is made possible through the acts of faith aligned with the Creator. Remember to pray with this triangle of conceptualizations in mind, and everything you do will gain a higher meaning.”
“A surge of doubt and insecurity rushes through me. Will things ever change? I feel like I am not helping anyone. Even as I turn off my corporate laptop and switch off the lights in the office, my mind is racing. I just don’t want to fail. Not again.”
“No matter what, never give up your soul because that's the true source of your power and ability.”
“Self-preservation is the death of faith for the Church.”
“Faith is spelled R-I-S-K.”
“Faith is the confident expectation that an unseen reality today will soon become visible to all”
“True love is found only when paths cross, not from the angle of what is observed within a cognitive conceptualization but rather the angle of spiritual desire. It is in this outcome, manifested in a receiving through giving, gaining through offering and winning through losing, that you understand the mystery veiled by the emotions you have attracted. Then, and only then, you will understand the limitations of distance, time and location as merely distractions in the path to the ultimate goal, which is the fulfilling of your own faith. That faith is rewarded through the eyes that will reflect your own desires.”
“As Christians, it is important that we not only share the gospel with others but also that we display the fruits of the spirit through gracious words and loving actions.”
“There will be times in Life when you will not be understood. When no one will believe in you. People, circumstances and events will all appear to be going against you. That’s when you must soldier on, with faith . When there is no hope, when there is no light, when there appears to be no way forward, that’s when faith comes into play. Anchor in faith. Not through religion or ritual. But have faith in yourself, in a higher energy, and trust the process of Life. Your faith will never lead you astray. It will not show you the way either. Having faith is the way to live intelligently, happily.”
“And maybe that was why some people prayed so ardently. They hoped that God would take care of the things they couldn't. They hoped that there was justice and righteousness out there. People prayed because they were tired.”
“In order to believe in your future, you just need to be able to see the road that you must travel.”
“When my faith in the police has been stolen by police officers, who do I report the crime to?”
“If we allow ourselves to be defined by what others say about us we will constantly feel inadequate and unworthy.”
“Change of people, places, and things may be necessary to go from survival mode to thriving and move from glory to glory. Heed the lesson of Moses and let go of what seems good so you can receive God’s best.”
“There should be no fear or doubt about carrying out God’s will because our ability is tied to God’s willingness to see His plan come to pass. Whatever God wants from us, He has deposited in us.”
“Who we are and how we think of ourselves should be shaped by who God is. Why? Because the Word says, we were created in His image.”
“I am and how I am because I am made in the image of God. Whether short or tall, no matter the tone of your skin or the sound of your voice, you’re created as the Creator intended, and that belief should supersede any cultural definition of desirability or beauty.”
“Recognize that any negative, self-deprecating thoughts about yourself don’t come from God. Saturate your mind with scriptures that will not only build your faith but shape your self-image and make daily positive affirmations based on those scriptures until they become the truth you believe about yourself.”
“When you rely on people, you seek limited sources of wisdom when all wisdom flows from God, who freely gives it to those who ask.”
“Remember, when people hate on the promise God has given you and the calling on your life, it’s often more about them than you.”
“But I realize now you can’t expect something from people who don’t have it in them to give.”
“This is a tapestry of every sunset and sunrise …It reminds me that if the sun comes up, the day has beautiful purpose. For God made it so, yes?”
“I wanted to show you that you could trust me, that you didn't need to give me orders for me to do things. I wanted to show you that I believed you'd thought it all through. But that's no way to rule. And it's not really even trust, when someone can order you to do it anyway.”
“How was it possible for a heart to shatter in a million pieces with what felt like no hope of reconstruction?”
“We are called to fight for Biblical justice, Boden. It will be uncomfortable and even frightening at times because the world doesn’t take kindly to us speaking against it. What the world loves, we’re to hate. And what we love, the world hates. That’s what happens when we walk a different path and live in the light while they languish in the dark.”
“I believe I can make it On my own Thanks to my inherent tendency To do miracles The Waxing”
“Your mustard seed is enough.”
“Take up the shield of faith and fight the battles of the Lord vigorously. You especially must stand as a wall against every height which raises itself against the knowledge of God. Unsheath the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God, and may those who hunger after justice receive bread from you. Having been called so that you might be diligent cultivators in the vineyard of the Lord, do this one thing, and labor in it together, so that every root of bitterness may be removed from your field, all seeds of vice destroyed, and a happy crop of virtues may take root and grow.”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. Keep the faith.”
“The foundational thought behind this book is to ask you to consider what could happen when the average person says "yes" to an amazing God. Imagine what it could look like to simply allow God to use common events in your life to create uncommon opportunities in order to bring glory to His name.”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. The Victory is Yours.”
“Trăind în timp, avem deja parte de veșnicie. Facem veșnicie ori din iubirea și din iertarea noastră, cea primită și cea dăruită, ori din răbufnirile noastre, din ura noastră. Punem în veșnicie ce trăim în prezent.”
“Drama lumii de astăzi este neputința de a crede. De a nu crede în sensuri adevărate ale cuvintelor și ale vieții ca atare. A vieții ca Viață. Majuscular. Cu durere și dragoste deopotrivă.”
“E dificil să crești când ucizi orice nădejde în tine. Și orice răsărit îl grăbești către apus. Ca și cum nu ar mai conta miezul de foc al zilei, ca și cum viața este doar o coajă de interese. Or, miezul vieții e tocmai darul ei.”
“Nu există regrete mari și mici. Există păreri de rău pentru lucruri reale și altele pentru chestiuni închipuite. Nu există păcate mari și mici, ci tot păcatul ce-l ai ucide pacea și liniștea.”
“Uităm să mai "pierdem timpul" pentru a câștiga prezentul și pentru a realiza că trăim. Noi nu trăim, trebuie să performăm, când trebuie, de fapt, să ne lăsăm iubiți și să iubim.”
“Împăcarea cu trecutul devine mântuirea prezentului.”
“When you encounter hardships, you will be able to stand when you use the weapon of faith and the shield of prayer.”
“Prayer is an act of faith in the life of a believer.”
“Prayer is when you send your requests to God, knowing that by faith He will process them in His time.”
“Prayer transcends the boundaries of physical limitations and infiltrates the spiritual realm. Therefore, when you pray, apply faith and command situations to change.”
“Every child of God should know how to pray, because prayer is an essential part of the journey of faith.”
“You may not know all the answers, but God has a reason why He does certain things. That is why you should lean on Him in tough times. Say a prayer and have faith. Things will be alright.”
“Words carry power and the most powerful words are those uttered by the Lord over your life. Hence, you must pray and have faith, so that you will hear every word God has for you.”
“I have no faith in the police.”
“Dear God, Grant me faith, but don’t make me faithful. (July 1, 2015)”
“You keep my light shining bright!”
“I have no faith in budget airlines.”
“Belief is ever its own tempter to believe differently”
“We come to you grieving and sorrowful because We know that you are concerned for the faith in these difficult times. Now is truly the time in which the powers of darkness winnow the elect like wheat. 'The earth mourns and fades away….And the earth is infected by the inhabitants thereof, because they have transgressed the laws, they have changed the ordinances, they have broken the everlasting covenant.”
“We speak of the things which you see with your own eyes, which We both bemoan. Depravity exults; science is impudent; liberty, dissolute. The holiness of the sacred is despised; the majesty of divine worship is not only disapproved by evil men, but defiled and held up to ridicule. Hence sound doctrine is perverted and errors of all kinds spread boldly. The laws of the sacred, the rights, institutions, and discipline — none are safe from the audacity of those speaking evil. Our Roman See is harassed violently and the bonds of unity are daily loosened and severed. The divine authority of the Church is opposed and her rights shorn off. She is subjected to human reason and with the greatest injustice exposed to the hatred of the people and reduced to vile servitude. The obedience due bishops is denied and their rights are trampled underfoot. Furthermore, academies and schools resound with new, monstrous opinions, which openly attack the Catholic faith; this horrible and nefarious war is openly and even publicly waged. Thus, by institutions and by the example of teachers, the minds of the youth are corrupted and a tremendous blow is dealt to religion and the perversion of morals is spread. So the restraints of religion are thrown off, by which alone kingdoms stand. We see the destruction of public order, the fall of principalities, and the overturning of all legitimate power approaching. Indeed this great mass of calamities had its inception in the heretical societies and sects in which all that is sacrilegious, infamous, and blasphemous has gathered as bilge water in a ship’s hold, a congealed mass of all filth.”
“Someone has likened prayer to being on a rough sea in a small boat with no oars. All you have is a rope that, somewhere in the distance, is attached to the port. With that rope you can pull yourself closer to God. Songs are my prayers.”
“After four months, grief shouldn’t hurt this much. Shouldn’t threaten to rend her heart in a thousand pieces.”
“You see, the key to helping other people out of them loneliness is nothing more difficult than good old-fashioned perseverance. It's not always easy, me know that, but you've got to be willing to keep doors open, to carry on trying even if it doesn't look like it's working. You've got to refuse to give up on people, even if them giving up on themselves.”
“Some loose ends need to be tied up but still their threads are part of the tapestry. Some loose ends need to be re-woven. Some need to be pulled and allowed to lead us where they may  ”
“Let God be God.”
“I’m not asking you to believe in God, for the choice to believe in men will reveal God soon enough.”
“Your faith is only as strong as the crisis it survives.”
“There is something more powerful than any army. Something strong enough to topple kings, and even Darklings. Do you know what that thing is?"   "Faith.”
“Hey, God! I hope you’re there. I want you to hear my prayer. That graven image on my shelf; Is it really you or just myself? Well, anyway, here it goes: Please keep me on my toes. Help me past my worst mistakes, Doing it for both our sakes, For an example of perfection To the Proctors of my section; Or merely for the Heaven of it, Like bread, for the leaven of it. For whatever reason may incline, Please act for yours and mine.”
“They were permitted their illusions. What a comfort. You could pretend your life was forever, that tomorrow would be better, that the gods in their heavens watched you with care. She recoiled from this lapse with disgust at herself. The unclouded eye was better, no matter what it saw.”
“We can't deny the ubiquity of faith. If we write in such a way as to prejudge such belief as in some way deluded or false, then are we not guilty of elitism, of imposing our world-view on the masses?”
“Christmas is not a story to be told. It is an event to be declared.”
“Our Mothers Your eyes see hope for tomorrow Your hearts are made of gold that many wish to borrow Your minds sharp enough for others follow Your hands ensure that children grow Your feet go places where some cannot know Your courage makes you stand where strong winds blow Your presence becomes warmth, regardless of the snow Your influence can be felt within a stone’s throw You hold nothing back for whom you protect You speak words with good intent You treat others with so much respect You fight and never retract You pursue a path that keeps your faith intact You fulfil dreams and make a significant impact You pass through tough times while remaining steadfast You conquer battles as you pray and fast You instil discipline that becomes a great shield You serve others until they succeed You give inspiration among those who bleed You understand that you are rearing a rare breed You plant and nurture the right seed You help attract breakthroughs with speed You care for those in need You touch lives, indeed You lead your own to be great every step of the way You play your role very well, even without a pay You smile as if every day is your pay day You exude wisdom and put it on full display You save generations from going astray You run your race just like in a relay You pass the baton with no delay You carry so much worth as you get to be gray Hence, we salute you, our Mothers”
“Stay optimistic because your life can change in a blink of an eye. You never know when it's your time. So keep going, prepare yourself, and keep having faith. Trust in your divine plan.”
“Victory sits perched upon peaks of obstacles confronting us. We should never give up.”
“Religion encysts past mythologies: guesses, hidden assumptions of trust in the universe, pronouncements made in search of personal power, all mingled with shreds of enlightenment. And always an unspoken commandment: Thou shalt not question!”
“Always, there must be free will. It is not for us to impose our beliefs on others or to endeavor to persuade one to the practices of our faith. We do not seek those who need our help. Rather, they must seek us and request our assistance. —Esmée Roussel, the Dress Witch" Davis, Barbara. The Keeper of Happy Endings”
“Disaster happens when preachers cross over and think that professional advice is a lack of faith”
“When beliefs get rotten, they convert into superstitions.”
“We don’t have the capacity to exaggerate God’s goodness. We can distort it, or even misrepresent it, but we can never exaggerate it.”
“Expectations and faith can go hand in hand or they can run counter to each other. It all depends on where our expectations are placed. Are they placed in the outcome or are they placed in who He is? You see, if our expectations are anchored in the outcome, we will be disappointed and lose faith when the outcome does not match up with what we expected. God’s goodness will come into question, and we will be in danger of losing faith in Him.”
“Faith, as a mustard seed, is what is needed to move your mountain (problem or circumstance). One of the tiniest seeds, there are, and yet it grows into a large tree. Your faith, however small it may be, can do the same. God gives us the faith we need to trust Him. Use your faith today.”
“One generation commends God's works to another.”
“If your faith makes you feel inadequate, re-examine your relationship with your faith. Are you full of faith or are you fearful?”
“Your needs are not new or too big for God. He will supply accordingly. Never lose your faith in Him.”
“Science does not yield meanings, nor does it prove the absence of meanings. The meaning of a system lies outside the system. Therefore the meaning of the universe lies outside the universe.”
“The best part of waking up to a Christmas morning is perhaps to know that it's just a few more days to another year, to another whole new year of hopes and surprises, expectations and learnings, to a bunch of mad happy days and a dozen of grey days with despair and gloom but above all days to know Life, some more of our Soul, days to be Human and mortal in our very bones. Just like the first ray of Sunshine always finds us out of the darkest hour, Christmas literally shows us how even the coldest and darkest of nights be alive in spirit, breathing through love and light, breathing in more of Life to the days to come, and even when we don't know what might unfold in the days to come, we wish each other a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, because Hope is the cup that fills our Christmas morning the most. And as we keep walking along this wondrous day and this beautiful journey of Life, may we keep reminding our mind what our Heart already knows as the anchoring truth of Hope, Life is full of little pleasures.”
“Prayer is like what fuel is to a car. It gives you the energy to be on the move.”
“Prayer is like using a pick and shovel. The deeper you dig, the more you access unseen spaces.”
“Prayer is a calculated effort to outline your needs to God in anticipation of a provision from the One who knows how to provide for your needs.”
“Ivy grins. “You want me to spy on my mother? I thought you’d never ask.”
“The brighter your light shines, the louder the naysayers get and the more important it is to have a trusted sacred sphere of influence.”
“Faith leads to fate.”
“Clarel the mentor frequent heard The time for Christ's return allot: A dream, and like a dream it blurred The sense- faded, and was forgot.”
“The impossible is always in a desperate search for hands set afire by a heart of faith. For it is the ‘fire’ ignited by the ‘faith’ that drives such hands to undertake the task of freeing the impossible to be the possible.”
“I don’t think that it’s my belief in God that bothers you. I think that it’s your lack of belief.”
“We have been granted everything that we need to make the world everything that we wish it to be. And it is my ardent prayer that we would likewise be granted faith sufficient to ignite a vision so utterly irrepressible that this ‘wish’ would become the reality that it is begging to become.”
“Faith is the wheelbarrow in which you sit.”
“Let your heart be light.”
“I refused and refuse to let cancer define me. I never referred to it as “mine” and treated it as a separate entity that simply had to go.”
“Here’s what I want YOU to know. Cancer isn’t necessarily a death sentence.”
“Two years prior to the cancer diagnosis, while sitting in my office, I received a Divine download that told me I would write a book about healing with love and it would be called Spiritual Sugar.”
“Spiritual Sugar is all about healing with L♥VE, and I for one, know the world needs more healing.”
“Focus on life. When you push against anything, it creates more of what you don’t want.”
“It’s important to focus on healing, not fighting, battling, or conquering. The language we use creates our reality”
“You are 100 percent responsible for taking control of your health. Learn about nutrition, healthy eating, and how to fuel your body the right way.”
“Question everything. Get a second opinion (or more). Push for what you need. Don’t take no for an answer.”
“I was initially misdiagnosed with an abscessed tooth. When in reality, I had a rapidly growing aggressive cancerous tumor in my throat. Had I listened and trusted this misdiagnosis, I wouldn’t be writing this today. #truth”
“People don’t know how to deal with cancer. So, when people do show up, it means a lot. More than you will ever know. When people don’t show up, it hurts. More than you will ever know.”
“Cancer is becoming “normal.” Let that sink in. There is nothing normal about this.”
“It’s important to know that every cancer is different, every person is different, and that means that what I did worked for me. It’s not a guarantee for anyone else.”
“There is something life-affirming and soul-opening about facing mortality. It's the ultimate choice point to COMMIT to YOU.”
“It's important to gain some deep inner clarity and connection to your Higher Power so you're guided to surround yourself with people, places, and things that nourish and uplift your soul.”
“When you feel something is off or you’re experiencing less than optimal encounters on any level, that’s a telltale sign that it's time to course-correct and align with the Divine.”
“I’ve found the most potent prayer is always a prayer of gratitude and thanks as opposed to a prayer asking for what we want.”
“The healing with L♥VE journey has taken me places I never wanted to go and that I hope you never end up.”
“When you strengthen your connection to nature, you naturally tap into something bigger than yourself.”
“Many a soul has been lost for lack of faith.”
“If you raise your children well you can Spoil you grandchildren If you Spoil your children you will have to raise your grandchildren”
“Let go of our fears  go with the flow  for by faith  rivers can  grain by grain  remove mountains!”
“To have hope in these times is an act of courage. To experience catastrophic sadness, to recognize the brutality of life, and still maintain hope--That is everything. Because in order to flourish in the desert, to grow in the bleak, shallow dust and still believe in the possibility of beauty requires a special kind of persistence, It's not only patience and grit and strength, I realized. It's also faith.”
“Killing a belief could be worse than killing a human being. When you kill a human, you take their life, but when you take their faith, they are left without hope, without meaning.”
“Vulnerability is essential to spiritual and creative growth. Finding enormous strength through vulnerability. You're being open to whatever happens, including failure and shame. The two are connected, maybe - vulnerability and freedom.”
“Anchors aren’t meant to ground ships forever. Ships pick up anchors, sail the seas, go where they want and the settle down again. Temporarily. Ironically, anchors help you travel better. Your anchor helps you move safely between seas.”
“Jesus me observa da parede, O seu rosto fria pedra, Se ele me ama Como ela diz, Por que estou tão infeliz?”
“Was that then, the true secret to life? In the sacrificing and dying to oneself, a person could find a deeper sense of purpose and joy?”
“He didn't want to be carried by his hardships aimlessly. Instead, he wanted to find a way to carry the hardships with grace and purpose.”
“You can’t let your fear of getting hurt keep you from something the Lord is leading you towards.”
“Trust and respect. Necessary elements to finding a way through. But sometimes we can't. And when we can't-- when the mist is so thick that we can't even see our own hands-- no less the other person's heart-- sometimes we must be still. I must be still.”
“Although it often appears to be the case, retreating to God is not an impulse bred of cowardice. Rather, it is a decision born of the understanding that God fights battles a whole lot better than I do.”
“2 + 2 doesn’t always add up to 4 in Life. Integrity and hard work, for instance, don’t always deliver (worldly) success no matter how talented you are. Which is why faith and patience are critical on the journey. So, trust the process of Life. And be patient. Over time, you will learn to love the Life that you have. And, eventually, what you want will flow to you, on its own.”
“I was aware that it appeared ludicrous and impossible and that there were hundreds of thousands of reasons why that wouldn't happen. But I needed just one powerful reason to believe that it would actually happen - God.”
“I was aware that it appeared ludicrous and impossible and that there were hundreds of thousands of reasons why that wouldn't happen. But I had just one powerful reason to believe that it would actually happen - God.”
“My only obligation is obedience toward God's direction. He will take care of the rest.”
“Never ever trust a Non-Muslim girl who has been/in a relationship with a Practicing Muslim Man.”
“God is holy God.”
“There is no anchor like hopeful faith.”
“Dream, plan, have faith in tomorrow. But above all, live today!”
“To invite God into my life is not simply an exchange of power. Rather it is an exchange of everything.”
“God is not good in the way a finite being might or might not be good, but is instead infinite Goodness as such; or that he is not merely something true, but is rather Truth in its transcendent fullness; or that he is not something beautiful, but is instead absolute Beauty; or that he is not a discrete unified thing, but is rather the transcendent Unity in which all reality subsists; or that he is not a discrete being among other beings, but is himself infinite subsistent Being as such, whereon all things depend.”
“Redemption, then, if there is such a thing, must consist ultimately in a conversion of the heart so complete that one comes to see heaven for what it is—and thus also comes to see, precisely where one formerly had perceived only the fires of hell, the transfiguring glory of infinite love. And “love never fails” (1 Corinthians 13:8).”
“you cannot reject God except defectively, by having failed to recognize him as the primordial object of all your deepest longings, the very source of their activity”
“the God of eternal retribution and pure sovereignty proclaimed by so much of Christian tradition is not, and cannot possibly be, the God of self-outpouring love revealed in Christ.”
“With God, the word ‘impossible’ is itself impossible.”
“As I walk home, doubting each step before I make it, I am agnostic. Before I close my eyes to sleep, I am a Christian. When I wake, pulled from the pool still reflecting the penumbra, I am spiritual, I am thankful”
“I’m watching the day through a breeze blown slice in my curtains, obscuring nothing but my hour, summer and wind making peace, moving the leaves in the trees standing guard by my window, nervous after my attempts, the sun stroking fronds but leaving others in shadows, seeing the movement of the branches but hearing nothing but the serene sound of cars beyond the garden, limbs waving to me as a bird perches, maybe scouting for a house, onto the bough scratching the glass, knocking to bring me out into contentment while tiny flies shoot in and out of view, their quick existence something I could argue as I smell the fresh air through the dour scent of a depression that hasn’t left my room in days, then swiftly feeling like I’m outside, alive and welcoming the wind to raise the hairs on my arms, a contrast that blossoms into hope.”
“My belief in God is constantly reinforced by the incessant failures of all of the people who declare that there is no God.”
“Only that which is apart from my own being is capable of being doubted by me. How then can I doubt of God, who is my being? To doubt of God is to doubt of myself.”
“To die comfortably, that is the true American dream.”
“Faith will help you find your fate.”
“I would much prefer to see endings as the womb within which beginnings are born.”
“Will this journey of mine ultimately take me to a pinnacle or a pit? I am certain to rise to the former if I journey with God, and I am doomed to land in the latter if I’ve neglected to extend Him an invitation.”
“There's nothing quite like the scriptures for killing faith stone dead. Actually reading them and thinking about what they said evaporated my belief like spit on a hot stove.”
“Marra no longer had much faith in fate. She had been born a princess, which should have been lucky, but the price for never going hungry was to be caught in a struggle between people too powerful to call to justice.”
“I believe I understand that what's written on high is only a copy of what man writes here below.”
“But at the centre of his own faith there always stood the convincing mystery--that they were made in God's image. God was the parent, but He was also the policeman, the criminal, the priest, the maniac, and the judge. Something resembling God dangled from the gibbet or went into odd attitudes before the bullets in a prison yard or contorted itself like a camel in the attitude of sex. He would sit in the confessional and hear the complicated dirty ingenuities which God's image had thought out ”
“Nature is always waiting, watching for you to lose faith so she can insert her fatal stitch”
“I can choose God or men. If I choose men, I will ultimately be alone despite the sheer number of them. If I choose God, I will never be alone because He cannot be numbered.”
“We are either running to something, or running from something. But possibly the most dangerous running of all is to deny that we’re running in the first place.”
“I’ve frequently found that I can’t deliver myself from the trials that beset me, but I’ve found that I can deliver myself into the hands of God who will beset the trials.”
“Me minus God makes the impossible, impossible. Me plus God makes the impossible, possible.”
“The less I choose to know of myself and the more I choose to know of God, the more I will know of myself and God.”
“At certain critical moments in history, the past (even the fairly recent past) becomes all at once a foreign land, immeasurably remote. For peoples that had come to believe in Easter, even if only for a brief cultural moment, it was no longer possible to believe with perfect innocence that divine justice recognized the power of one person to own another; for, in coming to believe in the resurrection of Christ—much to their consternation, maybe, but also perhaps for their salvation—they found that the form of God and the form of the human person had been revealed to them all at once, completely, then and thenceforth always, in the form of a slave.”
“The question of existence does not concern how it is that the present arrangement of the world came about, from causes already internal to the world, but how it is that anything (including any cause) can exist at all. This question Darwin and Wallace never addressed, nor were ever so hopelessly confused as to think they had. It is a question that no theoretical or experimental science could ever answer, for it is qualitatively different from the kind of questions that the physical sciences are competent to address.”
“Once a person or a people comes to recognize an evil for what it is, even if that evil is then allowed to continue for a time, in whole or in part, the most radical change has already come to pass. Thereafter, everything—penitence, regeneration, forgiveness, rebellion, reconciliation—becomes possible. For what it is to be human has been, in some real way, irrevocably altered.”
“Only God can join us to God.”
“In the light of Christianity’s absolute law of charity, we came to see what formerly we could not: the autistic or Down syndrome or otherwise disabled child, for instance, for whom the world can remain a perpetual perplexity, which can too often cause pain but perhaps only vaguely and fleetingly charm or delight; the derelict or wretched or broken man or woman who has wasted his or her life away; the homeless, the utterly impoverished, the diseased, the mentally ill, the physically disabled; exiles, refugees, fugitives; even criminals and reprobates. To reject, turn away from, or kill any or all of them would be, in a very real sense, the most purely practical of impulses. To be able, however, to see in them not only something of worth but indeed something potentially godlike, to be cherished and adored, is the rarest and most ennoblingly unrealistic capacity ever bred within human souls. To look on the child whom our ancient ancestors would have seen as somehow unwholesome or as a worthless burden, and would have abandoned to fate, and to see in him or her instead a person worthy of all affection—resplendent with divine glory, ominous with an absolute demand upon our consciences, evoking our love and our reverence—is to be set free from mere elemental existence, and from those natural limitations that pre-Christian persons took to be the very definition of reality. And only someone profoundly ignorant of history and of native human inclinations could doubt that it is only as a consequence of the revolutionary force of Christianity within our history, within the very heart of our shared nature, that any of us can experience this freedom. We deceive ourselves also, however, if we doubt how very fragile this vision of things truly is: how elusive this truth that only charity can know, how easily forgotten this mystery that only charity can penetrate.”
“it is the sheer 'impracticality' of Christianity itself that interests me: its extraordinary claims, its peculiar understandings of love and service, which down the centuries have not so much dominated Western civilization as haunted it, at times like a particularly engrossing dream, at others like an especially forlorn specter.”
“The theologians who participated in the Christological debates were led into an ever-deepening consideration of how it was that Christ was human; and, in the process, they necessarily found themselves drawn into an ever-deepening consideration of what it is for any of us to be human, and into an ever more precise investigation of all those hidden realms within where God (they believed) had united us to himself. It is no exaggeration to say that what followed, over the course of centuries, was the most searching metaphysics of the self undertaken to that point in Western thought.”
“I know three African priests—one Ugandan and two Nigerian—who are immensely educated and sophisticated scholars (linguists, philosophers, and historians all) and who are also unshakably convinced that miracles, magic, and spiritual warfare are manifestly real aspects of daily life, of which they themselves have had direct and incontrovertible experience on a number of occasions. All three are, of course, creatures of their cultures, no less than we are of ours; but I am not disposed to believe that their cultures are somehow more primitive or unreasoning than ours. It is true they come from nations that enjoy nothing like our economic and technological advantages; but, since these advantages are as likely to distract us from reality as to grant us any special insight into it, that fact scarcely rises to the level of irrelevance. Truth be told, there is no remotely plausible reason—apart from a preference for our own presuppositions over those of other peoples—why the convictions and experiences of an African polyglot and philosopher, whose pastoral and social labors oblige him to be engaged immediately in the concrete realities of hundreds of lives, should command less rational assent from us than the small, unproven, doctrinaire certitudes of persons who spend their lives in supermarkets and before television screens and immured in the sterile, hallucinatory seclusion of their private studies.”
“Fame and victory come and go. What stays is faith. Never lose your faith.”
“We are to love God fully, unreservedly, with nothing held back.”
“ We are, indeed, ALL His own. Whether we believe it or not. Whether we know it or not. Whether we admit it or remember it or celebrate it, or not. Whether we live this, or not - we are part and parcel o the living proof of an intelligent, organized, purposeful creation; one of beauty, wisdom, and intent beyond our limited view of the here and now.”
“What do you do when you don’t know what to do? Well, you can try fighting Life: You can kick around, scream, wallow in self-pity, anger, grief and guilt or you can hide in a metaphorical cave, choosing to live in denial and darkness. But none of those choices will help you. Over time, you will hate your Life even more than you ever did. That’s when you will realize the power of letting go, of going with the flow. When you don’t know what to do, simply trust the process of Life. That trusting, in the present continuous tense, is faith. The willingness to go where you have never been before, the humility to let go and allowing yourself to be led by the unknown, is faith. Now, your problems don’t necessarily disappear when you have faith. Your ability to deal with them improves magically, miraculously, though. And that is what faith does – it acts as a beacon of light, as a blessing, to keep you going through the darkness, to help you last – one day at a time.”
“If I faithfully take what little bit of belief I possess and rigorously apply every bit of it, the mountains that once stood in front of me become a road that is passing under me.”
“I just don’t want to live with a borrowed faith. I don’t want to accept everything our parents say as truth just because they’re our parents. I want whatever I believe to be my own.”
“Elder Oaks describes his colleague as a 'spiritually sensitive man of great faith who does not let his remarkable worldly knowledge deflect him from the impressions of the Spirit or from his insights of the gospel. His spiritual influence is that everyone becomes more spiritual in his presence. When he comes into the room, you remember who You are (my emphasis). He is a radiant spiritual being.' Quote from Russell M. Nelson: Father, Surgeon, Apostle”
“That's the thing about belief, you can't make yourself do it. It's like falling asleep or being in love. You can lie there all night desperately wanting to go to sleep, and the more you want the more it doesn't happen. You can really, really want to believe, but if you don't you just don't.”
“I often wonder what it will take for me to finally understand that every promise that does not come from God was broken before it was ever sent.”
“Trust’ in anything other than God is nothing more than a gamble in disguise.”
“Wherever you go, bring Jesus with you!”
“She was beautifully broken, and he could tell it was her faith that made her whole. It was her faith that made the brokenness beautiful.”
“Constant digging in the past without the Holy Spirit’s guidance makes us spiritual archaeologists, not sons and daughters.”
“Growing in the Lord brings not only freedom but also an ongoing victory.”
“Don’t wait until the enemy is gone before you start to eat in the presence of your king.”
“Sooner or later what we do in secret will become public.”
“People get tired of running toward God because it’s hard to run with a weight on their backs.”
“Although our spirit is perfect forever, we are continuously being perfected in our souls.”
“Your sin and failure is not your identity. Jesus is your identity.”
“If you want to go and sin no more, you must embrace Jesus’ gift of “no condemnation.”
“When we remove the mask, God will remove the enemy.”
“You are not a son by worth; you’re a son by birth.”
“If it feels like you’re being buried, remember you’re only being planted.”
“My setback is a set up for a comeback.”
“Pruning is not punishment; it’s a preparation for a greater harvest”
“God doesn’t remove something good if he doesn’t plan to bless you with something better.”
“Don’t settle for manna when God has promised milk and honey.”
“To walk in dominion we must: - rely more on God than on man - work with God instead of waiting on God - replace whining with worship - break poverty thinking by being generous - remember what God has done, not what He hasn’t”
“Myths & Comics (The Sonnet) Some modern superheroes are green in color, Some ancient superheroes are blue in color. Some worship hulk, ironman, captain marvel, Some are fanatics of Zeus, Poseidon, Krishna. Mythologies are but comics of the old days, Just like comics are nothing but modern myths. Fiction is okay in its place, but trouble begins, When life is belittled and fiction is worshiped. Inspiration can come from anywhere, real or not, But all is useless, if it produces mindless savages. Even I've written fiction to explore some situations, Though based on reality, some of it is highly exaggerated. If it brings you back to life, only then it's worth it. Fiction is supposed to enhance reality, not enslave it.”
“Battles are proof that we are no longer slaves.”
“We are either walking in dominion over the devil or living under his dominion of sin.”
“God wants you to move: - from freedom to fighting - from deliverance to dominion - from bondage to battle - from being a slave to being a soldier”
“Jesus’ death on the cross defeated and disarmed the devil.”
“God’s goal for humanity was dominion, not deliverance.”
“God has more faith in you than you will ever have in Him.”
“Whatever is not removed, you are empowered to overcome.”
“Instead of moving from deliverance to deliverance, God intends for us to move from deliverance to dominion.”
“Israel didn’t get what they were promised; they got only what they fought for.”
“Whoever meets Jesus lives in an atmosphere of constant joy.”
“Faith is the power that allows a perplexing world to emerge into the light.”
“Every lemon will bring forth a child, and the lemons will never die out.”
“Some experience deliverance by going through a prayer line, others through personal prayer life.”
“Prayerful Christians are powerful Christians. Prayerless Christians are powerless Christians.”
“Satan has the advantage over spiritually sleeping saints; he can sift them.”
“The Holy Spirit can’t bring to memory verses you didn’t memorize.”
“We fast because we have a calling to fulfill, calamities to overcome, spiritual enemies to conquer and our connection to God to maintain.”
“The blood of Jesus has a voice, and it’s a weapon against the forces of darkness.”
“Truth is more than facts. Facts change; truth is stable.”
“Our thoughts must be filled with the promises of God, not with the problems of life.”
“Truth is like soap; it only works when applied.”
“If you don’t let your situation change your revelation, then your revelation will transform your situation.”
“Every Christian has the armor of God, but not every Christian wears it. The armor doesn’t work if it’s not worn.”
“God anoints us for winning spiritual battles, not arguments with people.”
“Don’t waste your anointing on battles that God didn’t call you to.”
“God’s armor doesn’t prevent an “evil day,” but it protects us from becoming evil people.”
“Having salvation protects us from the wrath of God, but wearing salvation protects us from the attacks of the devil.”
“Our minds must reflect who we are, not what we are going through.”
“Faith isn’t blind belief; it’s unwavering trust.”
“If you are losing your hunger for God, force-feed yourself until hunger kicks in.”
“Remember, repent, and repeat the first works. These are three simple steps to coming back to your “first love.”
“Many Christians burn out because they neglect to minister to the Lord.”
“The period between deliverance and dominion is usually marked by a miserable wilderness.”
“Spiritual hunger follows spiritual feeding.”
“How we respond in the spiritual wilderness will determine how long we will stay there.”
“Complaining prolongs your spiritual wilderness; confessing God’s Word shrinks it.”
“When God is silent in your life, that might mean you’re taking a test.”
“So often during our dry times, we tend to remember the things we should forget and forget the things we should remember.”
“Demons visit dry places, but they settle only in dead places.”
“God doesn’t want to be a means to a goal, even if that goal is deliverance.”
“Worship the Lord instead of whining.”
“He knew I was unworthy. He knew I was the worst of sinners. And yet I dared to come before Him.”
“It is not blasphemous to say this world is vast, that much of its history remains shrouded. There are things God set beyond our understanding.”
“Είσαι άνθρωπος, φίλε μου. Και οι αναζητήσεις του μυαλού και της καρδιάς σου είναι ανθρώπινες αναζητήσεις. Χάρη σε αυτές μπορούμε να ξεχωρίσουμε το σωστό από το λάθος, την αρετή από την κακία και το φως από το σκοτάδι. Και να θυμάσαι. Όποιος δε φοβάται το θάνατο, είναι καταδικασμένος να τον συναντήσει σύντομα.”
“Faith is turning off the lights ad trusting the other person will not murder you in your sleep”
“Do you doubt the love of God for you? And feel like His love is absent in your life? Knowing the quantum of love God has for us is essential to healthy living as God’s love is fundamental to our identity. Although many people, most especially religious men and women, believe that God loves them, they are unable to reap the benefits of his love. It is not simply cool to say God loves me but to know it, be rooted and grounded in it for it is by this that you will be able to rise above any and every circumstance life may throw your way.”
“I won't say anything but I'm done with the Tanzeem." "We'll see Brother Alizayd. Allahu alam." She said the human words better than Ali's pureblood tongue would ever manage, and he couldn't help but tremble slightly at the confidence in her voice, at the phrase meant to demonstrate the folly of man's confidence. God knows best.”
“We have a verse like that - like what Nisreen said. We say God is the light of the heavens and the earth, that it's a light steady and protected as a lamp behind glass and shines as brightly as a star. That it is always there to guide us.”
“Dazed, he went through his ablutions. Then Ali stepped back, letting the crowd sweep him away as he surrendered to the familiar rhythm and movement of prayer. It was like slipping into oblivion, into bliss, muscle memory and the murmured song of sacred revelation relaxing his tightly wound emotions and offering a brief escape.”
“அங்கீகாரம் தேடுறவன், தாம் பண்ணின காரியத்தில் நம்பிக்கை இல்லாதவன்.”
“Mais surtout, et cette recommandation est essentielle, que la volonté n’intervienne pas dans la pratique de l’autosuggestion ; car, si elle n’est pas d’accord avec l’imagination, si l’on pense : « Je veux que telle ou telle chose se produise », et que l’imagination dise : « Tu le veux, mais cela ne sera pas », non seulement on n’obtient pas ce que l’on veut, mais encore on obtient exactement le contraire. - But above all, and this recommendation is essential, that The Will, not intervene in the practice of autosuggestion; For if The Will disagrees with The Imagination, if one thinks, "I want such and such a thing to happen," and the imagination says, "You do, but it won't happen”, not only do we not get what we want, but we also get exactly the opposite.”
“The Heavenly Father never fails nor forsakes.”
“All alone I go, all alone, with the light of my inner glow. Everything is luminous now, I am not lonely anymore.”
“What is the opportunity cost of choosing between the heaven on earth and the heaven afterlife ? Think hard and be wise in this transitory life.”
“If you want a good thing to happen, you must try to believe that it will happen, or else you will make it less likely.”
“You must have faith. Many things are possible that seem not to be.”
“और फिर हम सब असंभव चुनते रहते हैं. मानो घास के पूले में सुई ढूंढते रहते हैं. संभावनाएं ढूंढते रहते हैं, जो ढूंढ रहे हैं उसके मिल जाने की. उस में समाहित हो जाने की. खुद में समाहित हो जाने की. अंतहीन हो जाने की. रही बात विश्वास की, तो मन के विश्वास तो आँख-मिचौली खेलते हैं. मिलते रहते हैं, छूटते रहते हैं.”
“Your story is remarkable, even if you don’t know it yet.”
“Don’t wait for a life-altering event to start living the life you’re meant to live.”
“The finest of all feelings is faith in the Heavenly Father.”
“The strongman is a demon; a stronghold is a house of thoughts. The strongman comes quickly and usually exits quickly.”
“Strongholds that are built over time get destroyed over time.”
“You can control your mind, but your mindset controls you.”
“Truth is like soap, it only works when it is applied.”
“Where the mind goes, man follows.”
“How to renew your mind? 1. Stop waiting for an outside miracle to change your mind. 2. Stop believing that you can’t control your thoughts. 3. What you feed your mind with becomes a mindset. 4. Confess what you believe, not what you feel. 5. Resist negative thoughts, and assist positive thoughts. 6. Celebrate the process. 7. Expect miracles.”
“Deliverance is God working for you; discipline is God working in you.”
“Deliverance gets the demons out, discipleship keeps them out.”
“Your calling is an answer to the cry.”
“Prayer is a weapon, but it’s also a battlefield.”
“Spiritual warfare is fought with spiritual weapons.”
“Fear would hold me back. But faith in myself would set me free.”
“My mom was a sayyed from the bloodline of the Prophet (which you know about now). In Iran, if you convert from Islam to Christianity or Judaism, it’s a capital crime. That means if they ﬁnd you guilty in religious court, they kill you. But if you convert to something else, like Buddhism or something, then it’s not so bad. Probably because Judaism, Christianity, and Islam are sister religions, and you always have the worst ﬁghts with your sister. And probably nothing happens if you’re just a six-year-old. Except if you say, “I’m a Christian now,” in your school, chances are the Committee will hear about it and raid your house, because if you’re a Christian now, then so are your parents probably. And the Committee does stuff way worse than killing you. When my sister walked out of her room and said she’d met Jesus, my mom knew all that. And here is the part that gets hard to believe: Sima, my mom, read about him and became a Christian too. Not just a regular one, who keeps it in their pocket. She fell in love. She wanted everybody to have what she had, to be free, to realize that in other religions you have rules and codes and obligations to follow to earn good things, but all you had to do with Jesus was believe he was the one who died for you. And she believed. When I tell the story in Oklahoma, this is the part where the grown-ups always interrupt me. They say, “Okay, but why did she convert?” Cause up to that point, I’ve told them about the house with the birds in the walls, all the villages my grandfather owned, all the gold, my mom’s own medical practice—all the amazing things she had that we don’t have anymore because she became a Christian. All the money she gave up, so we’re poor now. But I don’t have an answer for them. How can you explain why you believe anything? So I just say what my mom says when people ask her. She looks them in the eye with the begging hope that they’ll hear her and she says, “Because it’s true.” Why else would she believe it? It’s true and it’s more valuable than seven million dollars in gold coins, and thousands of acres of Persian countryside, and ten years of education to get a medical degree, and all your family, and a home, and the best cream puffs of Jolfa, and even maybe your life. My mom wouldn’t have made the trade otherwise. If you believe it’s true, that there is a God and He wants you to believe in Him and He sent His Son to die for you—then it has to take over your life. It has to be worth more than everything else, because heaven’s waiting on the other side. That or Sima is insane. There’s no middle. You can’t say it’s a quirky thing she thinks sometimes, cause she went all the way with it. If it’s not true, she made a giant mistake. But she doesn’t think so. She had all that wealth, the love of all those people she helped in her clinic. They treated her like a queen. She was a sayyed. And she’s poor now. People spit on her on buses. She’s a refugee in places people hate refugees, with a husband who hits harder than a second-degree black belt because he’s a third-degree black belt. And she’ll tell you—it’s worth it. Jesus is better. It’s true. We can keep talking about it, keep grinding our teeth on why Sima converted, since it turned the fate of everybody in the story. It’s why we’re here hiding in Oklahoma. We can wonder and question and disagree. You can be certain she’s dead wrong. But you can’t make Sima agree with you. It’s true. Christ has died. Christ is risen. Christ will come again. This whole story hinges on it. Sima—who was such a ﬁerce Muslim that she marched for the Revolution, who studied the Quran the way very few people do read the Bible and knew in her heart that it was true.”
“As várias formas hodiernas de dissolução do matrimónio, como as uniões livres e o "matrimónio de prova", até ao pseudomatrimónio entre pessoas do mesmo sexo, são, pelo contrário, expressões de uma liberdade anárquica que se faz passar indevidamente por verdadeira libertação do homem. Uma tal pseudoliberdade funda-se numa banalização do corpo que inevitavelmente inclui a banalização do homem. O seu pressuposto é que o homem pode fazer de si o que quer: o seu corpo torna-se assim numa coisa secundária, manipulável sob o ponto de vista humano, a ser utilizado como se deseja. O libertinismo, que se faz passar por descoberta do corpo e do seu valor, é na realidade um dualismo que torna o corpo desprezível, colocando-o por assim dizer fora do ser autêntico e da dignidade da pessoa.”
“I feed her a spoonful of glass. By morning, she will be a window.”
“You stopped looking, like Peter out on the waves. The moment he took his eyes off of Jesus, doubted His power, His love, and His grace, he began to sink. Cease looking at the storm around you, the water beneath you, the sky above you. Stay your course and focus solely upon the foundation of your faith, the path upon which you step, the hand that you know will always catch you, the eyes which will forever be brimming with love.”
“A more plausible reason for putting discipleship out of the question was the strain of visionary excitement in Mordecai, which turned his wishes into overmastering impressions, and made him read outward facts as fulfillment. Was such a temper of mind likely to accompany that wise estimate of consequences which is the only safeguard from fatal error, even to ennobling motive? But it remained to be seen whether that rare conjunction existed or not in Mordecai: perhaps his might be one of the natures where a wise estimate of consequences is fused in the fires of that passionate belief which determines the consequences it believes in. The inspirations of the world have come in that way too: even strictly- measuring science could hardly have got on without that forecasting ardor which feels the agitations of discovery beforehand, and has a faith in its preconception that surmounts many failures of experiment. And in relation to human motives and actions, passionate belief has a fuller efficacy. Here enthusiasm may have the validity of proof, and happening in one soul, give the type of what will one day be general.”
“By the time I left Florida, I had no faith in its systems of worker protection.”
“The vibrating sounds of a big brass bell reached them from the town. Nekhludoff’s driver, who stood by his side, and the other men on the raft raised their caps and crossed themselves, all except a short, dishevelled old man, who stood close to the railway and whom Nekhludoff had not noticed before. He did not cross himself, but raised his head and looked at Nekhludoff. This old man wore a patched coat, cloth trousers and worn and patched shoes. He had a small wallet on his back, and a high fur cap with the fur much rubbed on his head. “Why don’t you pray, old chap?” asked Nekhludoff’s driver as he replaced and straightened his cap. “Are you unbaptized?” “Who’s one to pray to?” asked the old man quickly, in a determinately aggressive tone. “To whom? To God, of course,” said the driver sarcastically. “And you just show me where he is, that god.” There was something so serious and firm in the expression of the old man, that the driver felt that he had to do with a strong-minded man, and was a bit abashed. And trying not to show this, not to be silenced, and not to be put to shame before the crowd that was observing them, he answered quickly. “Where? In heaven, of course.” “And have you been up there?” “Whether I’ve been or not, every one knows that you must pray to God.” “No one has ever seen God at any time. The only begotten Son who is in the bosom of the Father he hath declared him,” said the old man in the same rapid manner, and with a severe frown on his brow. “It’s clear you are not a Christian, but a hole worshipper. You pray to a hole,” said the driver, shoving the handle of his whip into his girdle, pulling straight the harness on one of the horses. Some one laughed. “What is your faith, Dad?” asked a middle-aged man, who stood by his cart on the same side of the raft. “I have no kind of faith, because I believe no one--no one but myself,” said the old man as quickly and decidedly as before. “How can you believe yourself?” Nekhludoff asked, entering into a conversation with him. “You might make a mistake.” “Never in your life,” the old man said decidedly, with a toss of his head. “Then why are there different faiths?” Nekhludoff asked. “It’s just because men believe others and do not believe themselves that there are different faiths. I also believed others, and lost myself as in a swamp,--lost myself so that I had no hope of finding my way out. Old believers and new believers and Judaisers and Khlysty and Popovitzy, and Bespopovitzy and Avstriaks and Molokans and Skoptzy--every faith praises itself only, and so they all creep about like blind puppies. There are many faiths, but the spirit is one--in me and in you and in him. So that if every one believes himself all will be united. Every one be himself, and all will be as one.” The old man spoke loudly and often looked round, evidently wishing that as many as possible should hear him. “And have you long held this faith?” “I? A long time. This is the twenty-third year that they persecute me.” “Persecute you? How?” “As they persecuted Christ, so they persecute me. They seize me, and take me before the courts and before the priests, the Scribes and the Pharisees. Once they put me into a madhouse; but they can do nothing because I am free. They say, ‘What is your name?’ thinking I shall name myself. But I do not give myself a name. I have given up everything: I have no name, no place, no country, nor anything. I am just myself. ‘What is your name?’ ‘Man.’ ‘How old are you?’ I say, ‘I do not count my years and cannot count them, because I always was, I always shall be.’ ‘Who are your parents?’ ‘I have no parents except God and Mother Earth. God is my father.’ ‘And the Tsar? Do you recognise the Tsar?’ they say. I say, ‘Why not? He is his own Tsar, and I am my own Tsar.’ ‘Where’s the good of talking to him,’ they say, and I say, ‘I do not ask you to talk to me.’ And so they begin tormenting me.”
“Too often the nature of my existence leaves me viewing paradise as a myth of the most fanciful sort instead of a reality of the most factual sort.”
“Real faith means having faith even when living in the dark and do not understand your God's plan.”
“Real faith means having faith even when you are living in the dark and do not understand your God's plan.”
“Faith is a fact but fact is not a faith.”
“Вірою вбивається всякий страх.”
“What if I’m wrong?” This is the question that runs through the mind of a skeptic. It’s important to go over the arguments and thought process time and time again, reaffirming that it’s logical, sound, evidenced, and is a proper conclusion to our observations and science. This is the seed that will eventually grow into a more proper faith.”
“When there is no faith, there is no conscience. When there is no conscience, there is no morality. When there is no morality, there is no humanity.”
“Watching the game in life is assuming that I cannot play the game, and so I will watch others do what in reality I could do if I simply dared to get out of the stands.”
“Each day of your life is filled with wonderful opportunities for joy. Life meets you where you are and waits for you to make the next step. Choose to reach for what you want most, and understand that any battle you may face is already won”
“In short, it is difficult to see any convincing evidence for anything that will replace religion in human affairs. Religion is a deeply human trait. The content of religion will surely change over the longer term, but, for better or for worse, it is likely to remain with us.”
“True faith is too serious to have room for the distraction of passion.”
“You are a bird and your faith and beliefs are the wings; fly high.”
“The Enochian Jews believed that humans could become angels. This conversion process was known as “resurrection”. When Enoch was transformed into an angel without dying, that was his transfiguration, that was his “resurrection.” The first Christians imagined that resurrection took place before their physical death and involved being taken up into the presence of God, i.e. becoming angels. Is that not the true meaning of the Rapture? Resurrection was a mystical experience, an enlightenment, an epiphany, an ascent to the throne of God and thus to the presence of the divine, and a transmutation into a son or daughter of God. So, resurrection did not originally mean reanimation after death. It meant being born again, being entered by the Spirit and raised up to an indestructible life   during life.”
“Aren't you  aren't you, like, a pastor or something?" "No, I'm someone with an idea. That's all." "Uh-huh. And rebuilding this church is your idea? Restoring faith?" "Yes, and providing access." Diego finished his beer. "To God?" "To faith. People don't lose faith, Diego. They're forced away from it. Ostracized from the very fabric of it. This place can change that.”
“Why should God indulge us to the point of ruin, since we are truly children, who lack the knowledge to ask for what is wholesome or cast aside what is harmful?”
“Never allow yourself to be a prisoner of your past sins; there is nothing that you did that GOD doesn't forgive.”
“At the end of our lives, our greatest regrets will be the God-ordained opportunities we left on the table, the God-given passions we didn't pursue, and the God-sized dreams we didn't go after because we let fear dictate our decisions.”
“As to the common people,   one has to be hard with them and see that they do their work and that under the threat of the sword and the law they comply with the observance of piety, just as you chain up wild beasts. All our experience with history should teach us, when we look back, how badly human wisdom is betrayed when it relies on itself. Reason is the greatest enemy that faith has; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things, but -- more frequently than not -- struggles against the divine Word, treating with contempt all that emanates from God. Reason should be destroyed in all Christians. Reason is the Devil's greatest whore; by nature and manner of being she is a noxious whore; she is a prostitute, the Devil's appointed whore; whore eaten by scab and leprosy who ought to be trodden under foot and destroyed, she and her wisdom   Throw dung in her face to make her ugly. She is and she ought to be drowned in baptism  She would deserve, the wretch, to be banished to the filthiest place in the house, to the closets.”
“Living by faith includes the call to something greater than cowardly self-preservation. It is the invitation to water the seed of courage found deep within your heart. Kurt Bruner’s and Jim Ware’s book from 2006, Finding God in the Lord of the Rings.”
“Hold fast to faith.”
“This was informal, like most things in Alaska. Something we’d noticed already in our brief stay. People wore the clothes that were most comfortable for them, and obviously, that wasn’t any different in Faith Hospital. They weren’t taken aback by my appearance or haphazard stop. The causal family atmosphere drew me in, and I prayed silently for God’s guidance.”
“Who does not want a life full of peace of mind, joy, and contentment, as well as success in work and relationships? It has been proven that all of this is in our minds, determined and shaped by the way we think. Therefore, think with love, trust, and faith, and you will find all that you desire manifested in your life.”
“Nothing you do now can undo what’s been done. You can’t change the past.”
“Nothing he faced was too difficult for God, and the Maker of the world already knew how Loren’s story would end. The thought offered a bit of bittersweet comfort. He didn’t want to die, but at least his future wasn’t haphazard—wasn’t unplanned or unknown to God.”
“Engage with the world and it will hone you, more connected and less frivolous.”
“You have that expression again.” “What expression?” “The one indicating you’re plotting someone’s demise.”
“There were some points when I felt like the least qualified person to lead this club.' 'Well, if you ask me, that makes you the most qualified.' 'Really? Why do you say that?' 'Because you’re humble, and God can usually work the most when we feel the least qualified.”
“Life is a crash test.”
“Meaningless thoughts come at a price.”
“Though I’m curious as hell, I’m also afraid of what the answer might be.”
“SMILE! You are NOT on camera!”
“Sometimes what tortures us is in our own mind.”
“You’re such a snob, bragging with that infinite knowledge you uploaded into your brain.”
“I don’t cotton to half-dead young men being brought here. That usually means trouble is on its way.”
“When you are certain about your next moves, and aware of your surroundings, anxiety fades away.”
“I could steal words from my idol, Echo lyrics of a vinyl, But I have this feeling since we first met, That the right words haven’t been written yet.”
“He comes closer and embraces me, which soon turns into a lingering bear hug.”
“I slide my head down to find rest on his shoulder.”
“A crush for whom I’m saving my first kiss.”
“Making the news anchor resemble a puppet, if the puppeteer sucks at his job.”
“I will not blink. I will not be intimidated.”
“I still haven’t had the courage to ask him whether the Bible glorified slavery, but thinking about the Bible and slavery, if I have to be honest with myself, has not been good for my mental health, and the most psychologically logical thing to do would probably be to prevent or eliminate what is being detrimental to my mental health. Still, as a Christian, I know I was raised to be softer on the Bible than I would be if I simply stayed true purely to my ideals (which could either have subscribed to atheism or agnosticism if I hadn’t been raised to be a Christian). Still, there were times when I used my dedication and faith to the Bible in a way that has shown that the Bible is not as fatalistic, science-hating, and misogynistic as it appears to be…”
“Behind every act of obedience there is an open door”
“Don’t you get it? Nobody belongs.” She leaned toward me, her green eyes thoughtful now, her fingers pulling at the hem of her nightshirt. “We like to think we do. We set ourselves up in families and communities and clubs and castes, and we think that’s going to make us feel less lonely. But it doesn’t. Because nobody on this earth is going to truly understand you. You’ll never belong anywhere. The only person you belong to is God. And the only place you will belong is heaven. And until you realize that, Meryn, you won’t be happy anywhere.”
“Mighty faith is essential for the fulfillment of the divine mission.”
“Faith for today, hope for tommorrow, strength for the journey, joy everlasting…”
“Faith is the finest thing.”
“Dear God, Having you in my life gives me peace. Situations in my life created by others, at times, places anger in my mind, and sometime hurt in my heart. With you in my life, these situations allow me to be a calmer person. You have a way of giving me strength to handle these situations so much better than I’ve done in the past.”
“Faith is a creative force.”
“God asks questions too.”
“Curiosity will free you to live in the mystery of God's love.”
“Love brings Faith and Hope back to a person.”
“EMBRACE THE NOW”
“They say my future is my choice, but it doesn’t feel like that.”
“Were you born to obey?”
“I guess life is made of choices. We just make what seems to be the best decision at any given moment.”
“Life cannot be a fun ride for everyone.”
“Have you ever reached a truly quiet state of mind?”
“Even though my analysis is inconclusive, I decide to go with my gut on this one.”
“What could be sillier than having an imaginary boyfriend?”
“I still have doubts about it, but I don’t want her to know.”
“Who decided being eighteen years old was the perfect time to make this kind of decision, anyway?”
“Even though we don’t speak the same language, at this moment, we understand each other.”
“I look at him and see confidence. Well, okay. First, I see muscles, then…”
“People don’t argue to find out the truth anymore. People will settle for winning momentary discussions, never minding the nuances within every topic they superficially defend with indomitable passion.”
“I guess every friendship has its ups and downs.”
“I try to curb my happiness, but a timid smile finds its way out still.”
“Time should never be killed, time must always be enjoyed.”
“Say anything else with that accent, and you can take me wherever you want ”
“He makes a sharp maneuver, trying to hold my wrist for a better grip, but he fails.”
“I’ve had the whole world at my disposal, The seven wonders for my rehearsal, But that was not enough, It’s tough to describe you.”
“You do not bother to think about the past or the future. Now is what really matters.”
“Shouldn’t plans be constantly under review?”
“Democracy is not a shouting competition!”
“Sometimes, I witness moments of such outstanding beauty that I keep them to myself. Not as an act of greed. I— I just think my description would never do them justice.”
“Just be clear about your question, and I will give you the answer you are looking for.”
“Eventually, they shrug their shoulders and go away, back to minding their own lives.”
“It depends on whether you seek to live your own life or somebody else’s.”
“My eyes tremble while my lips fight to hold the words that i'm too afraid to say”
“Despite how hard I try to hide, my whole face gathers in a coup to let him know how much I fancy him.”
“Lucky for him, my lips are not smiling alone.”
“I hug him hard, trying to wordlessly ask for forgiveness.”
“He allows us to walk through the fire, but He is always holding our hand through that fire.”
“You cannot negotiate with pain. You simply have to accept it. When you accept Life for what it is, and accept pain for the way it is, you discover inner peace, contentment and Happiness.”
“The worst that things get, the greater the opportunity to best the worst.”
“There is nothing sure about love. Do you think love will protect you when the Fjerdans come to capture the Stormwitch?” She didn’t. But maybe she wanted to believe there was more to life than fear and being feared.”
“Just leave the bedroom and live your life!”
“OPTIMIZE YOUR MIND”
“I’ve been saving my thoughts for years, bound by the promise of a vast array of alternatives, only to find out my subservience is doomed to last forever, because my future is being forced to follow a path drawn by them.”
“It is by your faith that you can stand firm.”
“Thorns make the pedestrian, Roses make rosary. Action builds the world, Imagination treats anxiety.”
“Imagination that electrifies the feet is most righteous. But the moment stagnation sets in, all comfort must be crushed.”
“God can't forget you; it will cost Him too much. To forget you is to forget everything and everyone else connected to you.”
“Without the interior light of grace I would have undoubtedly pitied myself, but in the midst of darkness I found myself divinely illumined.”
“It is important to understand that most of us do not think about the world in the way we do because we have reasoned from first principles to a comprehensive understanding of the cosmos. Rather, we generally operate on the basis of intuitions that we have often unconsciously absorbed from the culture around us.”
“It's a brave person who can admit that they are ready to fulfil their destiny.”
“Finally, we cannot effectively deal with the problems of the religious freedom crisis and aggressive states until we create enclaves of democracy, resilient societies and coalitions to strike at the heart of inequality and injustice by inviting everyone to play their part.”
“Obedience can cost you your life or give you life, you choose”
“I realized that, by shying away from my accomplishment, I had been making the same mistake that is made by people who question whether or not they should wear hijab--avoiding a good deed because they are not perfect in other ways. The same goes for any act of religious devotion. We allow ourselves to get deterred from doing good because we are not good enough. If we say that out loud, it sounds absurd. And yet we do it. It is one of Satan's favorite tricks to steer someone off the path who cannot be tricked with other transgressions.”
“Do not confuse fact with faith.”
“Faith is a fact but fact is never faith.”
“Faith does not require understanding. Many times, we trust God only when we understand what He is doing, but whatever God is doing, it does not need to make sense to us for it to make sense to God.”
“I wasn’t there. I don’t know what happened. I am no expert on the beginning of literal time. All I know is  there was a world before this current world began a long long long time ago. Let’s figure out piece by piece what could have happened up in Heaven all before Day 1 officially began.”
“Faith without the sacraments is a sky without the sun.”
“Sometimes when people’s faith changes, so must their church.”
“Everything in Life happens in its own time and at its own pace. When you understand this truth about Life, you will realize that keeping the faith and being patient are key to being happy with what is, in the now.”
“To believe is to love one another.”
“Please always remember you only live once. Nothing has meaning without life.”
“Abide with me; fast falls the eventide; The darkness deepens; Lord with me abide. When other helpers fail and comforts flee, Help of the helpless, O abide with me. Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day; Earth's joys grow dim; its glories pass away; Change and decay in all around I see; O Thou who changest not, abide with me.”
“True: The popular idea of God cannot rescue you from the perils of everyday living. For instance, besides being careful with so many other things, you still have to tie your camel, lock your car and, of course, watch over your mobile phone. But faith, in a higher energy, in the process of Life, is an amazing tool. It helps you cope better with complex situations. It may not help you solve your problems immediately. But it can surely help you last longer, so that you can work harder at finding solutions to your problems. Faith also helps immensely in dealing with imponderable, inscrutable, Life situations when no human logic really works. Let’s say you have locked your car and stepped on to the road; and just then an earthquake strikes. Don’t you think it is still possible that you may want to look up at the sky: And pray that you are not swallowed by the earth!? Or, simply, surrender to the process of Life!?”
“Never give up your pursuit for success even when the obvious defy the odds.”
“In the quiet of the day I connect with and strengthen my faith and reflect on and assess my progress in being and becoming who I was created to be and be becoming.”
“When something terrible happens, people respond to it in two ways. Either they lose their faith in God altogether, or they start believing in him even more.”
“It would be good if peer review actually worked, if it actually challenged and questioned what scientists write. Did you know that the Koran is peer reviewed by 100% of Muslims and always receives a 100% pass mark? Funny that! Who in their right mind would claim that peer review is an intrinsic good? Nobel laureate Max Planck said that science progressed funeral by funeral. So much for peer review. You actually need the peer reviewers to die before new ideas can be entertained! Peer reviewers are in fact the midwit, careerist paradigm enforcers. They shut down all new thinking.”
“The blind faith of science is that empiricism is right and everything else – including rationalism – is wrong. Science makes no attempt to defend this position. It does not engage in any debate. No scientists enter into any discussion with philosophers. Science simply assumes the correctness of empiricism. It takes it as an absolute fact that empiricism is right, in no need of any kind of justification. Scientists, those that can be bothered to think about the basis of science at all (and there are very few such scientists – they nearly all belong to the Shut Up and Calculate gang) – will typically talk of science relying on falsification principles and verification principles. Unfortunately for scientists, the falsification principle can’t be falsified, hence is false in its own terms, and the verification principle can’t be verified, hence is false in its own terms. Hardly the basis of a coherent system!”
“My child, this world is a new place, and strange, and often terrible: but be not afraid. All will come right at last. Rest will conquer Restlessness; Faith will conquer Fear; Order will conquer Disorder; Health will conquer Sickness; Joy will conquer Sorrow; Pleasure will conquer Pain; Life will conquer Death; Right will conquer Wrong. All will be well at last. Keep your soul and body pure, humble, busy, pious—in one word, be good: and ere you die, or after you die, you may have some glimpse of Me, the Everlasting Why: and hear with the ears, not of your body but of your spirit, men and all rational beings, plants and animals, ay, the very stones beneath your feet, the clouds above your head, the planets and the suns away in farthest space, singing eternally, ‘Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power, for Thou hast created all things, and for Thy pleasure they are and were created.”
“Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.”
“A healthy faith empowers you by giving a sense of meaning and purpose to go out and be good and do good in the world. A cult does the opposite. A cult robs you of any agency and power you might have outside the group.”
“A life without God is worthless".”
“Faith, in a strange twist of fate, is what make predictions come true.”
“Oh how the scientific multitudes rejoiced when they discovered that they could dispense with the old God and replace it with their new God – randomness. To every problem, the scientists gleefully clapped their hands and yelled, with all the enthusiasm of the multitudes crowding into the Vatican on Easter Sunday, “Randomness did it.” And they believed it with all the fervor of the Catholic Crusaders who chanted as their battle cry Deus vult (“God wills it”). Scientists are as convinced by randomness – the absence of explanation – as the Crusaders were by their Christian God, a totally empty explanation.”
“Like the Christian Second Coming, science’s promissory materialism is never delivered, and, like the Second Coming, it will never be delivered, yet science’s believers go on believing, just as Christian believers go on believing.”
“Science is to mathematics as Protestantism is to Catholicism, an irrational protest against reason, based on faith.”
“Never hide behind the blasphemy of lies.”
“It was losing faith that got easy.”
“Praying in tongues is the portal entry into the supernatural realm”
“Don't doubt.”
“In other words, it should be understood that we [Christians] take this question of truth and personality so seriously that if God were not there, we would be among the first to have the courage to step out of the queue.”
“I’ll hold you steady, keep a firm grip on you.” Jennifer states out loud, a large Bible opened in front of her. She turns the page and speaks again. “Don’t fret or worry. Instead of worrying, pray. Let God know your concerns.” I can’t listen to this! When did she start reading this book? Why is she smiling? What is this power these words have on her?”
“The biblical Christian says that, on the side of personality, man can know God truly, though he cannot know God exhaustively.”
“Praying in tongues enlarges your capacity to understand, appreciate, access and appropriate deep secrets and mysteries in God.”
“We must, however, reaffirm what we know to be true, even when we don't feel it to be true. This will help us to live more by faith than by feelings.”
“Mr. Lincoln’s faith in God was qualified by a very well-founded distrust of the wisdom of man.”
“Love and romance are higher, not lower, for not being subject solely to science and math, and so, too, is the goal of our search for faith and meaning.”
“Lies will cost the truth its happiness.”
“When you pray in tongues regularly, God will give you prayer points in understanding (via dreams and visions) that you will have to pray according to scriptures and also in tongues.”
“Faith is not just a matter of hope and optimism; it's a matter of courage. It's the courage to believe that God will do what He said He would do, the courage to make peace with being misjudged when others don't understand the path you're on, and the courage to stick with it, even when you don't understand the details yourself.”
“I believe that the healing for everything that’s ever been broken in my life was on its way long before the brokenness thought that it had its way.”
“Man can obtain righteous only by faith in a righteous God.”
“I believe in harmony that is to come and bestow all of us with peace and love. And let ourselves be guided by the calmness emanating from the soul of our ancestors.”
“We, who do not believe what these women believe, but who, like them, live by faith, have never been able to contemplate without a kind of compassionate and religious anguish, a kind of pity full of envy, those devout, quaking, trusting creatures, those humble, noble souls who dare to live on the very brink of mystery, waiting, between the world on which they have closed the door and a heaven that remains unopen, turned towards the invisible light with the sole joy of thinking they know where it is, aspiring to the abyss and the unknown, their eyes fixed on the still darkness, kneeling, overwhelmed, amazed, trembling, half raised at times by the deep breaths of eternity.”
“Worship time. The wheel of time is constantly moving. And as the wheel turns, everything, and everyone, changes.”
“Your worst fears are just that, fears. All you know, all you have done is always there with you, will always be so. Nothing is lost when you leap--jump in-- with openness to the great whatever.”
“Fly, even if for just a moment. You may land somewhere different. You may land somewhat different. Leap.”
“This is not an easy time But tell me—tell me here, with all we know upended: What has real meaning and value for you? Right now? What is worth your time and love, your self-investment, No matter what the morrow brings?”
“This is not an easy time, love, and yet … In order to leap and land, you must leap, And in that moment of leaping, there may be No solid ground, no safety rail, But in that moment you fly.”
“The truest of all men was the Man of Sorrows, and the truest of all books is Solomon's, and Ecclesiastes is the fine hammered steel of woe.”
“Приймати допомогу, що йде від любові, - це було одне з найправильніших рішень за час лікування.”
“Prayers only help the person doing the praying.”
“For the thoughtful believer, then, there is nothing more certain than the reality of uncertainty, nothing more natural than doubt, which is perhaps thirty seconds younger than faith itself (And even that approximation may be giving faith too much of a headstart).”
“Please not to laugh at me. God must matter terribly to men when they are lying bleeding to death in the snow. The memory of the laughter of friends and the tinkle of glasses doesn't help them when one is alone for the last time in pain and with final knowledge of the purpose of life.”
“Is there nay great god like our glorious GOD.”
“I like the word Faith, faith in God, in yourself, in your family. It's such an important thing to believe in something these days.”
“But all of us have or will have something difficult happen in our lives. And sometimes you need to just believe. Believe in something bigger than yourself. Believe in something good lurking around the corner. Believe that after you close your eyes and wake up in the morning, it just might be all right.”
“Faith is not an emotion. It is an intentional submission and obedience to the sovereignty of God.”
“Hope is durable, even when I’m not.”
“A life of faith is one where we finally acknowledge that our compass never had a needle. And once we begrudgingly acknowledge that, we eventually own up to the fact that we never had a compass to put one in.”
“Don't you know God makes us strong? He didn't create us to be completely independent, but interdependent. That's why he gave us families. That's why he gave us friends. That's why he gave us himself.”
“I only need repent, they say, and I will go to heaven and live for evermore in the blessed company of the saints. And I would rather burn till time itself burns out.”
“I killed that ship’s crew to save myself having to kill hundreds of other Danes.” “The Lord Jesus would have wanted you to show mercy,” she said, her eyes wide. She is an idiot.”
“Ми не знаємо, що буде з нами за годину, за рік, п’ять або двадцять п’ять років. Усі під небом. Так, і воно часто дає сигнали, але щастя залежить тільки від нас самих, ні від кого більше. Живіть на повну. Ризикуйте, закохуйтеся, подорожуйте, цінуйте й перестаньте зважати на те, що думають про вас ті, хто не заслуговує й на мить ваших думок. Позбудь­теся токсичних людей навколо. Відпустіть тих, хто зневірює. Оточіть себе тими, хто любить і дбає . Не відкладайте на завтра можливість бути щасливими. Приймайте себе такими, якими ви є. Любіть  Рак — дурак. Але він навчив мене любити і боротися. У кожного своя історія боротьби із цим недугом. Мені пощастило його здолати. Комусь — ні. Хвороба не обирає. Лікування не зав­жди ефективне. Але те, що знаю напевно: ви ніколи не зможете здолати рак, якщо опустите руки. Не відкладайте життя на потім. Живіть кожен день, як останній. А небо  Небо зав­жди за нас!”
“Хірурги часто розповідають, що їм доводиться робити людям боляче, щоб ті жили. Я думаю, що так само часом доводиться говорити одне одному правду, щоб жити далі.”
“Let love be the highest opinion, Let love be the supreme belief. Without love all growth is decay, Without love don't even breathe.”
“Be brave enough to belittle your belief, before you belittle a person.”
“True repentance makes us inwardly humble and visibly reformed and it indicates that our faith is genuine.”
“Too often we have stripped our single greatest asset of its power and hobbled it to the degree that it has come to be viewed only as a pathetic last resort. Yet despite our incessant meddling, this asset nonetheless remains a first resort so potent that it never needs a last one. And that asset is prayer.”
“Thoughts never go to sleep; only man.”
“Praying in tongues gives God legal access to move mysteriously and miraculously in your life in a way that will render the plans of the enemy null, void, ineffective and inoperative.”
“Faith is about faithfulness of God.”
“The cure for anxiety and fear, is to stop worrying and start having Faith.”
“Fear is nothing but an opportunity to practice Faith.”
“Always believe in God, for it is the surest path to victory".”
“But it is when we are not ourselves that believing in the impossible - in the unseen - becomes most vital. We must believe in something beyond you or I.”
“And I looked out for miracles, complained that I did not see a miracle which would convince me. A material miracle would have persuaded me. And here is a miracle, the sole miracle possible, continually existing, surrounding me on all sides, and I never noticed it!”
“That was his senior year,” Jonah said. “He was such a handsome young man. Destined for greatness. It’s hard to live with all the sadness and anger that erupts when a tragic thing happens, like what took my Jacob.”
“Having humanity and humility make me think of helping others. Having greed and an ego make me think of buying a bigger mirror.”
“Păcate-avui cumplite-n viața mea, Dar largi sunt brațele eternei Mile, Încât cuprind pe oricâți se întorc la ea.”
“Happy is he alone, to whom the Lord imputeth not sin. To have Him propitious to me, against whom alone I have sinned, suffices for all my righteousness. If my iniquity is great, Thy grace is much greater. When my soul is troubled at the view of its sinfulness, I look at Thy mercy , and am refreshed. It is a common good ; is offered to all ; and he only who rejects it, is deprived of its benefits. Let him rejoice who feels himself a wretch deserving of perpetual damnation ; for the grace of Jesus exceeds the number of all crimes. There is no sin greater than to despair of the forgiveness of sin ; for God is kind and merciful, ready to forgive.”
“What I didn’t realize then was that an upgraded version of my life would require an upgraded version of me.”
“Your awakening to live a different life can be right now, today, simply because you don’t like where you’re headed. That is enough. So, can your rock bottom be right here? Right now?”
“My mission is to snap you out of complacency and mediocrity, to help you see that God wants more for you.”
“There’s a simple reason why people don’t get involved with reason, logic and mathematics. They find these extremely difficult. There’s a simple reason why people get involved with faith, prayer, mysticism, meditation and mindfulness: they’re easy! Anyone can do them.”
“Once you start having faith in yourself, and once you start believing that you deserve better, it will happen. In turn, the more you have faith, the more will happen, and eventually faith is all you will go by.”
“Without humanity, all prayer is pestilence, all policy is fallacy, all law is lethargy.”
“There is no freedom like faith.”
“Ilmu dan seni tanpa agama, jadinya tabu. Agama dan seni tanpa ilmu, jadinya ragu. Agama dan ilmu tanpa seni, jadinya kaku. Tabu, ragu, kaku”
“Saudariku, bermimpilah yang hebat, jangan mau mimpi yang biasa-biasa. Karena Kuasa Tuhan kita luar biasa. Jangan punya mimpi yang rendah, karena itu berarti keyakinan kita pada Kuasa Tuhan juga rendah.”
“Faith by its specific nature is an encounter with the living God—an encounter opening up new horizons extending beyond the sphere of reason. But it is also a purifying force for reason itself. From God's standpoint, faith liberates reason from its blind spots and therefore helps it to be ever more fully itself. Faith enables reason to do its work more effectively and to see its proper object more clearly. This is where Catholic social doctrine has its place: it has no intention of giving the Church power over the State. Even less is it an attempt to impose on those who do not share the faith ways of thinking and modes of conduct proper to faith. Its aim is simply to help purity reason and to contribute, here and now, to the acknowledgment and attainment of what is just.”
“The Bible might say things that are hard to embrace at times. But to not embrace them is certain to make life hard all of the time.”
“Whatever it is that stands between us and the Savior, no matter how small or trivial it may seem, is too much. He wants us, all of us, to be His. He asks for our whole heart in order for us to have all that is His.”
“Trusting God means that whether or not things work out, especially when things don’t work out, He is still the one you turn to in the end.”
“The Devil wants to hurt us, and if he can't take our lives, he will try to take our peace  I had to choose faith over fear  Joy is found in God and his good plans for me. Looking for the joy takes my focus off all the things that make me anxious. But it wasn't easy then, and it still takes work now.”
“Fără credința în Cristos niciun muritor nu a fost drept, nici nu este, nici nu va putea fi vreodată.”
“I’ve mastered the art of silence but this doesn’t mean that their noise doesn’t infuriate me. It does but it cannot deracinate my peace of mind now. To be exact, I still have an active volcano within me but now I can easily neutralize it too and sit all alone for hours, gazing up at the clouds of ashes floating past the moon, listening to the chirping of night birds.”
“Hold on to anything, just anything. Don’t give up. There is still plenty of time for a miracle to happen in your life.”
“We will keep on planting flowers until spring is ours.”
“The Christian with depth is the person who has failed and who has learned to live with it.”
“The mature Christians I have met along the way are those who have failed and have learned to live gracefully with their failure. Faithfulness requires the courage to risk everything on Jesus, the willingness to keep growing, and the readiness to risk failure throughout our lives.”
“I think about all my patients who've died. Older people, most of them. But not all. Looking back, I try to remember if the young ones were marked somehow. Whether they might have done something to bring their fates down on themselves. But they didn't, Danny. One day God or Fate just said, 'I will not let you be happy. I will not give you children. I will not let you breathe another day. I will take away your ability to move."'" "Warren-" "No, listen. This is important. I've tried to believe, all my life. To have faith that there was justice in life, some larger plan or meaning. But I can't do it any more. I've watched some of the best people I ever met get crippled or taken before they reached thirty, forty, whatever. Babies, too. I've watched babies die of leuke mia. I've watched infants die from infections, bleeding from their eyes and ears. Terrible birth defects I look for a reason, a pattern, anything that might justify all that. But nothing does. Nothing does. Until I got sick myself, I played the same game of denial that all doctors do. But, Danny, my cancer ripped the scales from my eyes. I go to these funerals and listen to smug preachers telling grieving people that God has a plan. Well, that's a lie. All my life I've followed the rules. I've toed the line, given to the less fortunate, followed the Commandments . . . and it hasn't mattered one bit. And don't tell me about Job, okay? If you tell me God is testing me by killing me  that's like saying we had to destroy a village in order to save it. It's a cruel joke that we play on ourselves. And don't tell me it's all made right in the afterlife, because you know what? The agony of one infant dying senselessly mocks all the golden trumpets of heaven. I don't want to sit at the right hand of a God who can torture children, or even one who sits by and allows them to be tortured. Free will, my ass. I made no choice to die at thirty seven. This one's on God's account, Major. We look for meaning where there is none, because we're too afraid to accept randomness. Well, I've accepted it. Embraced it, even. And once you do that, the world just doesn't look the same anymore.”
“I daresay anything can be made holy by being sincerely worshipped.”
“What if every dream you ever dreamt was a part of a dream that you're living? To my Smiling Soul, If there is one thing I have learnt over Time that stands solid and can pass the test of Time in every Universe then that is the Strength of our Soul when we live through the Smile of our Heart. It doesn't matter, how much time goes by, how many detours or losses fell on your path, as long as you stand your ground, as long as you don't let regret or failure to get the better of you, you win, you walk with slow but steady steps knowing there is someone watching over you, holding onto integrity and grace. You remember to bury your pain, your loss, your sorrow and plant a seed of Love instead with a Hope that someday, Somewhere in some corner of this Universe you will find your due, something that only He alone can give you, something that is yours, entirely yours. Until then, keep reminding the world that a Unicorn doesn't need to be a lion or a wolf in the wilderness of Life. - your Smiling Dream To every Dreamer, keep weaving that halo of dream for you never know where you might end up in the Smile of Time, because Life knows exactly the Dream that Life weaves around us. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“But there’s Moses standing still, attentive to God, arms stretched out cruciform—and God, in a tempest of love, with a blast of His nostrils, splits the sea in two to make a way out of bondage and into bonding, and the people of God reject the notion of drowning in fear, the paralysis of questioning, the bitterness of feeling abandoned, and they walk one fierce faithing step after the other, deep faith calling for deep waters, and you only find a way through waves when your faith, your trust, your relying, isn’t as fickle as waves but is in the Way Himself.”
“It's unwise to make plans based on hope. In business, prudence is greater than hope and strategy is greater than wishing. Be ambitious, make your affirmations, and have faith - but also be prudent and practical.”
“Where there is no truth there can be no faith.”
“But God lasts when everything else is gone. What shall we do if he is not our friend?”
“I longed with all my soul to be good, but I was young; I had passions and I as alone, completely alone, in my search for goodness. Every time I tried to display my innermost desires - a wish to be morally good - I met with contempt and scorn, and as soon as I gave in to the base desires I was praised and encouraged. Ambition, lust for power, self-interest, lechery, pride, anger, revenge, were all respected qualities. As I yielded to these passions I became like my elders and I felt that they were pleased with me.”
“A wise man may choose to or not to speak, but he always listens.”
“No matter our faith, we are all here on this earth for a reason and as such, we should act as one. Not with greed, but compassion and understanding. We should also learn that we are all different and do not all have the same looks, but we should also learn that we all suffer; we all bleed; we all want the same things for our children. And it is this last reason why we should adopt change. Not to further our beliefs, but to further the lives of our children. No god will come and aid us when we are too stubborn and set in our ways to change for the better. Greed will not feed your children, but the earth will if we let her. So I ask you this; "What will you give up so that your children may live in this world?" You do not need to give up your faith, but you will need to give up your greed.”
“There is a life of iron and a life of silver. Today we are in the life of iron. We must be strong.”
“I can put a whole lot of miles on my soul by running ‘to’ something or running ‘from’ something. But resting ‘in’ something is a whole lot easier on the tires.”
“I am not talking here about some lazy faith, where we resign ourselves to the tragic splittings in our lives with an upward turn of the hands or a vicious beating of our breasts. I am talking about believing that we have the power to actually transform our experience, change our lives, save our lives. Otherwise, why this book? It is the faith of activists I am talking about.”
“Beauty arrests our attention to look upward. It reminds us that there are things in life, such as love and the divine, that we long for so ardently we know ---even if we only know it for a fleeting moment---that our yearnings are far deeper than our eyes can see. And that's what faith is, I think." William situated his elbow against the ground and propped his fist against his cheek. "That's really profound." "Thank you," Eliza smiled. "That's why I like to include bluebirds in my paintings. They're a reminder that while beauty may be fickle in its coming and going, there's a permanence in the impression it leaves on our hearts. There are roots growing within us that sustain its wings. And maybe that , really, makes beauty the greatest witness to glory there is.”
“Eu nu caut să înțeleg pentru a crede, ci eu cred pentru a înțelege.”
“Se vede bine că niciodată binelui nu-i va lipsi răsplata și răului pedeapsa.”
“Când va veni ziua răsplătirii, singurul nostru regret va fi acela că am făcut prea puțin pentru El.”
“Every business always need a powerful employer who have faith in his or her worthy people. Inversely, all employees no doubtable keep faith on their employer for worthy results.”
“Give me great sinners to make great saints; they are glorious raw material for grace to work upon; and when you do get them saved, they will shake the very gates of hell. The ringleaders in Satan’s camp make noble sergeants in the camp of Christ. These bravest of the brave are they.”
“Credința este lumina lui Dumnezeu care luminează înăuntrul omului.”
“We are so caught up in our greed, egos and bickering that we have forgotten that it is us who is a visitor to this home of ours. You should always respect another person's home and faith.”
“This today, just as in earlier times, religious teaching, which is accepted on trust and sustained by external pressure, gradually weakens under the influence of knowledge and experience of life that stands in opposition to the religious doctrines; a person can go on living for a long time imagining that the body of religious instruction imparted to him when he was a child is still there, whereas it has in fact disappeared without leaving a trace.”
“I longed with all my soul to be good, but I was young; I had passions and I was alone, completely alone, in my search for goodness. Every time I tried to display my innermost desires - a wish to be morally good - I met with contempt and scorn, and as soon as I gave in to the base desires I was praised and encouraged. Ambition, lust for power, self-interest, lechery, pride, anger, revenge, were all respected qualities. As I yielded to these passions I became like my elders and I felt that they were pleased with me.”
“Not everything is about religion. Sometimes it's about life.”
“One should never confuse religion and faith because they are both different. One is man-made and the other comes from the heart in what we believe.”
“Then his voice, though mild, pierced to the center, and his words, ‘I am thy fellow-servant,’ dispelled every fear. We listened—we gazed—we admired! ’Twas the voice of an angel from glory—’twas a message from the Most High! and as we heard we rejoiced, while his love enkindled upon our souls, and we were wrapt in the vision of the Almighty! Where was room for doubt? No where; uncertainty had fled, doubt had sunk, no more to rise, while fiction and deception had fled forever!”
“A mindset is all that you need if you wish to grow strong.”
“After all, the best self-development book I’ve ever read is the Bible.”
“What if Jesus was (and still is) the best businessman to ever exist? His business is saving people, and thousands of years later, His legacy and His business of saving people are still up and running. It truly is impressive.”
“I’m giving you full permission to be a hot mess and a masterpiece all at the same time.”
“within you there is a power you haven’t tapped into yet. Within you is a potential you haven’t even scratched the surface of. But aren’t you sick of living in your potential and not living out your potential?”
“The BOLD life is a way of life, the way you walk your journey. The BOLD life is not a destination”
“Living the BOLD life isn’t a trick or a hack or one change you need to make. It’s a campaign consisting of hard work, dedication, discipline, sacrifice, improvement, and belief.”
“God doesn’t place you where you feel comfortable, He places you where He knows you’ll grow! So welcome to the work.”
“But before we can treat, we must believe. Believe all is not lost for you and me and our society. Believe in the possibility that we can strive to be antiracist from this day forward. Believe in the possibility that we can transform our societies to be antiracist from this day forward. Racist power is not godly. Racist policies are not indestructible. Racial inequities are not inevitable. Racist ideas are not natural to the human mind.”
“Faith is, above all, openness - an act of trust in the unknown.”
“Dear God, We have failed you, we have failed you miserably. From eating animals to becoming animals, from cutting trees to cutting our conscience we have failed you. Your Kindness saved us time and again and You out of your most benevolent mercy tried to show us that Humanity means Humility, that we Your dear creation is capable of so much of Love and Grace after all You made us with your Light, that this world can always come back to Love, that Fear can always be overcome by Kindness, that Strength is always embedded within, that Courage lies in Forgiveness, yet did we listen in with our hearts? Perhaps, perhaps not. You sent us a pandemic to teach us the value of lives and how You United this world and healed this Earth through suffering yet did we learn the value of lives? No, we failed. There is a war going on in a beautiful country, and an economic meltdown in another, and so many other nations are fighting their own unknown battles just like every human being, and yet we fail to tickle our conscience, we fail to see how we have literally ruined this world and made demons out of your beautiful creation of humankind succombing to greed, lust and anger, oh how we have failed! We have failed in absolute disgrace where we don't see the tears of children, the lost smiles of our fellow neighbours and the numb dreams of almost everyone because we have locked the doors of our heart in false pictures of camouflaged pleasures, we indeed have failed you, we have failed us. Yet Your kindness knows no bound, your Love is infinite and your Grace is eternal, forgive us, dear Father and grant us, this Humankind the knowledge and understanding to act as Humans again. Fill those angry hearts with healing, those hurt souls with the grace of forgiveness and above all let your world know your true Nature by giving the strength of Courage in those hearts who walk in your Light, to stand by what is right without the shackles of Fear. Oh, the Kindest of All, may You strengthen the Truth and lead the Light bearers of Love ahead through Your Mercy to win over a world that is slowly crawling into a deep cavern of Hate, a world that was once created to nourish and nurture the different faces of Love, a world that is failing and falling frail in every passing moment, You alone are our only Hope. We know we have failed you miserably and as we keep failing you, I know more than ever that Your Grace will find us through and once again You will save us, because we may fail as children but You won't fail your children as the most Loving Father. - a soul traveling through this beautiful Universe of your making.”
“Trust and faith; invisible yet invincible; take ages.”
“If you take a neuroscientific approach to rewiring your brain, then it requires you to stop remembering, retelling, reiterating, and maybe even repeating the past. It demands that you remember something new.”
“The fact is, Jesus was the greatest human being who ever lived, and if all we have to look forward to in life is the frustration of trying to be someone we are not, then we've got better ways of enjoying the interval between birth and death. But the "good news" is that Jesus /doesn't/ want us to be "like" Him. He wants to share His resurrection life with us. He doesn't want us to imitate Him; instead, Christ, the Unspeakable Gift, wants to live in and through us.”
“The very last thing on earth to be is depressed simply because your life does not seem like the rest.”
“The greatest gift you can give a person is a piece of mind; knowing their not alone during their struggles. That you’ll be right there beside them and prayer is coming their way. It’s always that spark of faith that will raise a person up, and gives them strength during life’s challenges.”
“Stuck between the most confused, and least ignorant. You’d think that’d be a contradiction, yet here I am, living this way despite your preconceived notion of that kind of an oxymoron. I live in defiance of what you think – and it is torture.”
“And how shall we know the will of God?" St. Francis answered, "By the token I shall show thee: wherefore I command thee   thou shalt turn round and round as children do, and shalt not cease turning until I bid thee." Then Friar Masseo began to turn round and round, and continued so long that by reason of giddiness which is wont to be begotten by such turning , he fell many times to the ground ”
“What of fidelity and loyalty? Complete trust? Faith is not granted by tangible proof. It comes from the heart and the soul. If a person needs proof of a god's existence, then the very notion of spirituality is diminished into sensuality and we have reduced what is holy into what is logical. -Drizzt Do'Urden”
“Life and love generate effort, but effort will not generate them. Faith - in life, in other people, and in oneself - is the attitude of allowing the spontaneous to be spontaneous, in its own way and in its own time.”
“I find my mom praying a lot more. She always has her Bible nearby. That light seems to be back in my mom’s eyes . . . as if she’s living for some renewed purpose. As if something was missing this entire time, and she’s finally found it.”
“Your Dream is like the star in the sky. It is just a fraction compared to who you are.”
“A relationship lasts in faith.”
“We can either wait for salvation and die wondering or we can create our own and live knowing.”
“We need to look beyond the horizon to see the world as a whole.”
“If you incite hatred and violence in the name of blasphemy, then you are the one with no faith in your religion or gods and most importantly, no faith in your faith. Remember: He who has an open mind and an open heart has faith within himself and faith in his faith.”
“If you have faith, where then is the blasphemy?”
“Faith isn't knowledge, Rachel. Faith is a tool. Faith keeps us going until we get the knowledge. Faith keeps us striving until we reach the consequences of our most important decisions”
“There is a strangely softening power in the blood of Christ. The fabled Medusa's head was said to turn every one who looked upon it into stone ; but the Cross and the Holy Sufferer upon it is a sight that converts the beholder from stone into flesh. (270)”
“You can't question my faith, but you can question your understanding.”
“Truth lays in the heart of the believer.”
“Truth lies within every thought.”
“You are the destiny within the flame.”
“Words are a landscape of virtue.”
“Faith opens up my heart like the flowers flirt with the sun and the sky rains pearls to my soul”
“For the Christian, hope begins by recognizing the utter hopelessness of our condition and the necessity of divine intervention, if we are to experience true joy. Any personal change that can be achieved solely through human, in contrast to supernatural, intervention will neither satisfy nor change our heart. A proper focus on the deep wound is therefore neither negative nor does it promote despair. Rather, it sets the stage for the dramatic work of God.”
“Western science has been our god. In the variety of its power it has preserved, comforted, healed, warmed, fed and entertained us and we have felt free to criticize and occasionally reject it as men have always rejected their gods, but in the knowledge that, despite our apostasy, this deity, our creature and our slave, would still provide for us; the anaesthetic for the pain, the spare heart, the new lung, the antibiotic, the moving wheels and the moving pictures. The light will always come on when we press the switch and if it doesn’t we can find out why.”
“You need to be careful, but you also need to relax and trust that God will work it out.”
“When you remove all these layers of programming that society has created for us — your thoughts, your emotions, your beliefs — what you are left with is your true nature, your true identity which is your infinite eternal consciousness, your awareness, pure consciousness.”
“Sometimes, wishes come true in strange ways.”
“The longer you perform a ritual, the more power it garners - from the act, from the faith, from the feeling.”
“What is it you really want to know, Siona?" "What you believe!" "Ho! You ask after my faith. Well, now-I believe that something cannot emerge from nothing without divine intervention.”
“Religion didn't create greed. Man did.”
“When your Prophet calls, will you answer?”
“When your God calls, will you answer?”
“When your Faith calls, will you answer?”
“Religion is a closed mind to the faith in your heart.”
“There is a Pagan, savage heart in me somewhere.”
“The Prophet (ﷺ) explained: «Faith wears out in the heart of any of you just as clothes wear out, so ask Allah to renew the faith in your hearts.» (a sound hadith recorded by al-Hâkim, at-Tabarâni and al-Haythami)”
“It is faith, trust, and belief that energizes, empowers, and enlightens all dimensions of life.”
“If your ambitipn and faith are on the same road, they will ride forever.”
“If your ambition and faith are on the same road, they will ride forever.”
“Grant what Thou commandest, and command what Thou dost desire.”
“If I now pretend to be orthodox, my faith will certainly be lost, whether the community remains or not. It is out of respect for religion that I have never concealed anything. I let everyone know that I don’t follow any restrictions, and suffer everyone’s contempt in silence.”
“In a crystalline corner of your heart, keep a Smile for the days gone by. To every soul, who is wondering how is Life passing by, and somehow feel suffocated in a long lost world of words and thoughts, Remember every flower blooms at its own time. Whatever it is that you wish to accomplish, remember that it takes Time and an immense amount of energy and will power to make that happen. Most people don't even find it conducive to dream, let alone following it. Some settle down with what Life throws at them, while some opt for the lesser options that suit their needs. But the ones, who burn with their dreams, who hold on to that invisible yet palpable string of Faith, eventually always finds what they seek, because the truth is what you're seeking is already yours. Until then, don't mind about the Time, because Time has a way of Smiling back in a garland of moments and memories. And if you're ever faced with a question on losing Time and not settling down (in love or career or anything of Life) like the majority of folk around, remind yourself what you seek, embrace your Soul and walk on to rise in your chosen path. You haven't lost Time, you have just not found your Season yet. Until then, water the root of your Soul with the Sunshine of Kindness & Grace. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“I love love, and I hate hate. I am happy for happiness. and grateful for the gratitude, i believe in faith.”
“Faith walks with patience.”
“When you step off the beaten track, believe that you will be able to figure things out, find help from unexpected people, and most importantly, discover a reservoir of strength from the one source that you may not have considered—within yourself.”
“Arranged marriages were like this. You move from your father’s home to your husband's house, trusting that the system has your back. Like the net that trapeze artists don’t see but know will catch them if they fall, the tradition and the community that endorses this practice is supposed to be the invisible net that supports every couple embarking on such a marriage purely based on their faith in their family’s good intentions.”
“I wept for the loss of my innocence, for the erosion of my faith in marriage, for the uncertainty of a future that depended solely on me.”
“Faith is a funny thing. It holds out the option of surrender when everything else has failed. The power of prayer lies in its ability to give us permission to put down our burdens and trust that the universe will have our backs.”
“The light at the end of this seemingly never-ending dark tunnel that I had entered, was on the other side of understanding. The clarity I was seeking was within my reach.”
“I did not have a crystal ball to predict my future success, but I had proof from my past efforts. For now, that was enough.”
“Meditation didn’t work any miracles. Miracles happen in an instant of faith. The skeptic in me demanded proof.”
“When logic failed, I could choose to sit, close my eyes, and wait for guidance. Often, the solution would present itself without great struggle. The trick was to still the conscious mind and allow myself to be led. The answer usually flowed in the lower subconscious depths. If I let the ripples settle, the answer rose to the top. Things would unfold exactly as they needed to. And with that knowledge, the tentacles of stress around my neck and shoulders eased.”
“For those of you peeking over the fence at Christianity, you don’t clean yourself up before you get in the shower. You jump right in.”
“Whoever wishes to be free must pursue faith.”
“There is freedom in faith.”
“I am not giving up on God because of what one man said from the pulpit.”
“Sometimes, the path of trust and faith means making the best decision we can, stepping out, and trusting that God will take it and use it—continuing in the things we know are good and right. But also knowing that those things about which we doubt are often the ones God uses in the most profound way.”
“So which Jesus is right? What rubric should we use when we’re confronted by challenge and change? Do we focus on pruning out all evil, or do we focus on growing love?”
“Are you mourning over your own weakness? Take courage, for there must be a consciousness of weakness before the Lord will give thee victory.”
“Only in our weakness will we see God come through for us. It requires us to stake everything  on our faith in God.”
“No! our Science is a drop, our ignorance a sea. Whatever else be certain, this is at least is certain: that the world of our present natural knowledge is enveloped in a larger world of some sort of whose residual properties we at present can frame no positive idea.”
“When I taught at the Arab American University and lived in Zababdeh, I had a neighbor who was a shepherd. Each morning, he would take his sheep out to the fields. His sheep followed him, sticking close together. One day, the shepherd forgot something and had to go home to get it. He left his sheep by my house and went back home. The sheep stood still and waited for the return of their shepherd. There was a field full of long, green grass by the side of the road, but the sheep did not go there. They waited patiently for their shepherd to return. They trusted that their shepherd would lead them to a much better place. Our Savior is the Good Shepherd, and if we trust Him, He will lead us to green fields, where we will find happiness and peace. As tempting as the grass may seem on the side of the road, I know that if I keep my eyes on my Shepherd and follow Him always, I will be fed spiritually and physically.”
“Seeming delays in God are no tokens of his displeasure; he may hide his face from his dearest saints. He loves to keep his people praying, and to find them ever knocking at the gate of heaven.”
“If I were to cry to Thee, my God, with the impulsive faith of a child and with the heavenly tongues of angels ”
“I am a witness to truth I am a witness to lies I know how simple things Can lead to strong ties”
“Our faith and works are merely reflections of the salvation we have received, not a contributing factor to it.”
“They say that “necessity is the mother of invention.” If that’s the case, then maybe the father of invention is the faith that one can actually invent in the first place.”
“It is my hope that we do not need to fall by our own hand before we realize that we can only stand by God’s.”
“Sometimes you gots to choose what you see. And sometimes God uses broken things to save us.”
“Faith walks bridges, blind, and through the night.”
“Diana has been one of my inspirations to become someone who I wanted to be. She gave me faith and trust in things and people. She is truly an icon and a Princess of the People.”
“A prayer prayed from the sidelines never stays on the sidelines.”
“Faith works for those who firmly believe in it.”
“Prenez garde, mon enfant, à ce qui se passe dans votre cœur, dit le curé fronçant le sourcil : je vous félicite de votre vocation, si c'est à elle seule que vous devez le mépris d'une fortune plus que suffisante. Il y a cinquante-six ans sonnés que je suis curé de Verrières, et cependant, suivant toute apparence, je vais être destitué. Ceci m'afflige, et toutefois j'ai huit cents livres de rente. Je vous fais part de ce détail afin que vous ne vous fassiez pas d'illusions sur ce qui vous attend dans l'état de prêtre. Si vous songez à faire la cour aux hommes qui ont la puissance, votre perte éternelle est assurée. Vous pourrez faire fortune, mais il faudra nuire aux misérables, flatter le sous-préfet, le maire, l'homme considéré, et servir ses passions : cette conduite, qui dans le monde s'appelle savoir-vivre, peut, pour un laïque, n'être pas absolument incompatible avec le salut ; mais, dans notre état, il faut opter ; il s'agit de faire fortune dans ce monde ou dans l'autre, il n'y a pas de milieu. Allez, mon cher ami, réfléchissez, et revenez dans trois jours me rendre une réponse définitive. J'entrevois avec peine, au fond de votre caractère, une ardeur sombre qui ne m'annonce pas la modération et la parfaite abnégation des avantages terrestres nécessaires à un prêtre ; j'augure bien de votre esprit ; mais, permettez-moi de vous le dire, ajouta le bon curé, les larmes aux yeux, dans l'état de prêtre, je tremble pour votre salut.”
“I'd rather live in love than in fear.”
“Help people. Trust people. Love people. And let God get the vengeance if they abuse it.”
“I pray that you will live and conduct yourself in a way that pleases the Lord, and that you will desire to make Him smile in everything that you do. I pray that when life gets too tough, you will always choose to get closer to God, and exercise endurance and patience with joy.”
“Pat sat on the garden bench until dawn came over the Hill of the Mist. The day had begun in a pale windless morning . . . the day on which mother was to go. Would she ever return? That old hymn she had hated . . . "change and decay in all around I see." Change was what she had always dreaded. "Oh, Thou who changest not abide with me." It was not a hateful hymn after all . . . it was a hymn to be loved. How wonderful to feel that there was something that never changed . . . a Power under and above and around on which you could depend. Peace seemed to flow into her.”
“I had put all my faith in the wrong person. It was all my fault but still there was no forgiveness for I was the victim myself. And only I could forgive the victim.”
“I wanted to learn. I wanted to do well. I wanted to go to college. I didn’t know where my end lay – or when my end lay. I just knew it lay somewhere lurking to pounce upon me. Maybe it could be as early as sundown, maybe during the exams or maybe in my first year at college. No one knew – no one knew when it lay. I just kept my faith in God high, to someday live my dreams – to someday become an architect and design customary temples, to someday become an architect and do something remarkable. Those were my dreams.”
“Almost every variation of Christianity had been in the business of suppressing sex and its enjoyment, but suppressed desires didn’t just disappear. They festered. They created guilt and shame and, in the worst cases, deviancy. We weren’t ashamed to enjoy food and alcohol in moderation—why were we so afraid of sex?”
“[My mother] would tell me not to doubt God's understanding of His people, "Empty words and long praises do not impress Him. Show Him your faith by deeds, otherwise why should He believe you?”
“Unless your faith is firm, then can you stand firm.”
“Don't be deceived, doubt not.”
“God is bigger than our sins. God wants you as you are—stumbling, sinning, confused. All He asks if is is love—love for Him, love for others, and love for ourselves. He asks us to lay down our lives—not to live like ascetics, devoid of pleasure or joy, but to give him our lives so that he may increase our joy and increase our love.”
“If I like something, then my heart will not have room for any other, and I’ll always treasure it. A thousand times, a million times, no matter how many years, this will not change. This poem is the same.”
“We cannot get anywhere without hope and yet we cannot get anywhere on hope alone.”
“We cannot have reckless hope  Everything that actually happens happens in the real world, our real world. We need to take action, have hope and faith, but also learn from what actually occurs  Another tricky balancing act. Another contradictory co-existing reality. Another tightrope dance.”
“I don’t care if anyone else is disappointed. But to some, the very existence of a certain person in this world is in itself, hope.”
“Is suicide a form of insanity or enlightenment?”
“The modern ignorance is in people's assumption that they can outsmart their own nature. It is in the arrogance that will believe nothing that cannot be proved, and respect nothing it cannot understand, and value nothing it cannot sell.”
“Hope gives rise to faith and in faith there is strength.”
“Without faith, how can you conquer fear?”
“Conquer fear with faith.”
“The faith of our forefather's is to forward the future with faith in God.”
“Never guess that you know about life.”
“Faith rests on the faithfulness of a righteous God.”
“English: "The faith has an opinion on everything, the science on things, where there is no better way and the philosophy on the things on that it likes to have one." Česky: „Víra má názor na vše, věda na to kde není vidět lepší možnost, filosofie na co se jí zlíbí.”
“Monseigneur Bienvenu had been formerly, according to the accounts of his youth and even of his early manhood, a passionate, perhaps a violent man. His universal tenderness was less an instinct of nature than the result of a strong conviction filtered through life into his heart, slowly dropping in upon him, thought by thought; for a character, as well as a rock, may be worn into by drops of water.”
“Faith is deep understanding of God's faithfulness.”
“Prayer inserts me into the middle of any battlefield regardless of how gruesome or bloodied. And in the carnage of whatever that battle might be, it allows me to deliver a force greater than any raging on that field.”
“I can sit in my home and lift up a prayer from which no place or person on the planet is shielded.”
“Faith is man's ability to use God's ability for common or uncommon accomplishments.”
“I am increasingly strengthened in my belief in God for the simple reason that I’ve repeatedly witnessed the depravity of men.”
“A man on fire is a man of faith.”
“Faith is a holy fire.”
“The fire in my soul is faith in God.”
“I am left with no alternative than to look beyond the efforts of men, for efforts of those sort leave cities flattened, nations teetering, and lives crushed. Instead, I must shift the whole of my gaze to the God who tenderly kneels in the midst of this unimaginable carnage and effortlessly makes the healing imaginable.”
“I have little confidence in those persons who speak of having received direct revelations from the Lord, as though he appeared otherwise than by and through the gospel. His word is so full, so perfect, that for God to make any fresh revelation to you or me is quite needless. To do so would be to put a dishonour upon the perfection of that word.”
“David had every right to be angry and take vengeance upon such a character as Nabal, who insulted him and his men, yet God had something different in mind. In Romans 12 verse 19 we read that it is God who will avenge, He will repay. It is not our job. And God knows exactly how to get through to people. God had a very specific purpose in this whole event – He was getting David ready to move into kingship and David had some character building left to do which he did by giving heed to Abigail’s words of wisdom. Abigail, in wisdom, asked for forgiveness from David for her husband’s foolish words but she also appealed to him to be gracious to her and her household while reminding him of what God had promised to David regarding his future as leader of Israel. God was busy softening David’s hear. This was a lesson in grace. David learned how to show the grace of God to Abigail.”
“Einstein’s revelations disclosed the mind-boggling truth that spirituality had been alluding to for millennia: The material reality we perceive is essentially non-physical. Yet the sciences have still not grasped the most profound implications of this fact. Physicists insist there must be even smaller particles to be found that will somehow bring their ledgers to account, making the forces in their theories correctly add up. Like other belief systems, science is based on faith in the firm physicality of the universe, expediently disregarding that, ultimately, it is not.”
“I have ambition and you appear to be lacking in faith.”
“Faith is not what we read, faith is how we respond.”
“Faith is no faith if one has no faith in another person's potential for good.”
“God’s not in your corner. The fact of the matter is, He owns the ring.”
“In those eyes, you’ll see what I see, There’s so much calmness, There’s so much vastness, There’s so much mess, There’s so much clarity, I find myself roaming around, I find myself losing, Yet those eyes never look away, I gaze and gaze at ease, Lost in their mesmerizing tease.”
“It’s the war between what’s the right thing to do and what you feel is right? It’s the battle between who you were and now where you’re headed It’s the leap of faith that you need to take to get through the rough paths, It’s the fear that you need to leave behind to do the daring things, And you stay stuck wondering, What to do? Where to go? Why does life get challenging? Would I be ever able to make it? Queries eat you up alive, Answers seem not to care, And at that moment, miracles happen out of nowhere, Just open your eyes and see the turned tables, You're given a reward after being tested.”
“ "We took the surveillance footage from the apartment given by the nightwatchman. He stated that a kid delivered flowers to Savanna, which was accurate. What he didn't know was the kid had taken Savanna by force.”
“You don't find meaning and then move. You move and the meaning will emerge.”
“Oh yes, I believe that. It's a lovely idea." "But you can't believe things because they're a lovely idea." "But I do. That's how I believe.”
“Take what you want from the universe, but beware when the universe is ready to take from you.”
“I can be replaced, but I can't be forgotten.”
“You can exercise faith without love, you can have faith without even very much thought, but you can’t love without faith. Many failures of love come not from lack of emotion but lack of faith.”
“This rigid dichotomy of holy and profane, of vowed and unvowed…it sterilizes us. Not everyone fits into those boxes to begin with, almost no one fits entirely into them, and then there are those of us who experience God so differently from what is sanctioned and prescribed that even the mere idea of boxes is…limiting.”
“ما فائدة كلمة بدون حكمة؟ What good is a word without wisdom?”
“لا تحتاج إلى التحدث في مجلدات ليتم سماعها. You do not need to speak in volumes to be heard.”
“ما فائدة كلمة بدون حكمة لإعطائها الأساس؟ What good is a word without wisdom to give it foundation?”
“Nothing seemed to hard for God to perform; nothing to great for me to hope for from Him.”
“To an eye of reason, everything that respects the conversion of the heathen is as dark as midnight; and yet I cannot but hope in God for the accomplishment of something glorious among them.”
“My soul was this day, at turns, sweetly set on God. I longed to be with Him that I might behold His glory. I felt sweetly disposed to commit all to Him, even my dearest friends, my dearest flock, my absent brother, and all my concerns for time and eternity. Oh, that His kingdom might come in the world; that they might all love and glorify Him, for what He is in Himself; and that the blessed Redeemer might 'see the travail of his soul, and be satisfied! Oh, come, Lord Jesus, come quickly! Amen.”
“Life may deal you some cards, but don't forget that you shuffled the deck.”
“Religion should be for the people and not for the sinners.”
“Don't let the war stop at peace because fighting for freedom is a daily struggle which we all share.”
“Prayer moves everything behind everything that moves everything. And that means that it misses nothing.”
“Without faith there is no freedom.”
“Without grace no one is saved through faith in Jesus Christ, the Savour.”
“Wihout grace, no one is saved through faith in Jesus Christ, the Saviour.”
“Faith helps a man to live a fulfilled life.”
“She speaks of people taking away her ‘faith’ in them, as if faith were a transportable object—all her life she has been subject to the feeling of ‘removal.”
“I have looked back to times of trial with a kind of longing, not to have them return, but to feel the strength of God as I have felt it then, to feel the power of faith, as I have felt it then, to hang upon God’s powerful arm as I hung upon it then, and to see God at work as I saw him then.”
“Where we are going, someone else is there and/or has been there. Where we are now is where someone else will be.”
“I did not choose the pen, the pen first choose me. I did not have to look for God, He first found me. Now I'm about that Life, Faith, Love and Family, I let the Business be last because money can never make you happy.”
“I know me God and I know you see my heart I ain't afraid, nothing will tear us apart”
“Like being able to stand one foot in the rough seas knee deep and sinking. Still reach out a hand to another sister drowning.”
“Faith forwards the future with full force.”
“The path to God has become binary: you find God as a monastic or clergy, or you find God as a layperson. There is precious little in between. Oblation comes close but is still only one thread when there used to be an entire tapestry.”
“Order Out of Chaos   At the right temperature   two peptide molecules will stay together long enough on average to find a third. Then the little trio finds a fourth peptide to attract into the little huddle, just through the random side-stepping and tumbling induced by all the rolling water molecules. Something extraordinary is happening: a larger structure is emerging from a finer system, not in spite of the chaotic and random motion of that system but because of it. Without the chaotic exploration of possibilities, the rare peptide molecules would never find each other, would never investigate all possible ways of aggregating so that the tape-like polymers emerge as the most likely assemblies. It is because of the random motion of all the fine degrees of freedom that the emergent, larger structures can assume the form they do. Even more is true when the number of molecules present becomes truly enormous, as is automatically the case for any amount of matter big enough to see. Out of the disorder emerges a   pattern of emergent structure from a substrate of chaos . The exact pressure of a gas, the emergence of fibrillar structures, the height in the atmosphere at which clouds condense, the temperature at which ice forms, even the formation of the delicate membranes surrounding every living cell in the realm of biology -- all this beauty and order becomes both possible and predictable because of the chaotic world underneath them . Even the structures and phenomena that we find most beautiful of all, those that make life itself possible, grow up from roots in a chaotic underworld. Were the chaos to cease, they would wither and collapse, frozen rigid and lifeless at the temperatures of intergalactic space. This creative tension between the chaotic and the ordered lies within the foundations of science today, but it is a narrative theme of human culture that is as old as any. We saw it depicted in the ancient biblical creation narratives of the last chapter, building through the wisdom, poetic and prophetic literature. It is now time to return to those foundational narratives as they attain their climax in a text shot through with the storm, the flood and the earthquake, and our terrifying ignorance in the face of a cosmos apparently out of control. It is one of the greatest nature writings of the ancient world: the book of Job.”
“I believe God blessed us with special skills and talents and we can’t waste our gifts. We must use them to battle spiritual enemies as well as earthly enemies.”
“Reliance on God is relying on the fact that to rely on anything else is to rely on nothing reliable.”
“But science also emerges from an ancient longing, and from an older narrative of our complex relationship with the natural world. Its primary creative grammar is the question, rather than the answer. Its primary energy is imagination rather than fact. Its primary experience is more typically trial than triumph--the journey of understanding already travelled always appears to be a trivial distance compared with the mountain road ahead. But when science recognises beauty and structure it rejoices in a double reward: there is delight both in the new object of our gaze and in the wonder that our minds are able to understand it. Scientists recognise all this--perhaps that is why when, as I have often suggested to my colleagues, they pick up and read through the closing chapters of the Old Testament book of Job, they later return with responses of astonishment and delight.”
“I pray and hope that those beloved Ukrainians may have the strength, courage, and faith to carry on.”
“Once adversity reveals your strength, and you know what you can endure, you become an irrepressible force of nature.”
“I find that fixed and unambiguous thinking is the mother of many sins. We forget that Christ was heterodox and radical. He was not safe, in his ideas or his passions or his presence, and he demanded everything of his followers, not the least their certainty that they knew all the shapes of right and wrong in their world. And so when I’m searching for a way forward, naively hunting for certainty, I’ve found that God judges me back to where God wants me. Which is in the middle of questions that feel unanswerable. I believe it is there - in the fire and friction of things I’ve been told don’t belong together, of things that I’ve been taught can’t be done - that the true answers lie.”
“Once upon a time there were as many ways to be holy as there were people, and the space between secular and monastic, between laity and clergy, was filled with all sorts of strange books and crannies. You could have visions, dream dreams, you could be monastic from the four walls of your own house or you could wander the country barefoot and begging. But we’ve lost much of that over the centuries.”
“The Lord enables. The Lord encourages. The Lord empowers.”
“Be who you want to be, but be who you are.”
“Not everyone has the right to wage war on others, but they do have the right to wage war within themselves.”
“Faith is a very powerful state of consciousness. It alone is the one driving motivation behind completion. It’s a truth in all endeavors, and yet it is never right or wrong, that is a human concept.”
“The track that I travel is but a road to those who follow behind me.”
“Često čujem: ''Ma pusti to  samo da živa glava ostane!'' Zar ne postoje neki viši ciljevi? Zar je život cilj sam sebi? S druge strane, mi smo bića od krvi i mesa, bića koja imaju dušu i strahove. A moj najvći strah je da ne izgubim i ne iznevjerim sebe. Otkloniti brige i postići untrašnji mir i zadovljstvo želja je svakog čovjeka. Vjernik to postiže idući putem koji ga približava Bogu. Vjernik se mora truditi učiti i primjenjivati Kur'an časni, da mu uzor budu Poslanik, neka su blagoslov i mir Božiji na njega, te ljudi koji se odlikuju znanjem i vrlinama pokazanim u praktičnom životu. Razmišljati i raditi za uzvišeni cilj, pokušati spoznati sebe, ljude, prirodu, stvorenja, na opću korist.”
“Pogledaj koje su zvijezde na nebu! Zar hoćeš rijet da i one spavaju? I zar tvoj Gospodar, koji je iznad svega ovoga, ikad spava? Vidi On i crna mrava u crnoj noći na crnu kamenu, a nekamoli onoga ko Ga štuje i sedždu Mu čini! Pobogu, šejh-efendija, šta bi od tvoga ittikada!”
“You can be a shining light for others with your positive attitude. Your passion for something can be contagious and resonate with others and get them fired up to achieve the same results. Consistently demonstrate your confidence with determination, and it will help bring back faith for those who lost it. Sometimes we must lead by example, and that's how people get inspired with hope, and where hope grows, faith is present.”
“You only become a loser when you don't realize that you are standing on the podium.”
“God isn’t offended by big dreams; He’s offended by anything less.”
“Consciousness invites life.”
“Our king came and ushered in His kingdom but then left with a promise of His return. So we wait.”
“A moment of serendipity is a wink from destiny.”
“Storms never last forever; so are the difficulties of life.”
“Prayer is not an act of desperation. Rather, it is an act that acknowledges all other acts as desperate.”
“Evil will never find a place where the manifestation of itself will not raise up a greater good. And to be that ‘greater good’ is the manifestation of our greatest self.”
“Comfortable surroundings do not cause us to tap into our faith reserves.”
“Adversity carves the way towards purpose; it builds a resiliance in the human spirit that will remain for eternity.”
“If I hadn't encountered the trials and hadn't experienced the soul-destroying agony that almost put me in the grave, I would never have collided with destiny.”
“I grew up close to Bethlehem and the only branch where I could attend church was the BYU Jerusalem Center. Palestinians living in the West Bank are not allowed into Jerusalem, so for years, I had to sneak into Jerusalem, getting shot at sometimes and risking being arrested so I could attend church services. The trip would take three hours and would involve me climbing hills and walls and hiding from soldiers. I felt that each Sabbath I was given the strength and protection I needed to get to church. I remember one Sabbath in particular. I was asked to give a talk in sacrament meeting that week. However, the day before, we had curfew imposed on us by the Israeli soldiers. Curfew in Bethlehem is not something you want to break. It is an all-day long curfew and lasts for weeks sometimes. You are not allowed to leave your house for any reason. Anyone who leaves their house risks getting shot. For some reason, I felt that Heavenly Father wanted me to give that talk, but I wondered how He expected me to get to church! I mean, even if I were to manage to leave my house without getting shot, I did not have a car then. How would I find public transportation to get to Jerusalem? There was no one on the roads except soldiers. I decided to do all that I could. I knelt down and basically told Heavenly Father that all I can do is walk outside. That was the extent of what I could do. He had to do the rest. I did just that. I got dressed in my Sunday clothes, got out of our house and down the few steps out of our porch, and walked on to the road. Amazingly enough, there was a taxi right in front of my house! Now, we live on a small street. We never see taxis pass by our street, even during normal days. I approached the taxi driver and asked him where he was going. Guess where was he going? To Jerusalem, of course. Right where I wanted to go! He had others with him in the taxi, but he had room for one more person. The taxi driver knew exactly which roads had soldiers on them and avoided those roads. Then we eventually got to where there was only one road leading out of town, and that road had soldiers on it. The taxi driver decided to go off the road to avoid the soldiers. He went into a hay field. We drove in hay fields for about half an hour. It was very bumpy, dusty, and rocky. Finally, we found a dirt road. I was so thrilled to not be in a field! However, a few short minutes later, we saw a pile of rocks blocking that dirt road. I thought we would have to turn around and go back. Luckily, the taxi driver had more hope and courage than I did. He went off the dirt road and into an olive tree field. He maneuvered around the olive trees until he got us to the other side of the pile of rocks. I made it to church that day. As I entered the Jerusalem Center I reflected on my journey and thought, “That was impossible!” There was no way I could have made it to church by my efforts alone. The effort I made, just walking outside, was so small compared to the miracle the Lord provided. Brothers and sisters, we give up too easily, especially when something seems impossible or hard. In last week’s devotional, Brother Doug Thompson said that in order to complete our journey, we must avoid the urge to quit. We do this by seeking spiritual nutrients and seeking a celestial life. [5] If we continue trying, we will reach our goal. In your classes, make sure do your best! In your job, do your best! In your callings, in your home and in everything you do, do the best you can. The Lord will sanctify your efforts and make them enough if you approach Him in faith and ask for His power from on high.”
“Every watch shows time; few of them shows how it's going.”
“BE THE DESIGNER'S ORIGINAL FOR NO ONE CAN BE A BETTER YOU THAN YOU!!! THEREFORE STRIVE & THRIVE EACH DAY IN GOD TO BE A BETTER YOU!!!”
“Thus when people object, as they do, to me and others pointing out that the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer—by commenting that wealth is not finite, that statist and globalist solutions and handouts will merely strip the poor of their human dignity and vocation to work, and that all this will encourage the poor toward a sinful envy of the rich, a slothful escapism, and a counterproductive reliance on Caesar rather than God—I want to take such commentators to refugee camps, to villages where children die every day, to towns where most adults have already died of AIDS, and show them people who haven't got the energy to be envious, who aren't slothful because they are using all the energy they've got to wait in line for water and to care for each other, who know perfectly well that they don't need handouts so much as justice. I know, and such people often know in their bones, that wealth isn't a zero-sum game, but reading the collected works of F. A. Hayek in a comfortable chair in North America simply doesn't address the moral questions of the twenty-first century.”
“Sometimes plausibility is pegged to a person. The turning point for Augustine was not an argument; it was Ambrose. What Ambrose said, what he taught and preached, was not insignificant. But what made a dent on Augustine's imagination was Ambrose's very being--what he represented in his way of life. Ambrose was a living icon of someone who integrated assiduous learning with ardent Christian faith. If to that point, based on his childhood experience, Augustine had concluded that Christians were simple, backward, and naive, the encounter with Ambrose was the destabilising experience of meeting someone with intellectual firepower who was also following Jesus. Even more than that, it was Ambrose's hospitality that prompted Augustine to reconsider the faith he'd rejected as unenlightened. What ultimately shifted Augustine's plausibility structures? Love.”
“Mister Sunshine. The archangel Uriel. His gaze was focused exclusively on Michael, and his expression was anguished. 'You need not do this,' he said, his voice low, urgent. 'You have given enough and more than enough already.' 'Uriel,' Michael said, nodding his head deeply. 'I know.' The angel held up his hand. 'If you do this, I can take no action to protect you,' he said. 'And this creature will be free to inflict upon you such pain as even you could not imagine.' A sudden, sunny smile lit Michael’s face. 'My friend  ' Uriel blinked, and rocked slightly, as if the words had struck him with physical force. '  thank you,' Michael continued. 'But I’m not the Carpenter who set the standard.”
“Your relationship with God is the thing the enemy fears most, knowing it alone has the power to crush his evil kingdom.”
“I thought I had done my best   but after a little reflection I determined   to whether the storm - adversity is a good school   I resolved to be patient - to command my feelings and take what came”
“One's freedom is the freedom to pursue faith in God.”
“The question stands and waits, to be asked and asked, never finally to be answered, which he believes affirms a kind of faith. The world is fitted together, is held in its place in the great sky, has held together so far, through the worst of human damage so far, and by no human's power to save or make or know. That he can sometimes fit a mere poem's parts together is his fallback position, a sign of his limits, his formal ignorance, his faith in the great coherence.”
“Honor He Wrote Sonnet 62 Belief sustains a person, But behavior sustains a society. Belief has nothing to do with truth, It is just a matter of mental necessity. Often our belief defies all reason, That's absolutely okay to a great extent. What's not okay is to impose it on others, To sentence others to our imprisonment. I believe, that my teacher watches over me, Even though he walks the earth no more. This belief has nothing to do with your life, But it helps me walk past my crippling woe. All beliefs are good beliefs with or without reason, If they help you in life to become a better person.”
“Love can never make you a victim when faith makes you a warrior.”
“Belief sustains a person, but behavior sustains a society.”
“Today's Mantra. Imagination is your own special happiness.”
“Salt water is the greatest component of our world, yet some people never see an ocean. That doesn't change the ocean. It is constant and powerful, and like the love of God, whether we're immersed in it, standing on the shore, or a thousand miles away, it remains.”
“He know where He wants to take me, and He'll get me there, in spite of myself.”
“There is no fortitude like faith.”
“I had even more to learn from my juniors. The way they placed their trust, faith, and life at my disposal, put in without fuss the man-hours I demanded of them - it is from them that I learned how to place work before everything else. When you see them putting in such hard work and toil, you cannot back out or shirk. When they do not go home, neither do you.”
“Without holiness of faith, there is no true happiness.”
“He who emphasizes the ritual of faith can lose the point of faith.”
“To think that in partnership with God the achievement of a great vision is actually possible is likely the greatest vision of all.”
“At those times when the loneliness has gone on for so long that we have little alternative than to believe that loneliness is the single story that life has penned for us and that there is no other story…at those times we wonder if anyone is listening. And at those times, we would be wise to remember that God is listening to our wondering.”
“I tend to categorize my emotions the same way I categorize my drawers, trying to put like things together. To separate the jeans from the pajamas. If I’m sad, I can’t also be happy. If I’m longing, then I must not be satisfied. But I’m learning in this upside down and inside out kingdom of spirit beings walking around in broken bodies, we are not just one way. Sorrow and peace shake hands in the corner with laughter, anger, and fear. Desire and disappointment often keep company with one another on the bench. You can realize this in any number of ways: laughing at a funeral, pain during childbirth, crying at graduation. We have all experienced the reality of a multicolored life….hope and grief mixed up all together, just like that. You feel the desire of what could be, alongside the disappointment of what is.”
“Part of the freedom of being yourself is resisting the temptation to fill every minute with productivity, and allowing a little margin to be bored. I’m learning to practice stillness more regularly. To leave some room for sacred silence when I can. [My husband’s words to my kids in response to their perceived boredom] reminded me of my desire to learn how to be bored well. How to bring my nothing into the presence of Christ, and simply be with him. No agenda, no checklists, no accomplishing allowed. As it turns out, being bored can be super hard work. But it’s the very work of boredom that reminds me that I don’t, in fact, make the world go round. My agenda isn’t the most important one, and many times, may not be important at all. Knowing this is a great first step toward cultivating a lightness of heart.”
“These are the times when our faith is not just an idea or a concept that we throw around. It's something that has to actually be lived out. We must rise to what we say we believe. And when we do, God rises with us. He walks alongside us. The exercise of our faith never comes back empty.”
“There will come times when the gravity of the events occurring around us will call us out. And such will be the nature of these events that they will demand that we act on what we profess. And the fact of the matter is, that time is never ‘not’ happening.”
“If your faith ends when discomfort begins, you never had faith to begin with.”
“Do not share your faith with anyone unless you are determined to act upon it. For if you are not determined to act upon it, there’s nothing to share in the first place.”
“my lack of faith was wearing thin”
“In times of war you should never forget the war within yourself.”
“There are many who don’t believe in God. But I would imagine that every one of them had more than one moment where they wished they believed.”
“There is a time for morning, Ecclesiastes says, and of course there is. But up in the hills, in the Thirties, morning and joy almost always breathed the same air Our world was bitter and sweet; more like cough syrup than good whiskey---hits your throat and leaves you shuddering and gagging and wanting just a little more. That's how it was in the holler---sad songs set to banjo-twanged two-steps; hard times and laughter and kinship and the deep, unsettling fear of the Lord. Praise Him so His hand don't turn against you. Praise Him for the good things. Praise Him in the hard times; bittersweet.”
“Blind fear, that seeing reason leads, finds safer footing than blind reason stumbling without fear: to fear the worst oft cures the worse.”
“It is joyful to see someone who is hopeful in a situation that is hopeless.”
“I always believed in you. Before I believed in any of the rest of it, I believed in you.”
“OEDIPUS: If all such violence goes with honor now Why join the sacred dance.”
“Jacki Kellum writes about the importance of faith in your work, and the serendipity of pitching at #pbpitch. The Donkey's Song is *gorgeous*, and now available for pre-order”
“You have authority over the evil one. In Christ you have the power to cast him out, to bind him, to evict him, to command him to leave.”
“Faith doesn't remove our fears but gives us courage to squarely face our worst fears and nightmares.”
“Keep the faith; faith in God!”
“The faith of our forefathers lies on their faithfulness to a faithful God.”
“If you are constantly failing in something then it means that you are getting smarter for that thing every day than anyone else in this world.”
“Prayers have immense power to turn your thoughts into reality.”
“Determination and devotion for one thing will lead you to unimaginable success.”
“Faith makes a man have so much a fortune.”
“Faith is a fortune.”
“A man is fortunate to have found faith.”
“Take your chances, let faith reward your actions.”
“God doesn't give us everything we deeply desire. The truth is, He hears the cries of our hearts, and He does answer. But as God, He holds the right to answer His way. The more significant truth is that He goes beyond our desires.”
“Abraham didn't have to know the answer-he knew the antidote. He knew God could fix it.”
“You need to believe so as to make the universe one.”
“Everything is in existence.”
“Faith is not a feeling but a fire that warms the heart.”
“Those who follow Jesus know what he did for them.”
“You can change your day with a single smile.”
“Silence is like a battery charger for you and me, just like the mode of your phone as it is charged in the silence of the night.”
“What you confront will die, what you tolerate will dominate.”
“Despite the attempts by Dawkins and others to postulate their unproven theories, according to the Word, God was not created. Rather He is self-existent. As he told Moses ‘ I AM WHO I AM’ (Exodus 3:14) The concept of a transcendent, eternal God who has always been is certainly difficult to wrap one’s mind around. But it is equally difficult to fathom what atheists believe.”
“If your life’s calling has never been revealed, don’t search for the answers in the local library or a self-help seminar. Get in touch with the source of all greatness. Dare to call on God.”
“Once people stop believing in God, the problem is not that they will believe in nothing; rather, the problem is that they will believe anything.”
“The only weapon greater than fear is faith.”
“Believe that you can fly, and you will!”
“Faith in God is the force that will push you forward.”
“My dear girl God never wastes anything.”
“The delicate totems – saints floating on their seas of incense and candlelight wounded bodies and silent faces”
“Like the sparrow, I've got a song to sing. Unlike the sparrow, I must sing mine by faith.”
“Faith is what lights your night with stars of hope.”
“My faith is what lights my footsteps from within.”
“Faith is unquenchable flame.”
“Smile for no reason and then you will understand what it is to be happy in life.”
“No-one is better, but yourself.”
“Faith is a sweet fellowship with a Faithful God.”
“It takes faith to stand firm.”
“Faith in God empowers one with the grace to stand the test of time.”
“Faith is to focus on God.”
“Yes, Life is a bunjee jump into the unknown, in every moment! And your faith in yourself is your harness! Enjoy the journey the adventure !!!”
“We all make a difference if we try.”
“Besides, dearie, your mother didn’t really die alone. God was with her till the last breath left her chest. Even had you been there, you couldn’t have healed her, not with all your medicine and equipment. God alone numbers our days. God alone heals, and He did—the very moment your mother stepped into heaven. Of that, ye can rest assured.”
“Noi non possiamo scrutare il segreto di Dio – vediamo soltanto frammenti e ci sbagliamo se vogliamo farci giudici di Dio e della storia. Non difenderemmo, in tal caso, l’uomo, ma contribuiremmo solo alla sua distruzione.”
“Faith is not an anchor; it's a gnawing suspicion that things don’t have to be this way”
“From this point onward, all that mattered was the faithful completion of his task  the words might not even be heard. Yet he also knew that the mission was not so much about success but about whether he stood firm in obedience. It was the cross, rooted in the dust of the earth, watered by the blood of God's servants, the sign pointing to heaven, soaring upward into pure light.”
“Don't be afraid, only believe.”
“America, you have left me on "Read" more times than I can count, and yet I keep writing these texts to you, though you ghost me on the regular. Buzzed, I go to bed, and buzzing with expectation each morning I wake up ready to do the same thing all over again, as though faith weren't something inherently crazy, given the state of things. Lately, I've been making End Times jokes, except they're not really jokes anymore.”
“God says that all things are possible, even our choice not to believe that.”
“God’s seeds of hope are often sown by people and books.”
“I’ve watched the Lord press seeds into the sometimes resistant soil of my heart that I might grow out of myself and become more like Him. Sometimes he does the planting alone in the night, when it’s just Him and me. But usually God uses others to plant and water the hope that I can do exceedingly more through Christ than I ever dreamed.”
“For me, failure has been a strict teacher of God’s mercies, a curriculum I wouldn’t volunteer for, yet a class I can’t afford to miss.”
“It’s not about anyone else it’s about you. You handle situations with calm and understanding, no matter how frustrating you don’t lose your temper. You walk through this world with kindness for everyone, and people notice. You hold faith in your heart, and this faith does well for you, people will try to do the same. The examples we set are simple, but powerful. They clear a path for others to take the wonderful reflective journey you’re on with an open mind.”
“Good Little Gods (The Sonnet) A good person once said, to turn the other cheek. I ain't him, I don't approve of his kind of naivety. Hurt me all you want, I may still keep quiet but, Lay a finger on my loved ones, 'n you are history. Someone once ordered, sacrifice your child for me, And a spineless patriarch rushed to obey it all. If god commands to slaughter someone I love, That stoneage nitwit will return without his balls. Someone said, strike your partner if she denies coitus, To which countless bugs still remain obedient. I ask that moron of a god to come 'n say it to me, And he won't be left man enough to even get a head. Humankind ain't no slave to no prehistoric lords. We may spare them only if they're good little gods.”
“Test of Faith (The Sonnet) How many gospels are there? Civilized answer is, who cares! How many apostles were there? Civilized answer is, who cares! What are the commandments? Civilized answer is, who cares! How many vedas are there? Civilized answer is, who cares! What is the meaning of basmala? Civilized answer is, who cares! What are the words of mool mantar? Civilized answer is, who cares! What god wants of us, who the fudge cares! To be human for all humans is what matters.”
“Now, Lord, if my children go on in their sins, it will not be from ignorance that they perish.”
“A person who does not pray habitually, no matter how believing or pious he may be, will not achieve full spiritual growth. Neither will he acquire peace of soul because he will always experience excessive scruples and never view things beyond their human or worldly significance. Thus, one will always suffer from vanity, selfishness, self-centeredness, ambition, meanness of heart, vileness of judgment, and a sickly willfulness and attachment to one’s opinions. A person who does not pray may acquire human wisdom and prudence, but not true spiritual freedom or that deep and radical purification of the heart. One will not be able to grasp the depths of divine mercy or know how to make it known to others. His judgment will always end up shortsighted, mistaken, and contemptible. One will never be able to tread God’s ways, which are far different from what many—even those who have committed themselves to a life in the spirit—conceive them to be.”
“ he [Perry Hildebrandt] broached the subject of goodness and its relation to intelligence. He'd come to the reception for selfless reasons, but he now saw that he might get not only a free buzz but free advise from, as it were, two professionals. 'I suppose what I'm asking,' he said, 'is whether goodness can ever truly be its own reward, or whether, consciously or not, it always serves some personal instrumentality.' Reverend Walsh [Trinity Lutheran] and the rabbi [Meyer] exchanged glances in which Perry detected pleasant surprise. It gratified him to upset their expectations of a fifteen-year-old. 'Adam may have a different answer,' the rabbi said, but in the Jewish faith there is really only one measure of righteousness: Do you celebrate God and obey His commandments?' 'That would suggest,' Perry said, 'that goodness and God are essentially synonymous.' 'That's the idea,' the rabbi said. 'In biblical times, when God manifested Himself more directly. He could seem like quite the hard-ass--striking people blind for trivial offenses, telling Abraham to kill his son. But the essence of the Jewish faith is that God does what He does, and we obey Him.' 'So, in other words, it doesn't matter what a righteous person's private thoughts are, so long as he obeys the letter of God's commandments?' 'And worships Him, yes. Of course, at the level of folk wisdom, a man can be righteous without being a -mensch.- I'm sure you see this, too, Adam--the pious man who makes everyone around him miserable. That might be what Perry is asking about.' 'My question,' Perry said, 'is whether we can ever escape our selfishness. Even if you bring in God, and make him the measure of goodness, the person who worships and obeys Him still wants something for himself. He enjoys the feeling of being righteous, or he wants eternal life, or what have you. If you're smart enough to think about it, there's always some selfish angle.' The rabbi smiled. 'There may be no way around it, when you put it like that. But we "bring in God," as you say--for the believer, of course, it's God who brought -us- in--to establish a moral order in which your question becomes irrelevant. When obedience is the defining principle, we don't need to police every little private thought we might have.' 'I think there's more to Perry's question, though,' Reverend Walsh said. 'I think he is pointing to sinfulness, which is our fundamental condition. In Christian faith, only one man has ever exemplified perfect goodness, and he was the Son of God. The rest of us can only hope for glimmers of what it's like to be truly good. When we perform an act of charity, or forgive an enemy, we feel the goodness of Christ in our hearts. We all have an innate capability to recognize true goodness, but we're also full of sin, and those two parts of us are constantly at war.' 'Exactly,' Perry said. 'How do I know if I'm really being good or if I'm just pursuing a sinful advantage?' 'The answer, I would say, is by listening to your heart. Only your heart can tell you what your true motive is--whether it partakes of Christ. I think my position is similar to Rabbi Meyer's. The reason we need faith--in our case, faith in the Lord Jesus Christ--is that it gives us a rock-solid basis for evaluating our actions. Only through faith in the perfection of our Savior, only by comparing our actions to his example, only by experiencing his living presence in our hearts, can we hope to be forgiven for the more selfish thoughts we might have. Only faith in Christ redeems us. Without him, we're lost in a sea of second-guessing our motives.”
“And when the day closes, I shall know I have done my part. To every soul, who feels that there's a bunch of dreams left unrealised, remember that as long as the Life remains, the possibility to dream remains. Remember that sometimes some dreams that we paint in our hearts are not meant to grow us in our journey of Life and then while we walk along the path, even the detours and broken dreams pave way to a whole lot of waking dreams that only the heart of gratitude can see and feel. I have seen and felt, that sometimes some souls have to go through a lot of trials and tribulations, lessons and sufferings, and even then they never fail to wear kindness and grace simply because they know that what happens around them should not intrude upon what is inside their heart. To know that we are here for a purpose and to not live idly, to know that the purpose is as simple as to stay kind and open to every possibility is as beautiful as the sky who knows no matter how dark the night is the stars would always lit her face. In a world where everything comes at a price, if you're choosing to stay kind, if you're choosing to value your dignity and your integrity, if your choosing to understand and embrace the smile of Solitude, if you're choosing to employ your faculties to understand the real questions of Life, then you're alive, much more alive than your human dreams could have made you feel. Because no matter what, when sunset hits the night, and the day comes to a close you know you've done your part, you know you have embraced one more day with gratitude and grace, with a formidable zeal for Life and an invincible spirit of human understanding that stands firm pillared with Hope and Faith. And then no matter how many voices shrill your mind, the echo of your soul would pierce through your heart and enlighten every inch of your mind, body and soul, and you would know how proud the Universe must be to see the faithfulness, the strength and resilience in your soul, the very mould that was shaped in the fire of the Stardust that shines upon the sky, sometimes becoming a beacon to others while sometimes lying beautifully hidden but always there, always alive. And so each time, I look at the sky with a bunch of stars, I know I am alive, burning with all that Life is made up of. And someday when the day closes for another dawn altogether, I shall know that I have done my part, pretty well.”
“Never underestimate the power of the mind. Once you start using the power of positivity, you will see major changes in your life.”
“The steps we take in faith activate the power of the Spirit.”
“I make the best me that I am. Just as you make the best you that you are.”
“  'I understand what you're saying,' he [Perry] said to Reverend Walsh. 'But what if a person isn't able to have faith?' 'Not everyone finds faith overnight. Faith is rarely easy. But if you've ever done a good thing, and felt a glow in your heart, then that's a little message from God. He's telling you that Christ is in you, and that you have the freedom and capacity to pursue a closer relationship with him. Seek, and ye shall find.' 'It's approximately the same if you're a Jew,' the rabbi said, 'although we tend to emphasize that you're a Jew whether you feel like it or not. It's more a matter of God tracking you down than of you finding God.' 'I don't think our positions are so dissimilar in that respect,' Reverend Walsh said stiffly.   'But so,' he [Perry Hildebrandt] said, 'what if I feel the kind of glow you're talking about, but it doesn't lead me to God? What if it's just one of those feelings that any sentient animal might have? If I never find God, or He never finds me, it sound's like you're saying, basically, that I'm damned.' 'In principle, I suppose that is the doctrine,' Reverend Walsh said. 'But you're young, and life is long. There's a near infinity of moments when you might receive God's grace. All it takes is one moment.' 'In the meantime,' the rabbi said, 'I think it's enough to be a mensch.”
“Faith is the first and final triumph.”
“To forge ahead, you must have faith.”
“Faith lies in a faithful heavenly Father.”
“If you are still alive, God is not done with you yet, so don't lose faith.”
“Lies only color the world black.”
“The​ world​ needs​ you​ to​ wake​ up​ and​ change​ the​ bedsheets.”
“Every single day, life is going to throw things at us that we cannot control, but we get to wake up and we get to choose how we are going to react to them.”
“No single theologian writing in Greek or Syriac in the patristic period exercised an influence in the Christian East comparable to that exercised in the West by the great North African St Augustine of Hippo (354–430), a man whose restless originality, philosophical sophistication, literary genius and sheer intellectual power set him apart not only from his contemporaries but from all but a very few other theologians. The greatest works in his immense corpus of writings rank high among the enduring monuments of the Christian intellectual tradition.”
“Love is unique. It's in everyone I know and in everything that I see.”
“Touch the sky and you will always walk on clouds.”
“Free will may be the cause of evil but it's not an excuse for it.”
“Legalism has killed more faith than doubt ever has.”
“When you accept everything happily, you will always find the things that make you happy.”
“After all, the only kind of relationship with God that will save us is one where he is loved for who he is, for his own sake, irrespective of what secondary, earthly blessings we gain or lose because of our relationship with him. Unless Christians can, perhaps imperfectly but sincerely, affirm the all-surpassing worth of knowing God (Phil. 3:8)—surpassing even the worth of knowing one’s children—then we will be bored in the new creation, where God is “all in all” (1 Cor. 15:28). Our relationship with God must be greater than the secondary blessings he gives us, because it is a matter of time until we lose every secondary blessing when we die.”
“Be strong, stand firm in faith!”
“Prayer is prophesy of what is yet to come.”
“If you believe, you shall behold.”
“The faith of our forefathers is through force for pushing us forward.”
“Faith is a steadfast hold on the promises of an invisible supernatural Being, God.”
“Faith is finer than the fire of a furnace.”
“Gold is refined in a fire of furnace, so is the grace of God that restores faith in him through trials.”
“Look up to you Lord always.”
“Look up to the Lord always.”
“Possibilities depend on you being OK with NOT knowing how it's going to play out.”
“God and the Universe are really interchangeable words. The universe loves us. God loves us. Have faith in the universe. Have faith in God. It's all the same. If God is everywhere, then God is the Universe. And you don't have to believe in God to believe in the Universe.”
“The universe created us to experience itself through us.”
“A burning desire to make your dreams come true can create possibilities to make your impossible dreams possible.”
“To days like these, I know it's pretty difficult to carry on, especially with all that is going on around. I know you tried your best to build something, to grow something the very whole time and when the time came for it to blossom, everything seemed to have fallen apart all over again. I know you have always believed in hard work and the goodness of spirit, yet sometimes when you find your hardwork slip through Time's fingers and your goodness going absolutely unnoticed in a world of camouflaged realities, I hope you hold on. I know you feel angry and hostile and you seek answers but hold on, dear heart for nothing goes in vain in a Universe that absorbs every bit of one's actions and intentions. Hold on, dear heart for it doesn't matter how many times you fall but how you remember to walk ahead having full faith on the Justice of Time. Hold on, dear heart for Faith is not when you carry on when the way is smooth and lit but when you cross tunnels of darkness to become the light yourself, for Faith is knowing He is there with you, even in the darkest of nights and the fiercest of storms. Hold on, dear heart for Nothing is certain in a world that revolves around a star of Fire, only that you have the same fire within yourself, the very Stardust that He has put in your soul. And no matter what, carry on, walk ahead with kindness and grace, seep deep in that passion of hard work that pushes you to wake up in the morning to create something, to grow something and to find something wherein you can pour a flicker of your spirit, while wearing the smile of goodness, the very one that makes you, You. Hold on, dear heart! We will grow our garden, all over again, with a little more sunshine and a smile of strength! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“The strength of our determination is more important than the size of our stride.”
“Faith is refusing to believe that the degree to which I understand something is the degree to which it exists.”
“Once you decide to do something with a burning desire for success you have already achieved your success.”
“The starting point of every crisis is always ridden with confusion and cluelessness. If we knew how to solve a problem, we would solve it, right? It is Life’s nature to present us with a problem that we are confounded by, that which we can’t immediately fathom, understand or solve. We begin by first denying the problem exists. Then we try resisting, try pushing back. But the problem does not let go of its stranglehold. Intuitively our response to a crisis is swift, aggressive, decisive action. But often times, when you can’t solve a crisis that way, you must pause, reflect and take calculated decisions, calmly. That’s the whole reason why a crisis arrives in the first place – to teach us faith and patience.”
“It doesn't matter how many times we read the Bible. If the love of God is not in our hearts, we'll easily be swept away in the faith testing time.”
“We can’t even think each day we’re going to wake up and feel great. Some days we might be troubled by a situation, some days we might wake up, and feel fantastic. Some days we might not want to get out of bed at all. It’s when we understand this is the way life is, not just for you but for everyone. If we have faith in God to pull us up when we’re down it’s a whole lot easier than if we didn’t.”
“Sometimes we need to attempt things that don’t make sense to anyone but ourselves.”
“I felt loved and this encouragement restored my faith.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gifts it holds can come to light.”
“When we loosen our hold on our emotions, they no longer have a hold on us.”
“Look around you and you will find that you're not alone.”
“There's no better place to realign ourselves than at the feet of Jesus.”
“That's what grace does: It lights a candle in the dark so the gift it holds can come to light.”
“When we loosen our hold on our emotions, they no longer have a hold on us.”
“I believe the 'better part' isn't just what Mary chooses but how she chooses.”
“C’è un grande turbamento in questo momento nel mondo e nella Chiesa, e ciò che è in questione è la fede. Capita ora che mi ripeta la frase oscura di Gesù nel Vangelo di san Luca: «Quando il Figlio dell’Uomo ritornerà, troverà ancora la fede sulla terra?».”
“Ciò che mi colpisce, quando considero il mondo cattolico, è che all’interno del cattolicesimo sembra talvolta predominare un pensiero di tipo non cattolico, e può avvenire che questo pensiero non cattolico all’interno del cattolicesimo diventi domani il più forte. Ma esso non rappresenterà mai il pensiero della Chiesa. Bisogna che sussista un piccolo gregge, per quanto piccolo esso sia.”
“Un’ideologia lugubre che raccomanda, come prezzo di un pansessualismo sfrenato, la sterilizzazione, l’aborto, la contraccezione sistematica e pure l’eutanasia, come può rendere agli uomini la gioia di vivere e di amare?”
“Trying to do enough in order to be enough, we keep grabbing that rope and pulling it with all our might.”
“”
“Darum glaube nicht / daß du im Guten zugenommen habest / wenn du nicht im Gefühl deines Geringseins unter alle übrigen Menschen dich setzen kannst.”
“In any hardship, do not lose heart.”
“Faith is a great fortitude.”
“Do not lose faith even when you fail but find the force of being to push forward.”
“Buzzed, I go to bed, and buzzing with expectation each morning I wake up ready to do the same thing all over again, as though faith weren't something inherently crazy, given the state of things. Lately, I've been making End Times jokes, except they're not really jokes anymore.”
“The most powerful words we have are “thank you Jesus.” Throughout our country and around the world these words ring true. They set us on a path of absolute appreciation as it relates to everything in our lives. It’s these words that help us find faith, even in our moments of doubt. Jesus is the light, and the truth; the wisdom and the way. God bless. Amen.”
“Fear starts in the mind and it generates emotions. One fearful thought will lead to another if you let it. The way to keep that from happening is to not allow yourself to camp out in fear in your mind.”
“Don’t just believe in something better, go do something better. That will help others believe in the possibility of something better.”
“Faith and fear both involve belief, and they both involve believing things we cannot see. We all have to choose which side to land on, and my tattoo says to me every day, ‘Sadie, no more thinking something bad is going to happen. You’re no longer on the side of fear; you’re on the side of faith, and you can spend every day of the rest of your life believing God has good things in store for you!”
“Becoming fearless is both an achievement and an ongoing journey. For me, it’s also a commitment and a way of life. I pray it will be the same for you.”
“Gaining victory over fear does not mean that we can only be free from fear when something we think will be bad turns out to be okay, like my supposed blue nevus. It means we can stay brave, bold, confident, courageous, and strong in our faith in God whether a situation is a false alarm or the real thing.”
“The world will always go one way, and Jesus will always have a better option.”
“Fear is not defeating; fear is not oppressive. But “living afraid” can be defeating, oppressive, controlling . and that is why “fear” of anything should be looked in the face, otherwise the act of not facing fear turns into the habit of living afraid.”
“Still more important is the consideration that in many people today a strong need for religious ritual coexists with an aversion to churches. There is a sense of something missing in existence, which explains all the activity around gnostics, founders of sects, and evangelists, who all, more or less successfully, step into the role of the churches. One might say that a certain definite quantity of religious faith always exists, which in previous times was legitimately satisfied by the churches. Now, freed up, it attaches itself to all and everything. This is the gullibility of modern man, which coexists with a lack of faith. He believes what he reads in the newspaper but not what is written in the stars.”
“To achieve something big in this world gather your energy and throw it forcefully in only one right direction.”
“ [To] admit ones liability to correction is one thing, [but] to embark upon a sea of wanton doubt is another.”
“Between his own and Jehovah's enemies, a David knows no difference.”
“The first lesson is that no matter how afraid you may be right now, you don’t have to stay that way. For me, it took becoming totally disgusted with fear to decide that I would no longer let it run rampant through my life. [ ] Second, if you don’t want to stay that way, it’s up to you to make a change. No one can deal with your fear except you. And unless you make an intentional choice to confront it, it will keep tormenting you. Third, once you decide to kick fear out of your life and start your journey toward freedom, the best thing to do is pray. You’ll never overcome it on your own; it’s too strong. But by God’s grace, in the power of the name of Jesus, and with the Holy Spirit’s help, you can get fear out of your life and let freedom in.”
“When God says, ‘Do not fear,’ He means it. We aren’t supposed to fear anything at any time for any reason.”
“One of the most important lessons I have ever learned was expressed in the words to the song I heard each night during Winter Jam. There is power in the name of Jesus. His name has power to break every type of bondage, and praying in His name you can gain victory over fear, just like I did.”
“Get this: in order for the plankton to glow, it has to be stepped on. It only gives off its light when pressure is applied to it. Hmm. Sort of like what God does in your life and mine. The pressures we face are not intended to hurt us or discourage us. They are designed to bring out of us the light that is in us because of our love for God and our relationship with Him. When the light comes out of us, it changes the world.”
“He's one of those guys you look at and think, "How can he be so sure about what he believes?" Rick didn't have the faith language that can be alienating to people. He never used his faith to an end.”
“I’m interested in becoming a stronger person. To do that, I know I will have to persevere through situations that might tempt me to give up. But I know God will give me the grace and courage I need to deal with things that are hard, and let’s face it: life does get hard sometimes. The world is full of haters and disappointments and mistakes, but we do not have to let those things keep us from reaching our potential. Sometimes people say or do mean things to us, and sometimes circumstances just don’t go our way, but we have to push those things aside and keep moving forward.”
“Living original doesn’t mean being different just to be different; it means being a new kind of different—a different based on knowing who you are, knowing who God is, and being confident that He made you in a really cool, unique way. There’s no one else on earth like you, and that makes you incredibly special. If you can see how special you are and be strong in it, there is no limit to what you can do and become in your life, or how much you can enjoy it.”
“If you have faith, trusting God with all your heart, that’s what makes you a hero.”
“Fight the temptation to be lazy. Work hard. Serve the Lord. Keep on praying. And do it all with enthusiasm.”
“Have you ever thought about the fact that you are royalty? The King of the universe created you, which makes you—yes, you—a child of the King. That’s your worth. You cannot quit being royal, because that’s what you have always been—even before you were born, when the King of the world knit you together in your mother’s womb (Psalm 139:13). Now, what you choose to do with your position as a child of the King is totally up to you. How you step into it, how you receive it, and what you even believe about it is in your hands.”
“What good contrast do you want to make in the world? Do you want to be generous in a world that withholds? Kind in a world that makes fun? Deep in a world that’s shallow? All about relationships in a world that’s all about advancement? Start looking for ways to spend your precious time on activities that educate, expand, and encourage you—things that give you life instead of death. Make little choices today to turn up the contrast.”
“Faith is always next year.”
“Make 2022 the year that life restarts here on Earth for the better.”
“I will never give up trying, but will you ever give up believing?”
“The better person inside of you is trying to get out to prove you wrong.”
“Victory belongs to those that run towards it.so Keep running towards your Destiny”
“Rainbows everywhere we shone the prism. Later on, when I was praying in my room, I thought: All right. If heaven is white it is a white like the prism. When God burns through it. All the colors of Christ are in the air. Holiness is not one thing, brother, it is not one hue or tint.”
“Why is it I smell ozone whenever I talk to you? I spend half my time waiting for lightning to strike.”
“How much happier you would be, how much more of you there would be if the hammer of a higher God could smash your small cosmos, scattering the stars like spangles and leave you in the open - free like other men to look up, as well as down. And it must be remembered that the most purely practical science does take this view of mental evil. It does not seek to argue with it like a heresy, but simply to slap it like a spell. Neither modern science nor ancient religion believes in complete free thought. Theology rebukes certain thoughts by calling them blasphemous. Science rebukes certain thoughts by calling them morbid.”
“Aslan leaped again. A mad chase began. Round and round the hill-top he led them, now hopelessly out of their reach, now letting them almost catch his tail, now diving between them, now tossing them in the air with his huge and beautifully velveted paws and catching them again, and now stopping unexpectedly so that all three of them rolled over together in a happy laughing heap of fur and arms and legs. It was such a romp as no one has ever had except in Narnia, and whether it was more like playing with a thunderstorm or playing with a kitten Lucy could never make up her mind.”
“Once a King in Narnia, always a King in Narnia. But don't go trying to use the same route twice. Indeed, don't try to get there at all. It'll happen when you're not looking for it.”
“You don’t have to look like a champion to be a legend.”
“The power of one is above all things the power to believe in yourself, often well beyond any latent ability you may have previously demonstrated. The mind is the athlete; the body is simply the means it uses to run faster or longer, jump higher, shoot straighter, kick better, swim harder, hit further, or box better. Hoppie's dictum to me, "First with the head and then with the heart," was more than simply mixing brains with guts. It meant thinking well beyond the powers of normal concentration and then daring your courage to follow your thoughts.”
“Let me encourage you to start saying positive things about yourself. Maybe you don’t think you’re the most beautiful person on earth, but you can look at the mirror and say to yourself, ‘I really do have a great smile’ or ‘My hair has been looking great!’ You can even use Bible verses to talk to yourself. Based on Philippians 4:13 (NKJV), you can say, ‘I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.’ Or you can use Jeremiah 29:11 and say, ‘Things may be a little tough for me right now, but God knows the plans He has for me, and they are good. He is giving me a hope and a future!’ You get to decide what you say to yourself.”
“But it’s so important to remember that one day—no matter how rough it is—does not define the rest of your life. Your purpose and calling give you an important place in the world. Do not give up.”
“Fear will hold you back from some of the most awesome experiences life has to offer, but you don’t have to let that happen. You can tell it, ‘Go away. Not today. Good-bye! In the name of Jesus.”
“I knew that we as humans, were given the power to solve our own problems, and that we were given good sense and direction, but it was up to us to use it, and just as we were given two feet, it would be up to us to walk.”
“Being heroic is not about whether God answers a prayer the way you want or whether you do some amazing thing for Him. It’s just about whether you believe in the One who can do the impossible.”
“I repeat: you are not worthless, but the lies and the adjectives you are believing about yourself are worth less than the identity of royalty God has on your life as a son or a daughter of the King.”
“My encouragement to you is this: don’t let fear have the final say in your life. Don’t even give it a vote. Don’t let it make your decisions or steal your adventure with Jesus.”
“No matter how awkward you may feel bringing life to a dead room, dance until you see life rise up. Unite instead of divide. Welcome instead of intimidate. Don’t give up because of a blank stare.”
“Cool is not a certain look or a certain way of acting or liking the ‘right’ things and disliking the nerdy ones. It’s just being confident in what you’re doing and in who you are.”
“This verse [Genesis 1:27] means that we are made in the very image of the One who is without rival and without equal. When we compare and compete with one another, we are essentially attacking part of the image of God in each other. Every person God made offers a sneak peek at the goodness of God. Right now there are more than seven billion people on earth, and each one bears something of the image of God.”
“I want you to realize that your being alive is significant and that there is a reason you are here. Even if you feel lifeless, worthless, or empty right now, God has put life in you because there is something in you that the world is craving. You bring something to the table of life that nobody else brings. You are valuable and loved. And I believe, contrary to how you may feel right now, that the life God has for you is exciting and meant to be lived to its fullest.”
“Even if your world feels dark right now, the darkness has not and never will overcome the light!”
“Remember, when we spend our time trying to measure up, striving to paint a picture of ourselves in order to feel accepted or to impress others or to be liked, we will always feel empty. That’s the world’s way to live. But when we fill ourselves with eternal truth that we can stand on forever, we will walk taller, live more boldly, and be steadfast in the knowledge of who we are because of who God is in us.”
“If you believe you belong in a certain space, you will likely become what is expected of you. But with one touch of hope, your life can be changed.”
“A touch and a word from Jesus can change everything about your life. Do not settle for what it looks like right now or for what others believe about you or for what may have been spoken over you. There is life and hope in the promises of God.”
“Remember, God created us because He wanted a relationship with us. Go read Psalm 139 if you are doubting that. God knew you before you were formed in your mother’s womb, He saw you, He has always had a plan for you, and your life was written in His book before you took your first breath.”
“The very nature of God is unity. He is three in one: Father, Son, and Spirit. Since the very beginning of creation, God formed human life so that we could be in a relationship with Him.”
“Now, sisters and friends, I want you to do something. Go look in the mirror. Take off any worldly lens that has affected the way you see yourself—a lens of insecurity, jealousy, comparison, negativity, self-hatred, or anything else. And stare at yourself. You are altogether beautiful, my darling. Wow, the Lord takes such great delight in you. Look at the color of your eyes. Look at the strands of your hair and the unique shapes and features of your face. God made you, and you are exactly how He intended you to be. He created every detail—details no other person on earth has. He did this so He could reveal a new image of beauty and another side of Himself to the world.”
“When God created you, He created a work of art, a masterpiece not meant to be compared to any other form of creation. The image of beauty you were designed to reach is right in front of you. In you He has created a new, original design for the world to enjoy beholding. Go look around, and you will not find one other piece of creation that looks exactly like you.”
“Fear taunts us and tries to intimidate us. But when our hearts are established in the freedom God has given us, then we can laugh at the fear of the future.”
“This was what I was learning that day: in a life of faith, you are not always going to be comfortable. In fact, most acts of faith are not comfortable ones to take, but you can always be content. [ ] You can be content even when you are not comfortable.”
“The key ingredient to overcoming fear is not just speaking to it; it’s speaking to it in Jesus’ name.”
“At times we may feel that the tree is certain to topple, but I can rest assured that the roots of my belief will never be ripped out by the winds of desperation.”
“Oh, what a trial I've been facing. Thoughts upon thoughts wildly racing. Yesterday was this. Today there's that. Tonight's this, that, and that's where I'm at. I've been on my knees. I've been on my face. Here I'm stationed in God's abounding grace. I will get through this. I will make it through. Precious, Lord Jesus, my faith is in You.”
“Stop becoming a faith spectator and start becoming a Faith participant. Spectators always play a better game in their minds than in reality. It's in participating where you unlock your true potential.”
“No religion has ever yet owed it's prevalence to "apodictic certainty.”
“I've always believed that art and faith have much in common. Both allow people to explore the subtleties of their own emotions and to find their own answers to what the art represents to them. Your work and Trinity's always make me -think-, and more importantly, they make me -feel- in ways that often lead to a sense of wonder. Just like faith. [Mark Price, to Maggie Dawes]”
“What matters most? Truth, compassion, kindness, faith, clarity, hope and justice. Not insults and flattery. What matters least of all? Insults, hypocrisy, flattery, manipulation, confusion, deceit, stupidity. The things that matter most cannot be at the mercy to a criminal's overweening ambition.”
“These people are strange." "That's hilarious coming from you. You're the strangest person I've ever met." - A Past to Bear by Madisyn Carlin. Featured in Whitstead Harvestide: A Speculative Anthology ”
“We need to find our identity--how we define ourselves--in what God has to say about us.”
“Tell me that prayer is a fool’s errand and I will tell you that the fool is the one who doesn’t understand the errand.”
“Release your imagination to be everything that you don’t believe it could be.”
“Many times, ‘shelter from the storm’ is the ‘hope’ of not perishing in the storm for the lack of shelter within it.”
“As a man thinketh, so is he? The Faith of a mustard seed? I planted those words in my thoughts and still my mind wound up lost between my dreams and reality.”
“Alas, none of our divine revelations arrive with footnotes or explanations.”
“Handcrafted Humanity Sonnet 58 Faith is no declaration of character, It is just a matter of mental necessity. It has nothing to do with truth and holiness, In many cases, it makes a person quite unholy. I often find myself speaking to my dead teacher, It gives me strength and helps me take the leap. The scientist in me knows it's all in my head, But sometimes all logic must take a backseat. The problem however is not our imaginary friend, It is our loyalty to it at the expense of our humanity. Keep your faith if it helps you through hard times, But never let it be an impediment to universality. Imagination is healthy when it sustains us as human, When it ruins our humanity, it's time for its demolition.”
“This is the secret of the spirit, not disclosed to reason: the adaptation of the mind to what is sacred, intellectual humility in the presence of the supreme. The mind surrenders to the mystery of spirit, not in resignation but in love.”
“Men say what they see while gods see what they say”
“We’re all seeking, faith, hope and love which is already there inside me and you.”
“I know the landmarks in the education of my soul are all periods of suffering - Lanoe Hawker 4.5.16”
“Making the final decision to jump was literally “taking a leap of faith.” I didn’t know exactly what was going to happen next, but had decided to have a little faith and trust in the equipment, myself, and the world I had just leaped into.”
“How often do we wonder if what we believe in actually believes in us?”
“Whether we believe in the Devil or not is now a matter of choice. It was not always so.”
“It’s understanding that nothing is ever lost until we think that it is. And we must remember that no thought of ours has the power to make something lost that is not.”
“The strength of our faith will be evidenced when the world sets itself against all that we believe in. For it is in the act of standing alone that our faith is given the fullest space to stand tall.”
“Maybe God was still there with her, never leaving her, always wanting to help her, always loving her”
“I believe in the teachings of the man many people believe is the savior of Earth souls, Jesus Christ.”
“We all walk in the sky, but not all of us reach heaven.”
“Are you going to have faith in God regarding COVID-19 or a proven protective vaccine?”
“Prove the existence of God,” we say. And I find it quite interesting to note that it is the God who we doubt who Himself has given us the privilege to doubt. Therefore, is it possible that the existence of doubt suggests the existence of God?”
“When Jesus speaks, it is as good as done." ~ MaryAnn Diorio”
“Faith is the bridge between asking and receiving." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio”
“Inspiration is the willingness to believe that the worse things imaginable are the ingredients for the greatest things possible.”
“God came to save us from the inability to believe that He came to save us.”
“There is what I call “the hugging tree.” And when I wish better things for this world of ours, I go out and hug the old tree so that we both carry the wish as one. And why do I do such a foolish thing? I do that because the tree understands that it only takes one seed to start a forest.”
“If we have seed, soil, and water, we have the ingredients for a miracle. And yet, it is not in our nature to believe that a miracle can arise from something so simple. Therefore, we forsake the miracle in our search for the miracle.”
