“Do one thing every day that scares you.”
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”
“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”
“Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.”
“Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.”
“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“If you're reading this  Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.”
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.”
“What's meant to be will always find a way”
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”
“Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.”
“The unexamined life is not worth living.”
“You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.”
“Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.”
“It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.”
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.”
“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.”
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“I dream my painting and I paint my dream.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”
“And still, after all this time, The sun never says to the earth, "You owe Me." Look what happens with A love like that, It lights the Whole Sky.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.”
“There are years that ask questions and years that answer.”
“You need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select your clothes every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only thing you should be trying to control.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.”
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.”
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“Love is the absence of judgment.”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”
“The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. Maybe they always have been and will be. Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. And maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. That means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come.”
“I read once that the ancient Egyptians had fifty words for sand & the Eskimos had a hundred words for snow. I wish I had a thousand words for love, but all that comes to mind is the way you move against me while you sleep & there are no words for that.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.”
“If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.”
“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
“You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.”
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
“The soul is healed by being with children.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
“There is freedom waiting for you, On the breezes of the sky, And you ask "What if I fall?" Oh but my darling, What if you fly?”
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”
“Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. ”
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Tomorrow will be better.” “But what if it’s not?” I asked. “Then you say it again tomorrow. Because it might be. You never know, right? At some point, tomorrow will be better.”
“It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.”
“Do stuff. be clenched, curious. Not waiting for inspiration's shove or society's kiss on your forehead. Pay attention. It's all about paying attention. attention is vitality. It connects you with others. It makes you eager. stay eager.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”
“I've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. At first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. The next day you want more. You're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.You think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. But then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. Now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. If he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. And just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love."- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me.”
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.”
“Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us.”
“You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
“So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their endings.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts. There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature -- the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.”
“The greatest disease in the West today is not TB or leprosy; it is being unwanted, unloved, and uncared for. We can cure physical diseases with medicine, but the only cure for loneliness, despair, and hopelessness is love. There are many in the world who are dying for a piece of bread but there are many more dying for a little love. The poverty in the West is a different kind of poverty -- it is not only a poverty of loneliness but also of spirituality. There's a hunger for love, as there is a hunger for God.”
“Music has always been a matter of Energy to me, a question of Fuel. Sentimental people call it Inspiration, but what they really mean is Fuel. I have always needed Fuel. I am a serious consumer. On some nights I still believe that a car with the gas needle on empty can run about fifty more miles if you have the right music very loud on the radio.”
“Why do they always teach us that it's easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It's the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage. I mean, what we really want.”
“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“The animal merely makes a bed, which he warms with his body in a sheltered place; but man, having discovered fire, boxes up some air in a spacious apartment, and warms that, instead of robbing himself, makes that his bed, in which he can move about divested of more cumbrous clothing, maintain a kind of summer in the midst of winter, and by means of windows even admit the light and with a lamp lengthen out the day.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking”
“Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent. And don’t bother concealing your thievery - celebrate it if you feel like it. In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from - it’s where you take them to." [ MovieMaker Magazine #53 - Winter, January 22, 2004 ]”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“There is no dishonor in losing the race. There is only dishonor in not racing because you are afraid to lose.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.”
“You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility for your life.”
“When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“All the effort in the world won't matter if you're not inspired.”
“Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.”
“Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.”
“If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring . I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.”
“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“I ask not for any crown But that which all may win; Nor try to conquer any world Except the one within.”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.”
“In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.”
“You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Imagination is the highest form of research.”
“Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of heaven, Blossomed the lovely stars, the forget-me-nots of the angels.”
“Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.”
“The price of greatness is responsibility.”
“Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.”
“Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.”
“A single day is enough to make us a little larger or, another time, a little smaller.”
“People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they’re not on your road doesn’t mean they’ve gotten lost.”
“Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.”
“When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.”
“You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.”
“My Lord God, I have no idea where I am going. I do not see the road ahead of me. I cannot know for certain where it will end. Nor do I really know myself, and the fact that I think that I am following your will does not mean that I am actually doing so. But I believe that the desire to please you does in fact please you. And I hope I have that desire in all that I am doing. I hope that I will never do anything apart from that desire. And I know that if I do this you will lead me by the right road though I may know nothing about it. Therefore will I trust you always though I may seem to be lost and in the shadow of death. I will not fear, for you are ever with me, and you will never leave me to face my perils alone.”
“Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”
“Anger   it's a paralyzing emotion   you can't get anything done. People sort of think it's an interesting, passionate, and igniting feeling — I don't think it's any of that — it's helpless   it's absence of control — and I need all of my skills, all of the control, all of my powers   and anger doesn't provide any of that — I have no use for it whatsoever." [Interview with CBS radio host Don Swaim, September 15, 1987.]”
“Always remember, your focus determines your reality.”
“The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”
“Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.”
“Why must people kneel down to pray? If I really wanted to pray I’ll tell you what I'd do. I'd go out into a great big field all alone or in the deep, deep woods and I'd look up into the sky—up—up—up—into that lovely blue sky that looks as if there was no end to its blueness. And then I'd just feel a prayer.”
“No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse.”
“Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.”
“Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit”
“The things we do outlast our mortality. The things we do are like monuments that people build to honor heroes after they've died. They're like the pyramids that the Egyptians built to honor the pharaohs. Only instead of being made of stone, they're made out of the memories people have of you.”
“You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”
“What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity  and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“I like to imagine that the world is one big machine. You know, machines never have any extra parts. They have the exact number and type of parts they need. So I figure if the entire world is a big machine, I have to be here for some reason. And that means you have to be here for some reason, too.”
“You are the only you God made  God made you and broke the mold.”
“The first and final thing you have to do in this world is to last it and not be smashed by it.”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“There are never enough 'I love you's.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
“You are the master of your destiny. You can influence, direct and control your own environment. You can make your life what you want it to be.”
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.”
“The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.”
“A bruise is a lesson  and each lesson makes us better.”
“Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Don't loaf and invite inspiration; light out after it with a club.”
“Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.”
“Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.”
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”
“All knowledge is worth having.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.”
“When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”
“It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but that you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“Societies in decline have no use for visionaries.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.”
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.”
“Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’.”
“Take it easy, but take it.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Life is filled with unanswered questions, but it is the courage to seek those answers that continues to give meaning to life. You can spend your life wallowing in despair, wondering why you were the one who was led towards the road strewn with pain, or you can be grateful that you are strong enough to survive it.”
“I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes. After that I liked jazz music. Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way. I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Hikayatin mo lahat ng kakilala mo na magkaroon ng kahit isa man lang paboritong libro sa buhay nila. Dahil wala nang mas kawawa pa sa mga taong literado pero hindi nagbabasa.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”
“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You cannot expect victory and plan for defeat.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“speak quietly to yourself & promise there will be better days. whisper gently to yourself and provide assurance that you really are extending your best effort. console your bruised and tender spirit with reminders of many other successes. offer comfort in practical and tangible ways - as if you were encouraging your dearest friend. recognize that on certain days the greatest grace is that the day is over and you get to close your eyes. tomorrow comes more brightly ”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“There are, it seems, two muses: the Muse of Inspiration, who gives us inarticulate visions and desires, and the Muse of Realization, who returns again and again to say "It is yet more difficult than you thought." This is the muse of form. It may be then that form serves us best when it works as an obstruction, to baffle us and deflect our intended course. It may be that when we no longer know what to do, we have come to our real work and when we no longer know which way to go, we have begun our real journey. The mind that is not baffled is not employed. The impeded stream is the one that sings.”
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Reach high, for stars lie hidden in you. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Few people know how to take a walk. The qualifications are endurance, plain clothes, old shoes, an eye for nature, good humor, vast curiosity, good speech, good silence and nothing too much.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.”
“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Ideas come from everything”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“Destiny is a name often given in retrospect to choices that had dramatic consequences.”
“Collect books, even if you don't plan on reading them right away. Nothing is more important than an unread library.”
“4. Religion. Your reason is now mature enough to examine this object. In the first place, divest yourself of all bias in favor of novelty & singularity of opinion  shake off all the fears & servile prejudices, under which weak minds are servilely crouched. Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear . You will naturally examine first, the religion of your own country. Read the Bible, then as you would read Livy or Tacitus . The facts which are within the ordinary course of nature, you will believe on the authority of the writer, as you do those of the same kind in Livy and Tacitus . The testimony of the writer weighs in their favor, in one scale, and their not being against the laws of nature, does not weigh against them. But those facts in the Bible which contradict the laws of nature, must be examined with more care, and under a variety of faces. Here you must recur to the pretensions of the writer to inspiration from God. Examine upon what evidence his pretensions are founded, and whether that evidence is so strong, as that its falsehood would be more improbable than a change in the laws of nature, in the case he relates. For example in the book of Joshua we are told the sun stood still several hours. Were we to read that fact in Livy or Tacitus we should class it with their showers of blood, speaking of statues, beasts, &c. But it is said that the writer of that book was inspired. Examine therefore candidly what evidence there is of his having been inspired. The pretension is entitled to your inquiry, because millions believe it. On the other hand you are astronomer enough to know how contrary it is to the law of nature that a body revolving on its axis as the earth does, should have stopped, should not by that sudden stoppage have prostrated animals, trees, buildings, and should after a certain time have resumed its revolution, & that without a second general prostration. Is this arrest of the earth's motion, or the evidence which affirms it, most within the law of probabilities? You will next read the New Testament. It is the history of a personage called Jesus. Keep in your eye the opposite pretensions: 1, of those who say he was begotten by God, born of a virgin, suspended & reversed the laws of nature at will, & ascended bodily into heaven; and 2, of those who say he was a man of illegitimate birth, of a benevolent heart, enthusiastic mind, who set out without pretensions to divinity, ended in believing them, and was punished capitally for sedition, by being gibbeted, according to the Roman law, which punished the first commission of that offence by whipping, & the second by exile, or death in fureâ .  Do not be frightened from this inquiry by any fear of its consequences. If it ends in a belief that there is no God, you will find incitements to virtue in the comfort and pleasantness you feel in its exercise, and the love of others which it will procure you  In fine, I repeat, you must lay aside all prejudice on both sides, and neither believe nor reject anything, because any other persons, or description of persons, have rejected or believed it  I forgot to observe, when speaking of the New Testament, that you should read all the histories of Christ, as well of those whom a council of ecclesiastics have decided for us, to be Pseudo-evangelists, as those they named Evangelists. Because these Pseudo-evangelists pretended to inspiration, as much as the others, and you are to judge their pretensions by your own reason, and not by the reason of those ecclesiastics. Most of these are lost  [ Letter to his nephew, Peter Carr, advising him in matters of religion, 1787 ]”
“America just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“First forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you're inspired or not. Habit will help you finish and polish your stories. Inspiration won't. Habit is persistence in practice.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“If there's only one nation in the sky, shouldn't all passports be valid for it?”
“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
“Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin.”
“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
“Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. ”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“repeat after me: you owe no one your forgiveness. - except maybe yourself.”
“If you had started doing anything two weeks ago, by today you would have been two weeks better at it.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“What difference do it make if the thing you scared of is real or not?”
“I have stolen ideas from every book I have ever read.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”
“Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.”
“For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.”
“Nikolai had been told that hope was dangerous, had been warned of it many times. But he’d never believed that. Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home.”
“A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare to the jeweled vision of a life started anew.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration. ”
“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“What we do comes out of who we believe we are.”
“Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.” "Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“A book is a device to ignite the imagination.”
“‎Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Never pity yourself. Be a hard master to yourself-and be lenient to everybody else.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“It had been startling and disappointing to me to find out that story books had been written by people, that books were not natural wonders, coming up of themselves like grass. Yet regardless of where they come from, I cannot remember a time when I was not in love with them -- with the books themselves, cover and binding and the paper they were printed on, with their smell and their weight and with their possession in my arms, captured and carried off to myself. Still illiterate, I was ready for them, committed to all the reading I could give them  ”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Do you understand how amazing it is to hear that from an adult? Do you know how amazing it is to hear that from anybody? It's one of the simplest sentences in the world, just four words, but they're the four hugest words in the world when they're put together. You can do it. I can do it. Let's do it.”
“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“You're better than this. Better than whatever it is you're going to do now.”
“I stay cool, and dig all jive, That's the way I stay alive. My motto, as I live and learn, is Dig and be dug In return.”
“We must assume every event has significance and contains a message that pertains to our questions this especially applies to what we used to call bad things the challenge is to find the silver lining in every event, no matter how negative.”
“The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.”
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Serenity is when you get above all this, when it doesn't matter what they think, say or want, but when you do as you are, and see God and Devil as one.”
“We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.”
“Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.”
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.”
“Fear is inevitable, I have to accept that, but I cannot allow it to paralyze me.”
“The greatest personal limitation is to be found not in the things you want to do and can't, but in the things you've never considered doing.”
“The advice I like to give young artists, or really anybody who'll listen to me, is not to wait around for inspiration. Inspiration is for amateurs; the rest of us just show up and get to work. If you wait around for the clouds to part and a bolt of lightning to strike you in the brain, you are not going to make an awful lot of work. All the best ideas come out of the process; they come out of the work itself. Things occur to you. If you're sitting around trying to dream up a great art idea, you can sit there a long time before anything happens. But if you just get to work, something will occur to you and something else will occur to you and something else that you reject will push you in another direction. Inspiration is absolutely unnecessary and somehow deceptive. You feel like you need this great idea before you can get down to work, and I find that's almost never the case.”
“The whales do not sing because they have an answer, they sing because they have a song.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write about it. ”
“To see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. If there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. To make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes.”
“Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it.”
“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“Our job in this life is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already are and become it.”
“If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.”
“If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.”
“Sometimes you need to sit lonely on the floor in a quiet room in order to hear your own voice and not let it drown in the noise of others.”
“A poet's work . . . to name the unnamable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world and stop it from going to sleep.”
“Writing is something that you don't know how to do. You sit down and it's something that happens, or it may not happen. So, how can you teach anybody how to write? It's beyond me, because you yourself don't even know if you're going to be able to. I'm always worried, well, you know, every time I go upstairs with my wine bottle. Sometimes I'll sit at that typewriter for fifteen minutes, you know. I don't go up there to write. The typewriter's up there. If it doesn't start moving, I say, well this could be the night that I hit the dust.”
“If you can approach the world's complexities, both its glories and its horrors, with an attitude of humble curiosity, acknowledging that however deeply you have seen, you have only scratched the surface, you will find worlds within worlds, beauties you could not heretofore imagine, and your own mundane preoccupations will shrink to proper size, not all that important in the greater scheme of things.”
“If you want to be a doormat you have to lay yourself down first.”
“Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward; how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now, if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You're better than that! I'm always gonna love you, no matter what. No matter what happens. You're my son and you're my blood. You're the best thing in my life. But until you start believing in yourself, you ain't gonna have a life.”
“So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.”
“Be fearless. Have the courage to take risks. Go where there are no guarantees. Get out of your comfort zone even if it means being uncomfortable. The road less traveled is sometimes fraught with barricades bumps and uncharted terrain. But it is on that road where your character is truly tested And have the courage to accept that you’re not perfect nothing is and no one is — and that’s OK.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“To progress in life, I don’t focus on how much I have done but on how much I have yet to do.”
“The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just.”
“We habitually erect a barrier called blame that keeps us from communicating genuinely with others, and we fortify it with our concepts of who's right and who's wrong. We do that with the people who are closest to us and we do it with political systems, with all kinds of things that we don't like about our associates or our society. It is a very common, ancient, well-perfected device for trying to feel better. Blame others .Blaming is a way to protect your heart, trying to protect what is soft and open and tender in yourself. Rather than own that pain, we scramble to find some comfortable ground.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“There's more to life than love.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“Most of us are not raised to actively encounter our destiny. We may not know that we have one. As children, we are seldom told we have a place in life that is uniquely ours alone. Instead, we are encouraged to believe that our life should somehow fulfill the expectations of others, that we will (or should) find our satisfactions as they have found theirs. Rather than being taugh to ask ourselves who we are, we are schooled to ask others. We are, in effect, trained to listen to others' versions of ourselves. We are brought up in our life as told to us by someone else! When we survey our lives, seeking to fulfill our creativity, we often see we had a dream that went glimmering because we believed, and those around us believed, that the dream was beyond our reach. Many of us would have been, or at least might have been, done, tried something, if  If we had known who we really were.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Turn around and believe that the good news that we are loved is better than we ever dared hope, and that to believe in that good news, to live out of it and toward it, to be in love with that good news, is of all glad things in this world the gladdest thing of all. Amen, and come Lord Jesus.”
“Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”
“Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.”
“I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art.”
“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
“Alcohol makes other people less tedious, and food less bland, and can help provide what the Greeks called entheos , or the slight buzz of inspiration when reading or writing. The only worthwhile miracle in the New Testament—the transmutation of water into wine during the wedding at Cana—is a tribute to the persistence of Hellenism in an otherwise austere Judaea. The same applies to the seder at Passover, which is obviously modeled on the Platonic symposium: questions are asked (especially of the young) while wine is circulated. No better form of sodality has ever been devised: at Oxford one was positively expected to take wine during tutorials. The tongue must be untied. It's not a coincidence that Omar Khayyam, rebuking and ridiculing the stone-faced Iranian mullahs of his time, pointed to the value of the grape as a mockery of their joyless and sterile regime. Visiting today's Iran, I was delighted to find that citizens made a point of defying the clerical ban on booze, keeping it in their homes for visitors even if they didn't particularly take to it themselves, and bootlegging it with great brio and ingenuity. These small revolutions affirm the human.”
“There is really nothing more to say-except why. But since why is difficult to handle, one must take refuge in how.”
“It turned out this man worked for the Dalai Lama. And she said gently-that they believe when a lot of things start going wrong all at once, it is to protect something big and lovely that is trying to get itself born-and that this something needs for you to be distracted so that it can be born as perfectly as possible.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?”
“When you ask God for a gift, Be thankful if he sends, Not diamonds, pearls or riches, but the love of real true friends.”
“You are strong enough to survive the fall”
“My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer, from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.”
“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”
“Rule your mind or it will rule you.”
“Don't give me songs, give me something to sing about!”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Love has no culture, boundaries, race and religion. It is pure and beautiful like early morning sunrise falling in lake.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“This is my living faith, an active faith, a faith of verbs: to question, explore, experiment, experience, walk, run, dance, play, eat, love, learn, dare, taste, touch, smell, listen, speak, write, read, draw, provoke, emote, scream, sin, repent, cry, kneel, pray, bow, rise, stand, look, laugh, cajole, create, confront, confound, walk back, walk forward, circle, hide, and seek.”
“Head up, heart open. To better days!”
“If you get stuck, get away from your desk. Take a walk, take a bath, go to sleep, make a pie, draw, listen to ­music, meditate, exercise; whatever you do, don't just stick there scowling at the problem. But don't make telephone calls or go to a party; if you do, other people's words will pour in where your lost words should be. Open a gap for them, create a space. Be patient.”
“APPLY WITHIN You once told me You wanted to find Yourself in the world - And I told you to First apply within, To discover the world within you. You once told me You wanted to save The world from all its wars - And I told you to First save yourself From the world, And all the wars You put yourself Through. APPLY WITHIN by Suzy Kassem”
“Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
“Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?”
“Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.”
“The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor.”
“The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
“If you want to be proud of yourself, then do things in which you can take pride”
“The firmest friendships have been formed in mutual adversity, as iron is most strongly united by the fiercest flame”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“I think of myself as a bad writer with big ideas, but I'd rather be that than a big writer with bad ideas.”
“Improvement makes strait roads, but the crooked roads without Improvement, are roads of Genius.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.”
“I confess I do not know why, but looking at the stars always makes me dream.”
“We do not start as dust. We do not end as dust. We make more than dust. That's all we ask of you. Make more than dust.”
“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go  ..is found freedom. In the letting go  .. is found the flight!”
“Every villian is a hero in his own mind.”
“One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it’s happened.”
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“It’s pretty confusing.” “Good. Be confused. Confusion is where inspiration comes from.”
“Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.”
“Sometimes it takes a while to recognize that someone has a special ability to get us to believe in ourselves, to tie that belief to our highest ideals, and to imagine that together we can do great things. In those rare moments, when such a person comes along, we need to put aside our plans and reach for what we know is possible.”
“What kind of life can you have in a house without books?”
“The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.”
“What it means to be authentic: - to be more concerned with truth than opinions - to be sincere and not pretend - to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk" - to know who you are and to be that person - to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities - being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself - being awake to your own feelings - being free from others' opinions of you - accepting and loving yourself”
“Reminds us that greatness lies even in the smallest of moments, in the humblest of hearts, and we shall, each of us, be called to greatness. Whether we shall rise to meet it or let it slip away is the challenge put before us all.”
“Control Your Own Destiny or Someone Else Will”
“If you think you are beaten, you are If you think you dare not, you don't, If you like to win, but you think you can't It is almost certain you won't. If you think you'll lose, you're lost For out of the world we find, Success begins with a fellow's will It's all in the state of mind. If you think you are outclassed, you are You've got to think high to rise, You've got to be sure of yourself before You can ever win a prize. Life's battles don't always go To the stronger or faster man, But soon or late the man who wins Is the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!”
“The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.”
“No human should mislead another by promising them something they know to be untrue.”
“You either have to write or you shouldn't be writing. That's all.”
“Pride is a funny thing; it can make what is truly worthless appear to be a treasure.”
“We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.”
“We are important and our lives are important, magnificent really, and their details are worthy to be recorded. This is how writers must think, this is how we must sit down with pen in hand. We were here; we are human beings; this is how we lived. Let it be known, the earth passed before us. Our details are important. Otherwise, if they are not, we can drop a bomb and it doesn't matter. . . Recording the details of our lives is a stance against bombs with their mass ability to kill, against too much speed and efficiency. A writer must say yes to life, to all of life: the water glasses, the Kemp's half-and-half, the ketchup on the counter. It is not a writer's task to say, "It is dumb to live in a small town or to eat in a café when you can eat macrobiotic at home." Our task is to say a holy yes to the real things of our life as they exist – the real truth of who we are: several pounds overweight, the gray, cold street outside, the Christmas tinsel in the showcase, the Jewish writer in the orange booth across from her blond friend who has black children. We must become writers who accept things as they are, come to love the details, and step forward with a yes on our lips so there can be no more noes in the world, noes that invalidate life and stop these details from continuing.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“When the poet Paul Valery once asked Albert Einstein if he kept a notebook to record his ideas, Einstein looked at him with mild but genuine surprise. "Oh, that's not necessary," he replied . "It's so seldom I have one.”
“My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.”
“You'll never reach perfection because there's always room for improvement. Yet get along the way to perfection, you'll learn to get better.”
“And empty words are evil.”
“sometimes knowing when to give up is the real test of character  -annabelle granger”
“I refuse to believe that Hendrix had the last possessed hand, that Joplin had the last drunken throat, that Morrison had the last enlightened mind.”
“The ‘Muse’ is not an artistic mystery, but a mathematical equation. The gift are those ideas you think of as you drift to sleep. The giver is that one you think of when you first awake.”
“It was being a runner that mattered, not how fast or how far I could run. The joy was in the act of running and in the journey, not in the destination. We have a better chance of seeing where we are when we stop trying to get somewhere else. We can enjoy every moment of movement, as long as where we are is as good as where we'd like to be. That's not to say that you need to be satisfied forever with where you are today. But you need to honor what you've accomplished, rather than thinking of what's left to be done (p. 159).”
“Men are born to succeed, not to fail.”
“A Manifesto for Introverts 1. There's a word for 'people who are in their heads too much': thinkers. 2. Solitude is a catalyst for innovation. 3. The next generation of quiet kids can and must be raised to know their own strengths. 4. Sometimes it helps to be a pretend extrovert. There will always be time to be quiet later. 5. But in the long run, staying true to your temperament is key to finding work you love and work that matters. 6. One genuine new relationship is worth a fistful of business cards. 7. It's OK to cross the street to avoid making small talk. 8. 'Quiet leadership' is not an oxymoron. 9. Love is essential; gregariousness is optional. 10. 'In a gentle way, you can shake the world.' -Mahatma Gandhi”
“And if I'm alone in bed, I will go to the window, look up at the sky, and feel certain that loneliness is a lie, because the Universe is there to keep me company.”
“Receive with simplicity everything that happens to you.”
“What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature’s course.”
“Imagine others complexly.”
“Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.”
“In the sky there are always answers and explanations for everything: every pain, every suffering, joy and confusion.”
“Inspiration is a guest that does not willingly visit the lazy.”
“Fame you'll be famous, as famous as can be, with everyone watching you win on TV, Except when they don't because sometimes they won't..”
“If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.”
“I must work harder to achieve my goal of not seeking approval from those whose approval I'm not even sure is important to me.”
“Lots of people would be as cowardly as me if they were brave enough.”
“Never give advice unless you have walked the walk, because anybody can talk the talk.”
“I'm restless. Things are calling me away. My hair is being pulled by the stars again.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Like madness is the glory of this life.”
“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”
“All paradises, all utopias are designed by who is not there, by the people who are not allowed in. [Conversation with Elizabeth Farnsworth, PBS NewsHour , March 9, 1998]”
“How you react emotionally is a choice in any situation.”
“Tears are a river that takes you somewhere…Tears lift your boat off the rocks, off dry ground, carrying it downriver to someplace better.”
“The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands. You seek problems because you need their gifts.”
“It was so strange, the way that life moved forward: the twists and the dead ends, the sudden opportunities. She supposed if you could predict or foresee everything that was going to happen, you’d lose the motivation to go through it all. The promise was always in the possibility.”
“I just want to do something that matters. Or be something that matters. I just want to matter.”
“If something burns your soul with purpose and desire, it’s your duty to be reduced to ashes by it. Any other form of existence will be yet another dull book in the library of life.”
“If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.”
“I think fitting in is highly overrated. I’d rather just fit out  Fitting out means being who you are, even when people insist that you have to change. Fitting out means taking up space, not apologizing for yourself, and not agreeing with those who seek to label you with stereotypes.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all.”
“I am not a little bit of many things; but I am the sufficient representation of many things. I am not an incompletion of all these races; but I am a masterpiece of the prolific. I am an entirety, I am not a lack of anything; rather I am a whole of many things. God did not see it needful to make me generic. He thinks I am better than that.”
“What I think the political correctness debate is really about is the power to be able to define. The definers want the power to name. And the defined are now taking that power away from them.”
“At a certain age almost all the questions a person asks him or herself are really just about one thing: how should you live your life?”
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”
“Stories make us more alive, more human, more courageous, more loving.”
“Our biggest regrets are not for the things we have done but for the things we haven't done”
“The laughter of the world is merely loneliness pathetically trying to reassure itself.”
“until the end of the world,all whys will be answered,but now,you can only ask!”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Unless God has raised you up for this very thing, you will be worn out by the opposition of men and devils. But if God be for you, who can be against you? Are all of them together stronger than God? O be not weary of well doing!”
“I believe that what we get out of life is what we've set ourselves up to get, so there's no such thing as an inconsequential decision. Our destinies are the culmination of all the choices we've made along the way, which is why it's imperative to listen hard to your inner voice when it speaks up. Don't let anyone else's noise drown it out.”
“If you make art, people will talk about it. Some of the things they say will be nice, some won’t. You’ll already have made that art, and when they’re talking about the last thing you did, you should already be making the next thing. If bad reviews (of whatever kind) upset you, just don’t read them. It’s not like you’ve signed an agreement with the person buying the book to exchange your book for their opinion. Do whatever you have to do to keep making art. I know people who love bad reviews, because it means they’ve made something happen and made people talk; I know people who have never read any of their reviews. It’s their call. You get on with making art.”
“Only those who look with the eyes of children can lose themselves in the object of their wonder. ”
“Vital lives are about action. You can't feel warmth unless you create it, can't feel delight until you play, can't know serendipity unless you risk.”
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”
“Be curious about the world in which you live. Look things up. Chase down every reference. Go deeper than anybody else--that's how you'll get ahead.”
“There's two kinds of women--those you write poems about and those you don't.”
“Your life is your spiritual path. It's what's right in front of you. You can't live anyone else's life. The task is to live yours and stop trying to copy one you think looks better.”
“Love changes things; hope allows us to endure until the change arrives.”
“When writing, there are some scenes that are emotionally overwhelming. They completely overcome the author, and only when they do this can they cause a similar reaction in the reader. Through this, the author gets to experience multiple lives. If a character's life flashes before their eyes, it flashes before the author's eyes too, and he or she remembers it as his or her own. With reading, we get to live other lives vicariously, and this is doubly so with writing. It is like a lucid dream, where we guide the outcome. In this, we don't merely write *about* a character -- we momentarily *become* them, and walk as they walk, think as they think, and do as they do. When we return to our own life, we might return a little shaken, likely a little stronger, hopefully a little wiser. What is certain is that we return better, because experiencing the lives of others makes us understand their aims and dreams, their fears and foils, the challenges and difficulties, and joys and triumphs, that they face. It helps us grow and empathise, and see all the little pictures that make up the bigger one we see from the omniscience of the narrator.”
“We have to endure the discordance between imagination and fact. It is better to say, “I am suffering,” than to say, “This landscape is ugly.”
“Never judge a work of art by its defects”
“Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall trouble or hardship or persecution or famine or nakedness or danger or sword? 36 As it is written: "For your sake we face death all day long; we are considered as sheep to be slaughtered." 37 No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. 38 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, 39 neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.”
“It is never too late to turn on the light. Your ability to break an unhealthy habit or turn off an old tape doesn't depend on how long it has been running; a shift in perspective doesn't depend on how long you've held on to the old view. When you flip the switch in that attic, it doesn't matter whether its been dark for ten minutes, ten years or ten decades. The light still illuminates the room and banishes the murkiness, letting you see the things you couldn't see before. Its never too late to take a moment to look.”
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”
“Failure is an event, never a person.”
“The poet dreams of the mountain Sometimes I grow weary of the days, with all their fits and starts. I want to climb some old gray mountains, slowly, taking The rest of my lifetime to do it, resting often, sleeping Under the pines or, above them, on the unclothed rocks. I want to see how many stars are still in the sky That we have smothered for years now, a century at least. I want to look back at everything, forgiving it all, And peaceful, knowing the last thing there is to know. All that urgency! Not what the earth is about! How silent the trees, their poetry being of themselves only. I want to take slow steps, and think appropriate thoughts. In ten thousand years, maybe, a piece of the mountain will fall.”
“The potential of the average person is like a huge ocean unsailed, a new continent unexplored, a world of possibilities waiting to be released and channeled toward some great good. ”
“Never curse a fall. The ground is where humility lives.”
“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
“A mind possessed by unmade books.”
“I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”
“Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember ~ the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.”
“Some people look as if they have lost their eagerness and passion. Their aspiration seems to be exhausted and fresh inspiration has abandoned their weary mind. Life has boundlessly given them material welfare, which has fully spoiled them in the end. No energy for longing has been left, as they have reached a twilight zone. The twilight of desire. ( "Twilight of desire" )”
“Gamitin ang puso para alagaan ang taong malapit sayo. Gamitin ang utak para alagaan ang sarili mo.”
“Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.”
“Love is only a word, until we decide to let it possess us with all its force. Love is only a word, until someone arrives to give it meaning. Don't give up. Remember, it's always the last key on the key ring that opens the door.”
“Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.”
“All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.”
“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Each person you meet is an aspect of yourself, clamoring for love.”
“It doesn't matter how great your shoes are if you don't accomplish anything in them.”
“I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city. The noise and all its people. I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there. Two hours later we arrived in a small town, one of those towns with one single coffee shop and where everyone knows each other’s name. I walked for a while until I found the water, the most peaceful place I know. There I sat and stayed the whole day, with nothing and everything on my mind, cleaning my head. Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound.”
“A challenge only becomes an obstacle when you bow to it.”
“Maybe it's what we don't say/that saves us.”
“Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“In my experience, nothing worthwhile has ever really been all that easy. But it certainly has been worthwhile regardless how difficult it seemed. ”
“Accidents happen. Our bones shatter, our skin splits, our hearts break. We burn, we drown, we stay alive.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“At that moment, the urge to be writing was stronger than any notion she had of what she might write.”
“Emotion is ‘recognition’. When treasured moments are identified in the jungle of our personal history during a visual or aural encounter, we capture magic sparks from our past, arousing flashes of insight and revealing an inner flare. These instants of recognition may kindle enthralling emotion and fulfilling inspiration. (“Those journeys of love”)”
“He knew you can't really be strong until you can see a funny side of things.”
“History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are. ”
“Just as anyone who listens to the muse will hear, you can write out of your own intention or out of inspiration. There is such a thing. It comes up and talks. And those who have heard deeply the rhythms and hymns of the gods, can recite those hymns in such a way that the gods will be attracted.”
“You never know when the truth will come home. You can’t choose the time. The time chooses you.”
“Your story may not have such a happy beginning but that does not make you who you are, it is the rest of it- who you choose to be”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“Hello!" He said hello and then said, "What are you up to now?" "I'm still crazy. The rain feels good. I love to walk in it. "I don't think I'd like that," he said. "You might if you tried." "I never have." She licked her lips. "Rain even tastes good." "What do you do, go around trying everything once?" he asked. "Sometimes twice.”
“We light the oven so that everyone may bake bread in it.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“Stand at the top of a cliff and jump off and build your wings on the way down.”
“There's nothing more inspiring than the complexity and beauty of the human heart.”
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Chase your dreams until you catch them and then dream, catch, and dream again! ”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
“I don't know exactly where ideas come from, but when I'm working well ideas just appear. I've heard other people say similar things - so it's one of the ways I know there's help and guidance out there. It's just a matter of our figuring out how to receive the ideas or information that are waiting to be heard.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“I learned that inspiration does not come like a bolt, nor is it kinetic, energetic striving, but it comes into us slowly and quietly and all the time, though we must regularly and every day give it a little chance to start flowing, prime it with a little solitude and idleness.”
“Buddha had said: "Each of us is a God. Each of us knows all. We need only open our minds to hear our own wisdom.”
“Music is pleasing not only because of the sound but because of the silence that is in it: without the alternation of sound and silence there would be no rhythm.”
“Silence is the language of Om. We need silence to be able to reach our Self. Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love.”
“I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled [poets] to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.”
“But I suppose you must touch life in order to spring from it.”
“Vulnerability is not knowing victory or defeat, it’s understanding the necessity of both; it’s engaging. It’s being all in.”
“Like a child who saves their favourite food on the plate for last, I try to save all thoughts of you for the end of the day so I can dream with the taste of you on my tongue.”
“There is nothing stronger than gentleness.”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“I write only when inspiration strikes. Fortunately it strikes every morning at nine o'clock sharp.”
“If you only write when inspired, you may be a fairly decent poet, but you'll never be a novelist.”
“The stars up there at night are closer than you think.”
“Doubt is a question mark; faith is an exclamation point. The most compelling, believable, realistic stories have included them both.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Once our imagination starts collapsing and the fragrant blossoms of our inspiration are wilting, petal after petal, our awareness may shake to its foundations, but nothing might deter us if we find the strength to rediscover the path back to the undifferentiated groundedness of our being and the essence of our roots. ("One drink after work.")”
“If the giddiness of life and the pressure of time might make us tumble from our tight line, let us inhale the wisdom of our inspiration and reshape our “inner void” into an “inner space” and refurbish it with the fundamental, vital particles of our everyday experience. ("One drink after work.")”
“Others may write from the head, but he writes from the heart, and the heart will always understand him.”
“One night a friend lent me a book of short stories by Franz Kafka. I went back to the pension where I was staying and began to read The Metamorphosis. The first line almost knocked me off the bed. I was so surprised. The first line reads, “As Gregor Samsa awoke that morning from uneasy dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a gigantic insect. . . .” When I read the line I thought to myself that I didn’t know anyone was allowed to write things like that. If I had known, I would have started writing a long time ago. So I immediately started writing short stories.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“ The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful. If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living . I am not speaking, of course, of the beauty which strikes the senses, of the beauty of qualities and appearances. I am far from despising this, but it has nothing to do with science. What I mean is that more intimate beauty which comes from the harmonious order of its parts, and which a pure intelligence can grasp.”
“A queen offers her hand to be kissed, & can form it into a fist while smiling the whole damn time.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Picasso had a saying - 'good artists copy, great artists steal' - and we have always been shameless about stealing great ideas.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”
“I think you don't grow up until you stop worrying about other people's purposes or lack of them and find the purposes you believe in for yourself.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“Hash, x. There is no definition for this word - nobody knows what hash is. Famous, adj. Conspicuously miserable. Dictionary, n. A malevolent literary device for cramping the growth of a language and making it hard and inelastic. This dictionary, however, is a most useful work.”
“People wonder why so many writers come to live in Paris. I’ve been living ten years in Paris and the answer seems simple to me: because it’s the best place to pick ideas. Just like Italy, Spain.. or Iran are the best places to pick saffron. If you want to pick opium poppies you go to Burma or South-East Asia. And if you want to pick novel ideas, you go to Paris.”
“It’s hard to believe there are people that don’t read books. There’s so much magic in words and well told stories.”
“Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before.”
“Read deeply. Stay open. Continue to wonder.”
“People always ask me "Son what does it take To reach out and touch your dreams?" To them I always say Are you hungry? Are you thirsty? Is it a fire that burns you up inside? How bad do you want it? How bad do you need it? Are you eating, sleeping, dreaming With that one thing on your mind? How bad do you want it? How bad do you need it? Cause if you want it all You've got to lay it all out on the line”
“I am the lover's gift; I am the wedding wreath; I am the memory of a moment of happiness; I am the last gift of the living to the dead; I am a part of joy and a part of sorrow.”
“We are wiser than we know.”
“No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.”
“You don't need to wait for inspiration to write. It's easier to be inspired while writing than while not writing ”
“It's true, I suffer a great deal-- but do I suffer well ? That is the question.”
“Love may be an inexhaustible well of inspiration for writing loads of letters until the wind of unresponsiveness blows frostiness into the fold of expectations.( "Poste restante" )”
“Love can be a natural endowment, a present, or a gift. If it is not just a donation, it can be a divine talent. Since love is a silver bullet, it can make the unimaginable possible through the power of its inspiration. ("Love as dizzy as a cathedral")”
“Lest us piggyback off the inspiration of every lucky instant if we wish to light up the dim specks of our days and allay the thunderous crashing of destiny.( "Just for a moment")”
“You can t coast uphill.”
“Chapter One of My Life. I walk down the street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I fall in. I am lost. I am helpless. It isn't my fault. It still takes forever to find a way out. Chapter Two. I walk down the same street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I pretend I don't see it. I fall in again. I can't believe I'm in the same place! But it isn't my fault. And it still takes a long time to get out. Chapter Three. I walk down the same street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I see it there. I still fall in. It's a habit! My eyes are open. I know where I am. It is my fault. I get out immediately. Chapter Four. I walk down the same street. There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. I walk around it. Chapter Five. I walk down a different street.”
“When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I am going to believe that the best does. It has a fascination of its own, that bend, Marilla. I wonder how the road beyond it goes - what there is of green glory and soft, checkered light and shadows - what new landscapes - what new beauties - what curves and hills and valleys farther on.”
“Because the world is so corrupted, misspoken, unstable, exaggerated and unfair, one should trust only what one can experience with one's own senses, and THIS makes the senses stronger in Italy than anywhere in Europe. This is why, Barzini says, Italians will tolerate hideously incompetent generals, presidents, tyrants, professors, bureaucrats, journalists and captain of industry, but will never tolerate incompetent opera singers, conductors, ballerinas, courtesans, actors, film directors, cooks, tailors  In a world of disorder and disaster and fraud, sometimes only beauty can be trusted. Only artistic excellence is incorruptible. Pleasure cannot be bargained down. And sometimes the meal is the only currency that is real.”
“Call on God, but row away from the rocks.”
“Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. ”
“You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.”
“‎"What does it mean if i'm afraid? Does it mean something bad is going to happen?" "No, it doesn't mean something bad is going to happen. It just means that you have the chance to be brave.”
“I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“stand often in the company of dreamers: they tickle your common sense & believe you can achieve things which are impossible.”
“Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!”
“The best traveler is one without a camera.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“It is the most fun I’m ever going to have. I love to write. I love it. I mean, there’s nothing in the world I like better, and that includes sex, probably because I’m so very bad at it. It’s the greatest peace when I’m in a scene, and it’s just me and the character, that’s it, that’s where I want to live my life.”
“Halfway down the aisle, Jamie suddenly seemed to tire, and they stopped while she caught her breath It was, I remembered thinking, the most difficult walk anyone ever had to make. In every way, a walk to remember.”
“The systematic looting of language can be recognized by the tendency of its users to forgo its nuanced, complex, mid-wifery properties for menace and subjugation. Oppressive language does more than represent violence; it is violence; does more than represent the limits of knowledge; it limits knowledge. Whether it is obscuring state language or the faux-language of mindless media; whether it is the proud but calcified language of the academy or the commodity driven language of science; whether it is the malign language of law-without-ethics, or language designed for the estrangement of minorities, hiding its racist plunder in its literary cheek - it must be rejected, altered and exposed. It is the language that drinks blood, laps vulnerabilities, tucks its fascist boots under crinolines of respectability and patriotism as it moves relentlessly toward the bottom line and the bottomed-out mind. Sexist language, racist language, theistic language - all are typical of the policing languages of mastery, and cannot, do not permit new knowledge or encourage the mutual exchange of ideas. - Toni Morrison, Nobel Lecture, 1993”
“Get immersed in the beauty that surrounds you. No filters, edits, or adjustments. Experience the colors, sounds, textures and smells within your reach. Live.”
“When you are up against a wall, put down roots like a tree, until clarity comes from deeper sources to see over that wall and grow.”
“LXXIX When I die, I want your hands on my eyes. I want the light and wheat of your beloved hands to pass their freshness over me once more. I want to feel the softness that changed my destiny. I want you to live while I wait for you, asleep. I want your ears still to hear the wind, I want you to sniff the sea's aroma that we loved together, to continue to walk on the sand we walk on. I want what I love to continue to live, and you whom I love and sang above everything else. to continue to flourish, full-flowered. So that you can reach everything my love directs you to. So that my shadow can travel along in your hair, so that everything can learn the reason for my song.”
“Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve”
“Forgiveness means letting go of the hope for a better past.”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“You have to salvage what you can, even if you're the one who buried it in the first place.”
“God takes away the minds of poets, and uses them as his ministers, as he also uses diviners and holy prophets, in order that we who hear them may know them to be speaking not of themselves who utter these priceless words in a state of unconsciousness, but that God himself is the speaker, and that through them he is conversing with us. ”
“No man is happy without a delusion of some kind. Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities.”
“Without inspiration, we’re all like a box of matches that will never be lit.”
“Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own. I am the force.”
“No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet introspection.”
“All of us need to be in touch with a mysterious, tantalizing source of inspiration that teases our sense of wonder and goads us on to life’s next adventure.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“Each prayer is like a seed that gets planted in the ground. It disappears for a season, but it eventually bears fruit that blesses future generations. In fact, our prayers bear fruit forever.”
“When prescribing one of the drugs I take, my doctor warned me of a common side effect: exaggerated, intensely vivid dreams. To be honest, I've never really noticed the difference. I've always dreamt big.”
“All men are created equal. Now matter how hard they try, they can never erase those words. That is what America is about.”
“Sometimes you can learn, even from a bad experience. By coping you become stronger. The pain does not go away, but it becomes manageable.”
“I've pursued dreams and achieved them, but I don't think anybody should think their life is incomplete if they don't follow some dream. Happiness doesn't come from achievements, or money, or any sort of treasure. Happiness is a frame of mind, not a destination. It's appreciating what you've got and building relationships with those around you.”
“I wrote a book. It sucked. I wrote nine more books. They sucked, too. Meanwhile, I read every single thing I could find on publishing and writing, went to conferences, joined professional organizations, hooked up with fellow writers in critique groups, and didn’t give up. Then I wrote one more book.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“Have you ever seen the dawn? Not a dawn groggy with lack of sleep or hectic with mindless obligations and you about to rush off on an early adventure or business, but full of deep silence and absolute clarity of perception? A dawning which you truly observe, degree by degree. It is the most amazing moment of birth. And more than anything it can spur you to action. Have a burning day.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.”
“To survive, Let the past Teach you-- Past customs, Struggles, Leaders and thinkers. Let These Help you. Let them inspire you, Warn you, Give you strength. But beware: God is Change. Past is past. What was Cannot Come again. To survive, know the past. Let it touch you. Then let The past Go.”
“Actually, writers have no business writing about their own works. They either wax conceited, saying things like: 'My brilliance is possibly most apparent in my dazzling short story, "The Cookiepants Hypotenuse."' Or else they get unbearably cutesy: 'My cat Ootsywootums has given me all my best ideas, hasn't oo, squeezums?”
“Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day…and treat Life as the ULTIMATE Gift . Because IT IS :)”
“6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break: 1. Stop stressing 2. Stop worrying 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down 4. Lighten up 5. Forgive yourself 6. Forgive others”
“Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.”
“If reading makes you happy, do it. Whatever makes your heart sing and brings you joy, do that too.”
“[B]riefing is not reading. In fact it is the antithesis of reading. Briefing is terse, factual and to the point. Reading is untidy, discursive and perpetually inviting. Briefing closes down a subject, reading opens it up.”
“We would do ourselves a tremendous favor by letting go of the people who poison our spirit.”
“If you can be heard then you exist.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“It isn't the happy ending Ingrid and I had dreamed up, but it's all a part of what I'm working through. The way life changes. The way people and things disappear. Then appear, unexpectedly, and hold you close.”
“Is it true, O Christ in heaven, that the highest suffer the most? That the strongest wander furthest and most hopelessly are lost? That the mark of rank in nature is capacity for pain? That the anguish of the singer makes the sweetness of the strain?”
“Our worst fears, like our greatest hopes, are not outside our powers, and we can come in the end to triumph over the former and to achieve the latter.”
“Although I have the colors, only the Lord can mix them with such harmony.”
“You become what you think about”
“I don’t need any plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.”
“Writers create impressions that inspire, stir emotions, evoke questions and sprinkle seeds of awe.”
“Reading is like travel, allowing you to exit your own life for a bit, and to come back with a renewed, even inspired, perspective.”
“If someone loves you, they should not be envious of you pouring your heart and soul and time and energy into the things that you are passionate about, but instead .they should love you MORE because you are so involved in those things.”
“But the past cannot be changed, and we carry our choices with us, forward, into the unknown. We can only move on.”
“They will only care when you're gone.”
“In fact that is why the lives of most women are so vaguely unsatisfactory. They are always doing secondary and menial things (that do not require all their gifts and ability) for others and never anything for themselves. Society and husbands praise them for it (when they get too miserable or have nervous breakdowns) though always a little perplexedly and half-heartedly and just to be consoling. The poor wives are reminded that that is just why wives are so splendid -- because they are so unselfish and self-sacrificing and that is the wonderful thing about them! But inwardly women know that something is wrong. They sense that if you are always doing something for others, like a servant or nurse, and never anything for yourself, you cannot do others any good. You make them physically more comfortable. But you cannot affect them spiritually in any way at all. For to teach, encourage, cheer up, console, amuse, stimulate or advise a husband or children or friends, you have to be something yourself. [ ]"If you would shut your door against the children for an hour a day and say; 'Mother is working on her five-act tragedy in blank verse!' you would be surprised how they would respect you. They would probably all become playwrights.”
“The only way to support a revolution is to make your own.”
“Don't belittle yourself. Be BIG yourself.”
“Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, for our God is a consuming fire.”
“The point of simple living, for me has got to be: A soft place to land A wide margin of error Room to breathe Lots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“Peace of mind comes when we exercise our right to be honest, especially with ourselves.”
“I’m not aspiring to be someone else – If I’m me for the rest of my life then so be it”
“Do you have any advice for your readers? Lead the life that’s yours instead of faking someone else’s.”
“I'll be inside the one who holds you. And then I won't be. ”
“Most good things have already been said far too many times and just need to be lived.”
“Sustain joy by anchoring yourself with gratitude.”
“Remember to celebrate the small accomplishments along your journey because they will provide the support needed when the road gets rocky. ”
“Imagination is not bound by possibilities. The creative mind will always break the shackles—making the impossible, possible.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“Life’s too short to walk around with your arms crossed and bottom lip poked out. Find a way to smile for yourself even if it’s as simple as licking the spoon clean or putting clean sheets on your bed.”
“Just as it is known That an image of one's face is seen Depending on a mirror But does not really exist as a face, So the conception of "I" exists Dependent on mind and body, But like the image of a face The "I" does not at all exist as its own reality.”
“We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.”
“In 1965, a psychologist named Martin Seligman started shocking dogs. He was trying to expand on the research of Pavlov--the guy who could make dogs salivate when they heard a bell ring. Seligman wanted to head in the other direction, and when he rang his bell, instead of providing food, he zapped the dogs with electricity. To keep them still, he restrained them in a harness during the experiment. After they were conditioned, he put these dogs in a big box with a little fence dividing it into two halves. He figured if the dog rang the bell, it would hop over the fence to escape, but it didn't. It just sat there and braced itself. They decided to try shocking the dog after the bell. The dog still just sat there and took it. When they put a dog in the box that had never been shocked before or had previously been allowed to escape and tried to zap it--it jumped the fence. You are just like these dogs. If, over the course of your life, you have experienced crushing defeat or pummeling abuse or loss of control, you convince yourself over time that there is no escape, and if escape is offered, you will not act--you become a nihilist who trusts futility above optimism. Studies of the clinically depressed show that they often give in to defeat and stop trying. . . Any extended period of negative emotions can lead to you giving in to despair and accepting your fate. If you remain alone for a long time, you will decide loneliness is a fact of life and pass up opportunities to hang out with people. The loss of control in any situation can lead to this state. . . Choices, even small ones, can hold back the crushing weight of helplessness, but you can't stop there. You must fight back your behavior and learn to fail with pride. Failing often is the only way to ever get the things you want out of life. Besides death, your destiny is not inescapable.”
“Pippa's laugh is bitter, tinged with tears. 'Ha! Why do girls think being beautiful will solve every problem? Being beautiful just creates problems. It's a misery. I wish I were someone else.”
“A man who denies his past is a man who truly denies himself a future, for he refuses to know himself, and to deny knowledge of oneself is to stumble through life as handicapped as the blind mute.”
“God has prepared for Himself one great song of praise throughout eternity, and those who enter the community of God join in this song. It is the song that the “morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy” at the creation of the world. (Job 38:7). It is the victory song of the children of Israel after passing through the Red Sea, the Magnificat of Mary after the annunciation, the song of Paul and Silas in the night of prison, the song of the singers on the sea of glass after their rescue, the “song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb” (Rev. 15:3) It is the song of the heavenly fellowship.”
“Writers have influenced thoughts, principals, viewpoints and experiences throughout history. A talented writer’s pen is anointed with magic!”
“O for a Muse of fire, that would ascend The brightest heaven of invention, A kingdom for a stage, princes to act And monarchs to behold the swelling scene! Then should the warlike Harry, like himself, Assume the port of Mars; and at his heels, Leash'd in like hounds, should famine, sword and fire Crouch for employment. But pardon, and gentles all, The flat unraised spirits that have dared On this unworthy scaffold to bring forth So great an object: can this cockpit hold The vasty fields of France? or may we cram Within this wooden O the very casques That did affright the air at Agincourt? O, pardon! since a crooked figure may Attest in little place a million; And let us, ciphers to this great accompt, On your imaginary forces work. Suppose within the girdle of these walls Are now confined two mighty monarchies, Whose high upreared and abutting fronts The perilous narrow ocean parts asunder: Piece out our imperfections with your thoughts; Into a thousand parts divide on man, And make imaginary puissance; Think when we talk of horses, that you see them Printing their proud hoofs i' the receiving earth; For 'tis your thoughts that now must deck our kings, Carry them here and there; jumping o'er times, Turning the accomplishment of many years Into an hour-glass: for the which supply, Admit me Chorus to this history; Who prologue-like your humble patience pray, Gently to hear, kindly to judge, our play.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“As Kevin climbed the three flights of stairs to his apartment, his brain formulated a vague plan of action. He could not have explained it to anyone or even to himself in coherent sentences. But the outline was there in Kevin’s subconscious. It would not only change his life, but many others, as well. A Call to Action had been born.”
“Sometimes I think I live in a gap between two worlds, one world that I have to wake up to, be adherent of the rules and live in a place that is dictated by others. A place I sometimes feel the fear of aging and dying before I have figured out what it is I am here to do. That other world is sweet, fresh and misty, inviting adventure into the unknown, melding ancient wisdom with new discovery; the sunlight turning into moonlight and the spell of eternal life is never broken. Perhaps in that gap I should repair the forgotten bridge from one side to the other, but truth be told, I don't want to. I don't want to because I don't have the energy to fix what is broken within. I am a wild, wandering nomad, I belong everywhere and nowhere all at the same time, and in that gap between worlds, I am free.”
“You say I started out with practically nothing, but that isn't correct. We all start with all there is, it's how we use it that makes things possible.”
“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
“I don't really want people looking to me for inspiration. I just want to be a sign along the way that points toward Heaven.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“There is absolutely no greater high than challenging the power structure as a nobody, giving it your all, and winning!”
“When I met a truly beautiful girl, I would tell her that if she spent the night with me, I would write a novel or a story about her. This usually worked; and if her name was to be in the title of the story, it almost always worked. Then, later, when we'd passed a night of delicious love-making together, after she’d gone and I’d felt that feeling of happiness mixed with sorrow, I sometimes would write a book or story about her. Sometimes her character, her way about herself, her love-making, it sometimes marked me so heavily that I couldn't go on in life and be happy unless I wrote a book or a story about that woman, the happy and sad memory of that woman. That was the only way to keep her, and to say goodbye to her without her ever leaving.”
“The fact that you are still alive assures you that God has something for you to accomplish.”
“it is (often) the quiet gesture which carries the most significance - the one which suddenly directs the symphony.”
“Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.”
“Now I found it in writing sentences. You can write that sentence in a way that you would have written it last year. Or you can write it in the way of the exquisite nuance that is sriting in your mind now. But that takes a lot of   waiting for the right word to come.”
“Someone has to write all those stories: why not me?”
“Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.”
“We have different forms assigned to us in the school of life, different gifts imparted. All is not attractive that is good. Iron is useful, though it does not sparkle like the diamond. Gold has not the fragrance of a flower. So different persons have various modes of excellence, and we must have an eye to all.”
“It’s not just the big moments that count, it’s all of the small actions that feed our heart and soul on a daily basis. Cherish those moments and reflect on how to replicate them often.”
“Inspiration is external and motivation is internal. It is up to me to provide the switch and you to flip it on!”
“For the poet is a light and winged and holy thing, and there is no invention in him until he has been inspired and is out of his senses, and the mind is no longer in him: when he has not attained to this state, he is powerless and is unable to utter his oracles.”
“We have to live a life that is more revolutionary than that of the revolutionaries.”
“One thing I've learnt through writing is this: with everything in life, you have to look down deep into your heart! That fact is true with all things! If you have Jesus inside, He will give you all you need to say, and all the actions you need to do! It's not mere imagination the things I write; they are composed from the words lit up inside of me, from my Creator, who made all things bright!”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“you know, a daydream properly utilized can be the most powerful force in the universe. One need only dream of freedom to begin to break the spell of enslavement.”
“Do not waste the vast majority of your life doing something you hate so that you can spend the small remainder sliver of your life in modest comfort. You may never reach that end anyway. Resist the temptation to get a job. Instead, play. Find something you enjoy doing. Do it. Over and over again. You will become good at it for two reasons: you like it, and you do it often. Soon, that will have value in itself.”
“Shogo. I know I'm repeating myself, but I have to say it. If I were Keiko, this is what I'd say. Please Live. Talk, think, act. And sometimes listen to music  Look at paintings at times to be moved. Laugh a lot, and at times, cry. And if you find a wonderful girl, then you go for her and love her.”
“Until one is committed there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back, always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initative or creation, there is one elementary truth that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves. too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would otherwise never have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in ones's favor all manner of incidents and meetings and material assistance which no man would have believed would have come his way. Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace, and power in it.”
“World peace starts with the Creator- Jesus!!”
“Echo of your thoughts are more important than your actions because that has greater impact on the world.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different.”
“Living is no laughing matter: You must take it seriously. So much so and to such a degree that, for example, your hands tied behind your back, your back to the wall or else in a laboratory in your white coat and safety glasses, you can die for people – even for people whose faces you’ve never seen, even though you know living is the most real, most beautiful thing. I mean, you must take living so seriously that even at seventy, for example, you’ll plant olive trees – and not for your children, either, but because, although you fear death you don’t believe it, because living, I mean, weighs heavier. - "On Living”
“We are told that talent creates its own opportunities. But it sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities but its own talents.”
“You are an Universe of Universes and your soul a source of songs.”
“Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.”
“Jelas sekali bahwasanya rumah tangga yang aman damai ialah gabungan di antara tegapnya laki-laki dan halusnya perempuan.”
“If we are not allowed to deal with small problems, we will be destroyed by slightly larger ones. When we come to understand this, we live our lives not avoiding problems, but welcoming them them as challenges that will strengthen us so that we can be victorious in the future.”
“A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.”
“I’ve always hated the “Who are you?" question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why we’re on earth. You can’t answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator.”
“Sometimes questions are more important than answers.”
“Do Something! I was sitting on a plane after a long, tiring business trip. I was a bit grouchy and irritable because the rigorous schedule I had made for myself left me exhausted. Looking to not talk to the person next to me and simply endure the flight, I decided to open my newspaper and read about what was happening in the world. As I continued to read, it seemed that everywhere I looked there were stories of injustice, pain, suffering, and people losing hope. Finally, fueled by my tired, irritable state, I became overcome with compassion and frustration for the way things were. I got up and went to the bathroom and broke down. With tears streaming down my face, I helplessly looked to the sky and yelled to God. “God, look at this mess. Look at all this pain and suffering. Look at all this killing and hate. God, how could you let this happen? Why don’t you do something?” Just then, a quiet stillness pacified my heart. A feeling of peace I won’t ever forget engulfed my body. And, as I looked into my own eyes in the mirror, the answer to my own question came back to me… “Steve, stop asking God to do something. God already did something, he gave you life. Now YOU do something!”
“The writer's only responsibility is to his art. He will be completely ruthless if he is a good one. He has a dream. It anguishes him so much he must get rid of it. He has no peace until then. Everything goes by the board: honor, pride, decency, security, happiness, all, to get the book written. If a writer has to rob his mother, he will not hesitate; the 'Ode on a Grecian Urn' is worth any number of old ladies.”
“Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there”
“People often belittle the place where they were born but heaven can be found in the most unlikely places.”
“Why give up? Why give in?”
“Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. There's plenty of movement, but you never know if it's going to be forward, backwards, or sideways.”
“Man is a spiritual being, a soul, and at some period of his life everyone is possessed with an irresistible desire to know his relationship to the Infinite. . . . There is something within him which urges him to rise above himself, to control his environment, to master the body and all things physical and live in a higher and more beautiful world.”
“Life is a mystery, and it should be so, for the sorrow that accompanies being human and the choices one will have to make are a burden, too heavy for most to know before their time comes.”
“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“He ran as he'd never run before, with neither hope nor despair. He ran because the world was divided into opposites and his side had already been chosen for him, his only choice being whether or not to play his part with heart and courage. He ran because fate had placed him in a position of responsibility and he had accepted the burden. He ran because his self-respect required it. He ran because he loved his friends and this was the only thing he could do to end the madness that was killing and maiming them.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“Everyone wants a prodigy to fail; it makes our mediocrity more bearable.”
“When we are aware of our weaknesses or negative tendencies, we open the opportunity to work on them.”
“You got to realize; you're the Devil as much as you're God.”
“Every day is a journey filled with twists and turns. Every day, if you smile, you will feel alive, my son.”
“I’m tired of ignorance held up as inspiration, where vicious anti-intellectualism is considered a positive trait, and where uninformed opinion is displayed as fact.”
“God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.”
“There is only one all pervading God. It has only one message - Love all, encompass all and transcend the limits of the selfish gene.”
“Today is the day you choose to find joy, fulfillment and the path that will make your heart sing. It's your choice, never lose sight of that.”
“The stars up close to the moon were pale; they got brighter and braver the farther they got out of the circle of light ruled by the giant moon”
“That's the trouble with loving a wild thing: You're always left watching the door.”
“When the creative impulse sweeps over you, grab it. You grab it and honor it and use it, because momentum is a rare gift.”
“Faith is not about finding meaning in the world, there may be no such thing -- faith is the belief in our capacity to create meaningful lives.”
“There are people who think that things that happen in fiction do not really happen. These people are wrong.”
“Success comes in a lot of ways, but it doesn't come with money and it doesn't come with fame. It comes from having a meaning in your life, doing what you love and being passionate about what you do. That's having a life of success. When you have the ability to do what you love, love what you do and have the ability to impact people. That's having a life of success. That's what having a life of meaning is.”
“Women belong in all places where decisions are being made. It shouldn't be that women are the exception.”
“Anyone can smile on their best day. I like to meet a man who can smile on his WORST.”
“We are, all of us, exploring a world none of us understands searching for a more immediate, ecstatic, and penetrating mode of living for the integrity, the courage to be whole, living in relation to one another in the full poetry of existence. The struggle for an integrated life existing in an atmosphere of communal trust and respect is one with desperately important political and social consequences Fear is always with us, but we just don't have time for it. -Commencement Speech, Wellesley 1969”
“My days I devote to reading and experiments in chemistry, and I spend many of the clear nights in the study of astronomy. There is, though I do not know how there is or why there is, a sense of infinite peace and protection in the glittering hosts of heaven. There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope.”
“When I type a title page, I hold it and I look at it and I think, I just need four thousand sentences to go with this and I’ll have a book.”
“Keep creating: the world yearns to celebrate your next masterpiece.”
“let your haters be your motivators”
“There is a secret place. A radiant sanctuary. As real as your own kitchen. More real than that. Constructed of the purest elements. Overflowing with the ten thousand beautiful things. Worlds within worlds. Forests, rivers. Velvet coverlets thrown over featherbeds, fountains bubbling beneath a canopy of stars. Bountiful forests, universal libraries. A wine cellar offering an intoxi cation so sweet you will never be sober again. A clarity so complete you will never again forget. This magnificent refuge is inside you. Enter. Shatter the darkness that shrouds the doorway… Believe the incredible truth that the Beloved has chosen for his dwelling place the core of your own being because that is the single most beautiful place in all of creation.”
“You did the best you could, the best you knew how at the time." It was something like that. From Oprah on an Oprah show. Then I believe my quote above was from Maya Angelou on the Oprah show, not Oprah herself. I had heard it before but it was on Oprah's show again 1-7-09 and she said Maya had said it.”
“There is no secret ingredient”
“It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all.”
“Uniqueness is what makes you the most beautiful.”
“These people will try to manipulate you, try to bring you down but remember baby girl you are a queen, own your crown.”
“Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard   " More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“To be taught to read—what is the use of that, if you know not whether what you read is false or true? To be taught to write or to speak—but what is the use of speaking, if you have nothing to say? To be taught to think—nay, what is the use of being able to think, if you have nothing to think of? But to be taught to see is to gain word and thought at once, and both true.”
“You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.”
“Some people have inspired whole countries to great deeds because of the power of their vision. And so could he. Not because he dreams about marching hordes, or world domination, or an empire of a thousand years. Just because he thinks that everyone’s really decent underneath and would get along just fine if only they made the effort, and he believes that so strongly it burns like a flame which is bigger than he is. He’s got a dream and we’re all part of it, so that it shapes the world around him. And the weird thing is that no one wants to disappoint him. It’d be like kicking the biggest puppy in the universe. It’s a kind of magic.”
“Soccer forces life to move on. There’s always a new match. A new season. There’s always a dream that everything can get better. It’s a game of wonders.”
“سئل فولتر (1778م)عمن سيقود الجنس البشري؟ فأجاب:"الذين يعرفون كيف يقرأو”
“A person who is truly cool is a work of art. And remember, original works of art cost exponentially higher than imitations. Just take a look at the the coolest people in history. They will always be a part of history for being extremely original individuals, not imitations.”
“What in hell are you really made of, Howard? After all, it's only a building. It's not the combination of holy sacrament, Indian torture, and sexual ecstasy that you seem to make of it." "Isn't it?”
“What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.”
“Nothing is born into this world without labor.”
“For so many years, I couldn’t understand why every time I thought that someone finally loved me, like… for real, they would eventually turn to vapor. Every person whom I’ve ever loved is trapped inside of my chest. I’ve breathed all of them in so deeply that I’ve nearly choked and died on every soul that I’ve ever given myself to.”
“I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”
“Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
“Life's managed, not cured. ”
“The soil in which the meditative mind can begin is the soil of everyday life, the strife, the pain, and the fleeting joy. It must begin there, and bring order, and from there move endlessly. But if you are concerned only with making order, then that very order will bring about its own limitation, and the mind will be its prisoner. In all this movement you must somehow begin from the other end, from the other shore, and not always be concerned with this shore or how to cross the river. You must take a plunge into the water, not knowing how to swim. And the beauty of meditation is that you never know where you are, where you are going, what the end is.”
“Too many people out there tell us what we can and cannot do but…they don’t know who we are, what’s put in us.”
“I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!”
“Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Muses are too unreliable to keep on the payroll.”
“Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.”
“We only live once. We all have an expiration date after that we will never come again. I am not saying that to make you sad. I am saying that so you can cherish each moment in your life and be grateful that you are here and you are Special”
“Today is today, only today  tomorrow it will only be yesterday.”
“The Fact That You Have The Ability To Stand On Stage And Sing While You’re Crying Is So Brave.”
“Study so that you are able to meet arguments of your opponents. Equip your ideology with supporting arguments. If you oppose a prevailing belief, if you criticize a great person who is considered to be an incarnation, you will find that your criticism will be answered by calling you vain and egoist. The reason for this is mental ignorance. Logic and free thinking are the twin qualities that a revolutionary must inevitably possess. To say that Mahatmas, who are great, should not be criticized because they are above criticism and for this reason, whatever they say about politics, religion, economics and ethics is correct and that whatever they say will have to be accepted, whether you believe it or not, reveals a mentality which cannot lead us to progress and is clearly regressive.”
“Discovering more joy does not, save us from the inevitability of hardship and heartbreak. In fact, we may cry more easily, but we will laugh more easily too. Perhaps we are just more alive. Yet as we discover more joy, we can face suffering in a way that ennobles rather than embitters. We have hardship without becoming hard. We have heartbreaks without being broken.”
“Then that's what the Northern Lights are. All the lives that we're not living.”
“ (W)here there's drama, there's crap.”
“You’ll be bothered from time to time by storms, fog, snow. When you are, think to yourself, ‘What they could do, I can do.”
“Your guardian angel never, ever stops communicating with you. I feel that at times they should be frustrated with us but they seem to have endless patience and they never ever give up on us. ”
“It is better to believe in men too rashly, and regret, than believe too meanly. Men could be more than they are, if they would try for it. He has shown them that.”
“Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls”
“Everything ends and it's always sad, but everything begins again, too. And that's always happy. Be happy. - Return of Doctor Mysterio”
“I leave pansies, the symbolic flower of freethought, in memory of the Great Agnostic, Robert Ingersoll , who stood for equality, education, progress, free ideas and free lives, against the superstition and bigotry of religious dogma. We need men like him today more than ever. His writing still inspires us and challenges the 'better angels' of our nature, when people open their hearts and minds to his simple, honest humanity. Thank goodness he was here.”
“Those who might be tempted to give way to despair should realize that nothing accomplished in this order can ever be lost, that confusion, error and darkness can win the day only apparently and in a purely ephemeral way, that all partial and transitory disequilibrium must perforce contribute towards the greater equilibrium of the whole, and that nothing can ultimately prevail against the power of truth.”
“We all get lots of people. And maybe we don’t always get to have them the exact way we want them, but if we can figure out a way to compromise, you know, then we can keep them all.”
“You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.”
“Your father, Jo. He never loses patience,--never doubts or complains,--but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully, that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him. He helped and comforted me, and showed me that I must try to practise all the virtues I would have my little girls possess, for I was their example. It was easier for your sakes than for my own; a startled or surprised look from one of you, when I spoke sharply, rebuked me more than any words could have done; and the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy.”
“So consider your options, make your choice and call me home.”
“The gotta, as in: “I think I’ll stay up another fifteen-twenty minutes, honey, I gotta see how this chapter comes out.” Even though the guy who says it spent the day at work thinking about getting laid and knows the odds are good his wife is going to be asleep when he finally gets up to the bedroom. The gotta, as in: “I know I should be starting supper now — he’ll be mad if it’s TV dinners again — but I gotta see how this ends.” I gotta know will she live. I gotta know will he catch the shitheel who killed his father. I gotta know if she finds out her best friend’s screwing her husband. The gotta. Nasty as a hand-job in a sleazy bar, fine as a fuck from the world’s most talented call-girl. Oh boy it was bad and oh boy it was good and oh boy in the end it didn’t matter how rude it was or how crude it was because in the end it was just like the Jacksons said on that record — don’t stop til you get enough.”
“Though it’s reasons to burn may vary  you are always the fuel of my fire.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
“What doesn't kill you very often makes you weaker. What doesn't kill you can leave you limping for the rest of your days. What doesn't kill you can make you scared to leave your house, or even your bedroom, and have you trembling, or mumbling incoherently, or leaning with your head on a window pane, wishing you could return to the time before the thing that didn't kill you.”
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”
“blindness is a private matter between a person and the eyes with which he or she was born.”
“‎"You shouldn't feel so bad about being afraid of so many things." "Why not?" "Because if you weren't afraid never ever, then you couldn't be brave never ever.”
“Stay true to yourself and listen to your inner voice. It will lead you to your dream.”
“We can become inspired to shape a higher, more ideal future, and when we do, miracles happen.”
“Let us cry for the spilt milk , by all means, if by doing so we learn how to avoid spilling any more. Let us cry for the spilt milk , and remember how, and where, and why, we spilt it. Much wisdom is learnt through tears, but none by forgetting our lessons.”
“Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.”
“Do not speak about anyone who is not physically present.”
“Men love women who are courageous for it means they can go all the way with him in his pursuit of his good dreams and intentions.”
“Moods can be contagious. Don't catch or spread a bad mood.”
“Strength comes from struggle. When you learn to see your struggles as opportunities to become stronger, better, wiser, then your thinking shifts from "I can't do this" to "I must do this.”
“God himself, finding he was in the midst of spirits and glory, because he was more intelligent, saw proper to institute laws whereby the rest could have a privilege to advance like himself. The relationship we have with God places us in a situation to advance in knowledge. He has power to institute laws to instruct the weaker intelligences, that they may be exalted with Himself, so that they might have one glory upon another, and all that knowledge, power, glory, and intelligence, which is requisite in order to save them in the world of spirits. (King Follett Discourse) ”
“Inspiration is what keeps us well.”
“Roam abroad in the world, and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.”
“Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.”
“Solitude is used to teach us how to live with other people. Rage is used to show us the infinite value of peace. Boredom is used to underline the importance of adventure & spontaneity. Silence is used to teach us to use words responsibly. Tiredness is used so that we can understand the value of waking up. Illness is used to underline the blessing of good health. Fire is used to teach us about water. Earth is used so that we can understand the value of air. Death is used to show us the importance of life.”
“If [you're asked] what you think, tell. If you have a preference, voice it. If you have a question, ask it. If you want to cry, bawl. If you need help, raise your hand and jump up and down.”
“Inspirations never go in for long engagements; they demand immediate marriage to action.”
“Five tender apricots in a blue bowl, a brief and exact promise of things to come.”
“Spend more time doing things that make you forget about the time.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“Realize your youth while you have it. Don’t squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar. These are the sickly aims, the false ideals, of our age. Live! Live the wonderful life that is in you! Let nothing be lost upon you. Be always searching for new sensations. Be afraid of nothing”
“How soon country people forget. When they fall in love with a city it is forever, and it is like forever. As though there never was a time when they didn't love it. The minute they arrive at the train station or get off the ferry and glimpse the wide streets and the wasteful lamps lighting them, they know they are born for it. There, in a city, they are not so much new as themselves: their stronger, riskier selves.”
“Blessings! Count them and be thankful. Ask for an abundance of them and accept with gratitude.”
“Action creates/a taste/for itself.”
“Doing what you wanted to do was the only training, and the only preliminary, needed for doing more of what you wanted to do.”
“Don't settle for being an option; become a priority.”
“All humanity is one undivided and indivisible family. I cannot detach myself from the wickedest soul.”
“One does not surrender a life in an instant. That which is lifelong can only be surrendered in a lifetime.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.”
“He who is best prepared can best serve his moment of inspiration.”
“Anyone who is having troubles should pray. Anyone who is happy should sing praises. Anyone who is sick should call the church's elders. They should pray for and pour oil on the person in the name of the Lord. And the prayer that is said with faith will make the sick person well; the Lord will heal that person. And if the person has sinned, the sins will be forgiven. Confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so God can heal you. When a believing person prays, great things happen. (James 5:13-16)”
“If you want to concentrate deeply on some problem, and especially some piece of writing or paper-work, you should acquire a cat. Alone with the cat in the room where you work   the cat will invariably get up on your desk and settle placidly under the desk lamp   The cat will settle down and be serene, with a serenity that passes all understanding. And the tranquility of the cat will gradually come to affect you, sitting there at your desk, so that all the excitable qualities that impede your concentration compose themselves and give your mind back the self-command it has lost. You need not watch the cat all the time. Its presence alone is enough. The effect of a cat on your concentration is remarkable, very mysterious.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“I could taste the salt on her lips, each kiss like a summer wave breaking on an empty beach.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Amateurs look for inspiration; the rest of us just get up and go to work.”
“The secret to a happiness is a small ego. And a big wallet. Good wine helps, too. But that's not really a secret, is it?”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Don't you know no one can escape the power of creatures reaching out with breath alone?”
“The mind travels faster than the pen; consequently, writing becomes a question of learning to make occasional wing shots, bringing down the bird of thought as it flashes by. A writer is a gunner, sometimes waiting in the blind for something to come in, sometimes roaming the countryside hoping to scare something up.”
“Boredom is the fear of self.”
“What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?”
“We can be friends. We can be anything we want to be.”
“Just start the sentence and see what happens. This is how we write.”
“Sounds travel through space long after their wave patterns have ceased to be detectable by the human ear: some cut right through the ionosphere and barrel on out into the cosmic heartland, while others bounce around, eventually being absorbed into the vibratory fields of earthly barriers, but in neither case does the energy succumb; it goes on forever - which is why we, each of us, should take pains to make sweet notes.”
“I'm sure it is," she replied. Her expression turned fierce, making her look far different from the scattered teacher I knew. "But listen to me when I say this. You are exceptional, taleneted, and brilliant young woman. Do not ever let anyone make you feel like you're less. Do not ever let anyone make you feel invisible. Do not let anyone-not even a teacher who constantly sends you for coffee-push you around." She put her glasses back on and began randomly lifting up pieces of papers. At last, she found a pen and grinned triumphantly. "Now, then. What is your brother's name?”
“The restless spirit never loses its wings. If sometimes it cannot fly, it is because during those moments the sky vanishes.”
“To live long and achieve happiness, cultivate the art of radiating happiness.”
“An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“اگر انسانی، انسانی را به خاطر گناهی سرزنش کند، نمیرد تا خود به آن گناه مرتکب شود.”
“Diyar-e-Ishq Mein Apna Maqam Paida Kar, Naya Zamana, Naye Subah-o-Sham Paida Kar; Khuda Agar Dil-e-Fitrat Shanas De Tujh Ko, Sakoot-e-Lala-o-Gul Se Kalaam Paida Kar; Mera Tareeq Ameeri Nahin, Faqeeri Hai, Khudi Na Baich, Ghareebi Mein Naam Paida Kar Build in love’s empire your hearth and your home; Build Time anew, a new dawn, a new eve! Your speech, if God give you the friendship of Nature, From the rose and tulip’s long silence weave The way of the hermit, not fortune, is mine; Sell not your soul! In a beggar’s rags shine.”
“My circumstances of unrelieved responsibility and permanent distraction necessitated the short story form.”
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“How quick and rushing life can sometimes seem, when at the same time it's so slow and sweet and everlasting.”
“Think of yourself as a brand. You need to be remembered. What will they remember you for? What defines you? If you have it in you, do something that defines you. Invent something, develop a unique skill, get noticed for something — it creates a talking point.”
“You can't hide the thunderbolt. When it hits you, everybody can see it. Christ, man, don't be ashamed of it, some men pray for the thunderbolt. You're a very lucky fellow. - Calo”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“Which road, which road did you take That brought you here at last? No road, no road did I take. I leaped, I leaped from dream to dream. ”
“I’m not saying that you should deny the difficult events of your life. But the fact that you survived is also a wonderful story to tell. And that story, the story of the way you came through a difficult situation, found resources within yourself or outside of yourself, gleaned from that experience what you wanted and what you didn’t want going forward — that is a story that can inspire you and others to heal and grow.”
“Bad, or good, as it happens to be, that is what it is to exist! . . . It is as though I have been silent and fuddled with sleep all my life. In spite of all, I know now that at least it is better to go always towards the summer, towards those burning seas of light; to sit at night in the forecastle lost in an unfamiliar dream, when the spirit becomes filled with stars, instead of wounds, and good and compassionate and tender. To sail into an unknown spring, or receive one's baptism on storm's promontory, where the solitary albatross heels over in the gale, and at last come to land. To know the earth under one's foot and go, in wild delight, ways where there is water.”
“To only responsible choice I can make is to be love and happiness." Vincellent "Love the world as you love yourself".Lao Tze "The next step in mans evolution will be the survival of the wisest.”
“They may try to stop you by their words and deeds, but like air you will rise above it all. You are unstoppable”
“Bill Gates (and his successor at Microsoft, Ray Ozzie) are famous for taking annual reading vacations. During the year they deliberately cultivate a stack of reading material—much of it unrelated to their day-to-day focus at Microsoft—and then they take off for a week or two and do a deep dive into the words they’ve stockpiled. By compressing their intake into a matter of days, they give new ideas additional opportunities to network among themselves, for the simple reason that it’s easier to remember something that you read yesterday than it is to remember something you read six months ago.”
“I imagine what would happen if everyone turned their regrets into wishes, went around shouting them.”
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“If you really want to be a writer, nobody can stop you -- and if you don't, nobody can help you.”
“I think music is what language once aspired to be. Music allows us to face God on our own terms because it reaches beyond life.”
“Doubt not, O poet, but persist. Say 'It is in me, and shall out.' Stand there, balked and dumb, stuttering and stammering, hissed and hooted, stand and strive, until at last rage draw out of thee that dream-power which every night shows thee is thine own; a power transcending all limit and privacy, and by virtue of which a man is the conductor of the whole river of electricity.”
“What you have learned from experience is worth much more than gold. If you have a house it may burn down. Any kind of possession can be lost, but your experience is yours forever. Keep it and find a way to use it.”
“Who dares, win”
“Maybe we all just exist, all versions of us exist at times, and we have to figure out a way to get to each of them, to find each one and tell that version that it's okay, that it's all justthe way it works, a concept too powerful to ignore but too complicated to explain.”
“I’m not out to compete with any one, I’m here to complete, by encouraging and inspiring souls through a text at a time”
“The liberty of man is not safe in the hands of any church. Wherever the Bible and sword are in partnership, man is a slave. All laws for the purpose of making man worship God, are born of the same spirit that kindled the fires of the auto da fe, and lovingly built the dungeons of the Inquisition. All laws defining and punishing blasphemy -- making it a crime to give your honest ideas about the Bible, or to laugh at the ignorance of the ancient Jews, or to enjoy yourself on the Sabbath, or to give your opinion of Jehovah, were passed by impudent bigots, and should be at once repealed by honest men. An infinite God ought to be able to protect himself, without going in partnership with State Legislatures. Certainly he ought not so to act that laws become necessary to keep him from being laughed at. No one thinks of protecting Shakespeare from ridicule, by the threat of fine and imprisonment. It strikes me that God might write a book that would not necessarily excite the laughter of his children. In fact, I think it would be safe to say that a real God could produce a work that would excite the admiration of mankind.”
“I wanted to thank you," I said. She wrinkled her nose and squinted like I'd said something funny. "Thank me for what?" she said. "You give me strength I didn't know I had,"; I said. "You make me better.”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“Josh had told me a long time ago that he had this theory that an entire relationship was based on what occurred over the course of the first five minutes you know each other. That everything that came after those first minutes was just details being filled in. Meaning: you already knew how deep the love was, how instinctually you felt about someone. What happened in their first five minutes? Time stopped.”
“Not even waste/is inviolate./The day misspent,/the love misplaced,/has inside it/the seed of redemption./Nothing is exempt from resurrection.”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“Gaps don't/just happen./There is a/generative element/inside them,/a welling motion/ as when cold/waters shoulder/up through/warmer oceans./And where gaps/choose to widen,/coordinates warp,/even in places/constant since/the oldest maps.”
“An artist without ideas is a mendicant; barren, he goes begging among the hours.”
“You have come to earth to entertain and to be entertained.”
“The death of a dream can in fact serve as the vehicle that endows it with new form, with reinvigorated substance, a fresh flow of ideas, and splendidly revitalized color. In short, the power of a certain kind of dream is such that death need not indicate finality at all but rather signify a metaphysical and metaphorical leap forward.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Saw a little girl touch a big bug and shout, "I conquered my fear! YES!" and calmly walk away. I was inspired.”
“Occasionally, there arises a writing situation where you see an alternative to what you are doing, a mad, wild gamble of a way for handling something, which may leave you looking stupid, ridiculous or brilliant -you just don't know which. You can play it safe there, too, and proceed along the route you'd mapped out for yourself. Or you can trust your personal demon who delivered that crazy idea in the first place. Trust your demon.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“It is not possible to know how far the influence of any amiable, honest-hearted duty-doing man flies out into the world, but it is very possible to know how it has touched one's self in going by.”
“Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.”
“The really magical things are the ones that happen right in front of you. A lot of the time you keep looking for beauty, but it is already there. And if you look with a bit more intention, you see it.”
“The material world is all feminine. The feminine engergy makes the non-manifest, manifest. So even men (are of the feminine energy). We have to relinquish our ideas of gender in the conventional sense. This has nothing to do with gender, it has to do with energy. So feminine energy is what creates and allows anything which is non-manifest, like an idea, to come into form, into being, to be born. All that we experience in the world around us, absolutely everything (is feminine energy). The only way that anything exists is through the feminine force.”
“I told him I had once lost everything I had, too, and that I think that can be God’s way of building walls around us to force us to look up at Him.”
“When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.”
“Play to win, not "not to lose".”
“No one rises above who he or she has been without first having fallen down. The best time - in fact, the only time - to make a real change in your life is in the moment of seeing the need for it. He who hesitates always gets lost in the hundred reasons why tomorrow is a better day to get started.”
“They say what doesn't kill the soul will make you stronger, but you can't be a stone-hearted man.”
“Mary Queen of Scots had a little dog, a Skye terrier, that was devoted to her. Moments after Mary was beheaded, the people who were watching saw her skirts moving about and they thought her headless body was trying to get itself to its feet. But the movement turned out to be her dog, which she had carried to the block with her, hidden in her skirts. Mary Stuart is supposed to have faced her execution with grace and courage (she wore a scarlet chemise to suggest she was being martyred), but I don’t think she could have been so brave if she had not secretly been holding tight to her Skye terrier, feeling his warm, silky fur against her trembling skin.”
“If I do not know the will of my Father, and what He requires of me in a certain transaction, if I ask Him to give me wisdom concerning any requirement in my life, or in regard to my own course, or that of my friends, my family, my children, or those that I preside over, and get no answer from Him, and then do the very best that my judgement will teach me, He is bound to own and honor that transaction, and He will do so to all intents and purposes.”
“God is not interested in your art but, your heart.”
“take criticism, smash it into dust, add color & use it to paint breathtaking images of unicorns frolicking thru endless fields of greatness”
“The tension between what is, and what we dream of, is important. Not to discount what we have, but to hold onto that middle ground, because it's in there that the magic happens.”
“True beauty radiates not from outer cosmetics, but from the simple joy of making a difference for those that need your voice, passion, and time without expecting or wanting anything in return ”
“It's often a matter of sitting in front of the computer and worrying. It's what writing comes down to--worrying that things aren't going to work out.”
“Wanting positive experience is a negative experience; accepting negative experience is a positive experience.”
“You can close your eyes to the things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel.”
“To study and constantly, is this not a pleasure? To have friends come from far away places, is this not a joy? If people do not recognize your worth, but this does not worry you, are you not a true gentleman?”
“Inhale when I inhale. Exhale when I exhale. Breathe with me,for two beating hearts breathing one breath together become one.”
“I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)  'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.']  two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]'  I can see that he's excited. [narrator]'  Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho   Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!”
“A too closely watched flower/blossoms the wrong color./Excess attention to the jonquil/turns it gentian. Flowers/need it tranquil to get/their hues right. Some/only open at midnight.”
“A civilization can easily drown in what it knows as in what doesn't know. Consider,' he continued, Gotho's Folly. Gotho's curse was in being too aware - of everything. Every permutation, every potential. Enough to poison every scan he cast on the world. It availed him naught, and worse, he was aware of even that.”
“It was a flight, a kind of fleeing, a kind of falling, falling higher and higher, spinning off the edge of the earth and beyond the sun and through the vast silent vacuum where there were no burdens and where everything weighed exactly nothing.”
“Writing is . being able to take something whole and fiercely alive that exists inside you in some unknowable combination of thought, feeling, physicality, and spirit, and to then store it like a genie in tense, tiny black symbols on a calm white page. If the wrong reader comes across the words, they will remain just words. But for the right readers, your vision blooms off the page and is absorbed into their minds like smoke, where it will re-form, whole and alive, fully adapted to its new environment.”
“He glanced back at the wall. How like a mirror, too, her face. Impossible; for how many people did you know who reflected your own light to you? People were more often--he searched for a simile, found one in his work--torches, blazing away until they whiffed out. How rarely did other people's faces take of you and throw back to you your own expression, your own innermost trembling thought?”
“The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated. I hold that the more helpless a creature the more entitled it is to protection by man from the cruelty of humankind.”
“The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared so roundly to assert, that God spoke to them; and whether they did not think at the time, that they would be misunderstood, & so be the cause of imposition. Isaiah answer'd, I saw no God, nor heard any, in a finite organical perception; but my senses discover'd the infinite in every thing, and as I was then persuaded, & remain confirm'd; that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of God, I cared not for consequences but wrote.”
“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
“Generasi kempong tidak punya waktu dan tidak memiliki tradisi untuk tahu beda antara kalimat sindiran dengan bukan sindiran. Tak tahu apa itu ironi, sarkasme, sanepan, istidraj   Generasi kempong sangat rentan terhadap apa saja, termasuk informasi   Tidak ada etos kerja. Tidak ada ideologi dharma, atau falya’mal ‘amalan shalihan   Yang dipunyai hanya obsesi hasil, khayal kepemilikan dan kenikmatan.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“I was kind of excited to go to jail for the first time and I learnt some great dialogue.”
“If you believe in your heart that you are right, then you must fight with all your might to do it your way. Only dead fish swim with the stream all the time.”
“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise embrace the entity of yourself you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”
“Imperfection inspires invention, imagination, creativity. It stimulates. The more I feel imperfect, the more I feel alive.”
“Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
“It is not merely enough to love literature if one wishes to spend one's life as a writer. It is a dangerous undertaking on the most primitive level. For, it seems to me, the act of writing with serious intent involves enormous personal risk. It entails the ongoing courage for self-discovery. It means one will walk forever on the tightrope, with each new step presenting the possiblity of learning a truth about oneself that is too terrible to bear.”
“Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new film, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul.”
“Our wounds can so easily turn us into people we don't want to be, and we hardly see it happening. Protect your heart, love yourself, and be with people who love and care for you.”
“I started out of course with Hemingway when I learned how to write. Until I realized Hemingway doesn't have a sense of humor. He never has anything funny in his stories.”
“It's time we capture our imaginations for Christ”
“I have liv'd long enough for others, like the Dog in the Wheel, and it is now the Season to begin for myself: I cannot change that Thing call'd Time, but I can alter its Posture and, as Boys do turn a looking-glass against the Sunne, so I will dazzle you all.”
“I'm interested in the way in which the past affects the present and I think that if we understand a good deal more about history, we automatically understand a great more about contemporary life.”
“If you have a painting in you, paint. If you have a song to sing, sing. Don’t judge your creation. Just create it. Banish doubt and fear and step out of your own way if you have to. Write if you’re a writer and invent if you’re an inventor. Do what you were born to do. Only then will you know a remarkable life.”
“Be With Me In The Phases Of My Work Because My Brain Feels Like It Has Been Whipped And I Yearn To Make A Small Perfect Thing Which Will Live In Your Morning Like Curious Static Through A President's Elegy Or A Nude Hunchback Acquiring A Tan On The Crowded Oily Beach. ”
“Birth, life, and deatheach took place on the hidden side of a leaf.”
“It wasn't about believing this or that, it wasn't even about good and evil and right and wrong, it was about finding the strength to bear the discomfort that came with being in the world.”
“If we have not struggled/as hard as we can/at our strongest/how will we sense/the shape of our losses/or know what sustains/us longest or name/what change costs us,/saying how strange/it is that one sector/of the self can step in/for another in trouble,/how loss activates/a latent double, how/we can feed/as upon nectar/upon need?”
“We are all too often told by someone that we are too old, too young, too different, too much the same, and those comments can be devastating.”
“Forgetting takes space./Forgotten matters displace/as much anything else as/anything else. We must/skirt unlabeled crates/as thought it made sense/and take them when we go/to other states.”
“Each situation is a blossom to be picked with a curious spirit.”
“No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.”
“Oh what a wonderful soul so bright inside you. Got power to heal the sun’s broken heart, power to restore the moon’s vision too.”
“won't you celebrate with me what i have shaped into a kind of life? i had no model. born in babylon both nonwhite and woman what did i see to be except myself? i made it up here on this bridge between starshine and clay, my one hand holding tight my other hand; come celebrate with me that everyday something has tried to kill me and has failed.”
“I know too well how dangerous hope can be, how it grows and sometimes dies, taking its host with it. It's more powerful than anything Dr.Fibs keeps in his labs, more precious than all the secrets inside Sublevel Two.”
“Starting over can be the scariest thing in the entire world, whether it’s leaving a lover, a school, a team, a friend or anything else that feels like a core part of our identity but when your gut is telling you that something here isn’t right or feels unsafe, I really want you to listen and trust in that voice.”
“Don’t waste time waiting for inspiration. Begin, and inspiration will find you.”
“No sooner have you feasted on beauty with your eyes than your mind tells you that beauty is vain and beauty passes”
“Do you really believe in destiny?" "How can I not believe in destiny, when there is no difference between my memories and my dreams at night? There's no difference between their reality. And if I dream something first, I remember it later when I am actually walking in the place or looking at the person I first dreamed of. Days later. Or years later. Destiny~ she walks with me.”
“but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.”
“Everything in creation has its appointed painter or poet and remains in bondage like the princess in the fairy tale 'til its appropriate liberator comes to set it free.”
“Don't ever ask for permission to follow your dreams. Follow them no matter fucking what. It's important. We have one life here and you are the author of your story, more than anybody else. You are much more responsible for your dreams coming true or not than anyone else in your life you have contacted with. So, dream big, work hard, and make it happen no matter what.”
“The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.”
“If the people of Europe had known as much of astronomy and geology when the bible was introduced among them, as they do now, there never could have been one believer in the doctrine of inspiration. If the writers of the various parts of the bible had known as much about the sciences as is now known by every intelligent man, the book never could have been written. It was produced by ignorance, and has been believed and defended by its author. It has lost power in the proportion that man has gained knowledge. A few years ago, this book was appealed to in the settlement of all scientific questions; but now, even the clergy confess that in such matters, it has ceased to speak with the voice of authority. For the establishment of facts, the word of man is now considered far better than the word of God. In the world of science, Jehovah was superseded by Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler. All that God told Moses, admitting the entire account to be true, is dust and ashes compared to the discoveries of Descartes, Laplace, and Humboldt. In matters of fact, the bible has ceased to be regarded as a standard. Science has succeeded in breaking the chains of theology. A few years ago, Science endeavored to show that it was not inconsistent with the bible. The tables have been turned, and now, Religion is endeavoring to prove that the bible is not inconsistent with Science. The standard has been changed.”
“The words were unexpected, but so incisively true. So much of prayer is like that - an encounter with a truth that has sunk to the bottom of the heart, that wants to be found, wants to be spoken, wants to be elevated into the realm of sacredness.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“But yield who will to their separation, My object in living is to unite My avocation and my vocation As my two eyes make one in sight.”
“It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”
“Someday stars will wind down or blow up. Someday death will cover us all like the water of a lake and perhaps nothing will ever come to the surface to show that we were ever there. But we WERE there, and during the time we lived, we were alive. That's the truth - what is, what was, what will be - not what could be, what should have been, what never can be.”
“An act of kindness may take only a moment of our time, but when captured in the heart the memory lives forever.”
“To write a book is for all the world like humming a song—be but in tune with yourself, madam, 'tis no matter how high or how low you take it.”
“The point is, art never stopped a war and never got anybody a job. That was never its function. Art cannot change events. But it can change people. It can affect people so that they are changed  because people are changed by art – enriched, ennobled, encouraged – they then act in a way that may affect the course of events  by the way they vote, they behave, the way they think.”
“Hadapilah hari ini! Inilah saatnya untuk menuntut hidup yang nyata, Dalam rentang waktu yang pendek ini, kita mendapat kesempatan untuk: Berkembang dengan gembira, bertindak dengan mulia. Menciptakan keindahan yang mempesona, Karena hari kemarin cuma mimpi dan hari esok cuma bayang-bayang. Tapi bila hari ini kita jalani dengan baik, setiap hari kemarin akan menjadi mimpi yang indah. Dan setiap hari esok menjadi bayang-bayang harapan. Jadi manfaatkanlah hari ini sebaik-baiknya.”
“Facing your fears robs them of their power”
“Curiosity is the single most important attribute with which humans are born. More than a simple desire to discover or know things, curiosity is a powerful tool, like a scalpel or a searchlight. Curiosity changes us. It is also a way to effect change, perhaps even on a global level.”
“Crises marked by anxiety, doubt, and despair have always been those periods of personal unrest that occur at the times when a man is sufficiently unsettled to have an opportunity for personal growth. We must always see our own feelings of uneasiness as being our chance for "making the growth choice rather than the fear choice.”
“That’s what being alive is, Thing! It’s being badly prepared for everything! Because you only get one chance, Thing!”
“Because the development of inner calm & energy happens completely within & isn’t dependent on another person or a particular situation, we begin to feel a resourcefulness and independence that is quite beautiful—and a huge relief.”
“ Absorbed in the new scents, the sounds, and the sunlight ”
“My arm draped her shoulder; we both felt safe, as if we were a complete solar system unto ourselves, dangling in the sky, warm heated planets inside a universe of stars. -Richard”
“If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“Think of what starlight And lamplight would lack Diamonds and fireflies If they couldn’t lean against Black. . . .”
“‎"What does it mean if you tried to get somewhere, and you didn't?" "Like what?" "Like if you were trying to get somewhere, but you couldn't find it? Does that mean something bad?" "No. It doesn't mean something bad. It just means you have a second chance to do it. And two chances is always better than just one.”
“In struggling against anguish one never produces serenity; the struggle against anguish only produces new forms of anguish. ”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“If you’re reading these words, perhaps it’s because something has kicked open the door for you, and you’re ready to embrace change. It isn’t enough to appreciate change from afar, or only in the abstract, or as something that can happen to other people but not to you. We need to create change for ourselves, in a workable way, as part of our everyday lives.”
“Sand lines my soul which is filled with the breath of the ocean.”
“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“So, the world is fine. We don’t have to save the world—the world is big enough to look after itself. What we have to be concerned about, is whether or not the world we live in, will be capable of sustaining us in it. That’s what we need to think about.”
“And now we step to the rhythm of miracles. --from The Light, That Never Dies”
“Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“Even after the stormiest weather, a true warrior will still reflect the brilliant rays of the magnificent sun through both his or her eyes. You may get hit by sudden lighting or take severe beatings from the cruel wind, but you will always get back up and stand strong on your feet again, soak in the sunlight, and be prepared to get hit by even the most merciless hail - time and time again.”
“The first gift is Strength. May you remember to call upon it whenever you need it.”
“Astraeus,' Aven called out. 'God of the four winds and friend to sailors. Say a little prayer when you look at him, so he will give us what we need to keep our course.' A little prayer?' said Jack. 'To a constellation?' To what it represents,' said Aven. But I don't believe in what it represents,' said Jack. Prayers aren't for the deity,' said Aven. 'They're for you, to recommit yourself to what you believe.' Can't you do that without praying to a dead Greek god?' Sure,' said Aven. 'But how often would anyone do that, if not in prayer?”
“Live Free or Die; Death is Not the Worst of Evils.”
“MANAGE YOUR MOOD: Name 1 thing that surprised you today Name 1 thing that moved you Name 1 thing that inspired you ”
“If I don't eat junk, I don't gain weight.”
“Sometimes you must reach beyond yourself to reach yourself within.. yourself.”
“The greenest of pastures are right here on earth.”
“Belief isn't supposed to make sense, at least not all the time. In that, it finds its power. It gets to creep up on you and carry you forward. Until you can carry yourself again.”
“Love is total surrender, total acceptance and total commitment.”
“Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.”
“Kevin," Neil said, and waited for Kevin to finally look at him. "Figure out what you want more than anything, what it would kill you to lose. That's what's at stake if you let Riko win. Calculate the cost of your fear. If it's too much, you need to fight. Wouldn't you rather die trying than never try at all?" "It's death either way," Kevin pointed out. "Die free or die a failure," Neil said. "The choice is yours”
“Don't wait for inspiration. It comes while working.”
“When scientists analyze people who appear to have tremendous self-control, it turns out those individuals aren't all that different from those who are struggling. Instead, 'disciplined' people are better at structuring their lives in a way that does not require heroic willpower and self-control. In other words, they spend less time in tempting situations. The people with the best self-control are typically the ones who need to use it the least. It's easier to practice self-restraint when you don't have to use it very often.”
“When darkness is at its darkest, a star shines the brightest.”
“whatever you do be gentle with yourself. you don’t just live in this world or your home or your skin. you also live in someone’s eyes.”
“Being a role model is the most powerful form of educating too often fathers neglect it because they get so caught up in making a living they forget to make a life.”
“For me, you are fresh water that falls from trees when it has stopped raining. For me, you are cinnamon that lingers on the tongue and gives bitter words sweetening. For me, you are the scent of violins and vision of valleys smiling. And still, for me, your loveliness never ends. It traverses the world and finds its way back to me. Only me.”
“Silence It has a sound, a fullness. It's heavy with sigh of tree, and space between breaths. It's ripe with pause between birdsong and crash of surf. It's golden they say. But no one tells us it's addictive.”
“I try hard not to judge anyone, and I try to bless everyone who is a part of my life, particularly anyone with whom I am having any problems”
“The dream is to keep surprising yourself, never mind the audience.”
“I want you to embark on the truth of loving yourself because when you love yourself and when you appreciate yourself, you will make healthy changes in your life for healthy reasons.”
“Coincidences give you opportunities to look more deeply into your existence.”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“We make our own truths and lies .Truths are often lies and lies truths ”
“When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“Art is my cure to all this madness, sadness and loss of belonging in the world & through it I'll walk myself home.”
“The ball laughs, radiant, in the air. He brings her down, puts her to sleep, showers her with compliments, dances with her, and seeing such things never before seen his admirers pity their unborn grandchildren who will never see them.”
“Optimists enrich the present, enhance the future,challenge the improbable and attain the impossible”
“There will be another sky, my love, just you wait”
“The excitement of dreams coming true is beyond the description of words.”
“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through. I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long. This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
“I'm pretty much looking for beauty all the time. It just seems like some days the light is better to see it.”
“Stay on your path Sylvia Plath don't fall away like all the others”
“GIVING - Applied tithing is so rewarding. When you give away your time, talent, and treasures you create a huge shift in your prosperity consciousness. So start where you are as you reach for where it is you want to be.”
“There's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream. ”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“This is the story of how Dad lived with his lung cancer. But it is much more. Through his illness and the miracles we experienced, I came to see that Dad's was not just a journey. It was a journey home. Home to God. ”
“A hopeless man is a very desperate and dangerous man, almost a dead man.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Luck? I don’t know anything about luck. I’ve never banked on it and I’m afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: hard work - and realizing what opportunity is and what isn’t." — Lucille Ball”
“Let your heart shine even more than your face. The beautiful contents of your heart can never be forgotten, but your face will be a history.”
“When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.”
“The worst killing is that which kills the joy we get from life.”
“Compassion crowns the soul with its truest victory.”
“Any ideas, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought”
“If you seek creative ideas go walking. Angels whisper to a man when he goes for a walk.”
“(W)hat I write when I force myself is generally just as good as what I write when I'm feeling inspired. It's mainly a matter of forcing yourself to write.”
“A confident woman wears a smile and has this air of comfortability and pleasantness about her.”
“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
“there is one great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.”
“If the town were a black hole, I was the helpless star being sucked into oblivion. It was an oblivion I craved.”
“Make your life like toilet paper. Long and usefull.”
“Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.”
“Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“Life is now in session. Are you present?”
“I called the world of phenomena an illusion, I called my eyes and my tongue and accident, valueless phenomena. No, that is all over; I have awakened, I have really awakened and have just been born today.”
“I couldn't tell fact from fiction, Or if the dream was true My only sure prediction In this world was you. I'd touch your features inchly. Beard love and dared the cost, The sented spiel reeled me unreal And I found my senses lost.”
“Binatang itu bicara, makan -- tapi tak mengerti dirinya sendiri. Dan aku begitu juga.”
“La vie est une aventure audacieuse ou alors elle n'est rien.”
“Wherever you may go; Life is a beautiful thing. Life is like a passing season. It comes and go. Whatever may come, it's better to enjoy the changing seasons.”
“When you depersonalize abrasive behavior and see it as a call for help you become a catalyst for the best kind of change.”
“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”
“Decide what your truth is. Then live it.”
“Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph.”
“ we have to surpass ourselves every day, make every day undying. Climb our own personal Everest and do it in such a way that every step is a little bit of eternity. That's what the future is for: to build the present, with real plans, made by living people.”
“Hotel rooms inhabit a separate moral universe.”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. In other words, a wish is a good place to start but then you have to get off your butt and make it happen. You have to pick up a quill and write your own damn story. (Mimi Wallingford)”
“The brave who focus on all things good and all things beautiful and all things true, even in the small, who give thanks for it and discover joy even in the here and now, they are the change agents who bring fullest Light to all the world.”
“Beauty and grace command the world.”
“Personally, I wouldn’t wait around for someone to tell you you’re good enough before you make your own comics. Just make them, always try to improve and care about what you’re doing. Be relentless and never give up.”
“It's easy to think that people will like you more if you do whatever they tell you to do, but it's quite the opposite. People don't appreciate pushovers - they use them.”
“The creative strength is good enough and deep enough to bring itself to flower and to grow in spite of this sickness.”
“Suffering usually relates to wanting things to be different from the way they are.”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?”
“Always try and be a better person than you were yesterday, cause we aren't guaranteed tomorrow.”
“Someone once told me that the finer points of devotion are about the size of a pinhole, and there are millions of them. And if you could connect each dot, then you’ve got a diagram of what you think you thought you knew, and if you’re willing to admit that you know nothing…you have the blueprint for a breakthrough.”
“There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.”
“I've come to realize that sometimes, what you love most is what you have to fight the hardest to keep.”
“The more invested I am in my own ideas about reality, the more those experiences will feel like victimizations rather than the ups and downs of relating. Actually, I believe that the less I conceptualize things that way, the more likely it is that people will want to stay by me, because they will not feel burdened, consciously or unconsciously, by my projections, judgments, entitlements, or unrealistic expectations.”
“Your life is a movie. You are the main character. You say your scripts and act to your lines. Of course you do your lines in each scene. There is a hidden camera and a director who you can ask for help anytime up above.”
“When true happiness shows up, the ego is bored with it: It's too plain, too ordinary, and it doesn't leave us feeling special or above the fray. It doesn't take away our problems, which is the ego's idea of happiness. The ego wants no more difficulties: no ore sickness, no more need for money, no more work, no more bad feelings, only unending pleasure and bliss. Such perfection is the ego's idea of a successful life. However, the happiness the ego dreams of will never be attained by anyone. The ego denies the reality of this dimension, where challenges are necessary to evolution and blissful states and pleasure come and go.”
“I am writing in the garden. To write as one should of a garden one must write not outside it or merely somewhere near it, but in the garden.”
“A good idea always attracts other good ideas.”
“So the next time you see a person with a compose face and a soft voice, remember that inside her mind she might be solving an equation, composing a sonnet, designing a hat. She might, that is, be deploying the powers of quiet.”
“Music is the beat of a drum that keeps time with our emotions.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“ she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.”
“Your husband may not be a wealth of pregnancy information, but he is a wealth of 'you' information. He probably knows you better than anyone else in this world (which means he understands your current neediness pretty well). He also probably loves you more than anyone else in this world. So, while he may not be the person to turn to if you need to know how to soothe breast tenderness, he's the perfect person to turn to when you need a hand to hold.”
“Thoughts don't become things; thoughts ARE things.”
“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“But God decided to create a world where free will was more important than no one ever getting hurt. There must be something stunningly beautiful and remarkable about free will that only God can truly grasp, because God hates, literally abhors, evil, yet He created a world where evil could happen if people chose it.”
“I’ve stripped my life down,” he told me. “I don’t need much. I have all the company I want to keep right in here.” He shot himself in the head with his fingers. “People don’t understand about the need to live simply. They make appointments all day. They even schedule their own deaths. The first time they’ll have freedom to really be themselves is when they no longer exist. But up here, there’s nothing but me and the sky. A million billion stars.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“You were saved not by work, but for work. Do it till all is done. By your Inventions, Innovations, Initiatives, Improvements, Involvements, Imaginations, Information, Interventions and Inspirations  Go the extra mile and dare to do it.”
“Professor [John] Tyndall once said the finest inspiration he ever received was from an old man who could scarcely read. This man acted as his servant. Each morning the old man would knock on the door of the scientist and call, 'Arise, Sir: it is near seven o'clock and you have great work to do today.”
“Nothing bothered me, not even the things that bothered me.”
“Concerning the popularity of vampire books: I don't get it. I think people should read about bloody, heart-singing, mind-searing spirituality. Live your heart’s song, not its drippings. ”
“You're the only one that can put pressure on yourself  No one else can put pressure on you. It's self-inflicted. For me, I just want to go out and play football.”
“A writer is never alone, he is always with himself”
“Once you have met someone, you never really forget them.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Just above our terror, the stars painted this story in perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too often abused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“To recognize that the greatest error is not to have tried and failed, but that in trying, we did not give it our best effort”
“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
“File under "Hard Truths": the creative muse is fiction. If you sit around waiting for the right moment to create, you will die waiting.”
“Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“I'm not a big fan of inspiration. I'm too old to sit and wait for the muse to give me a little kiss  I write a lot, and I'm not afraid to make mistakes or to write badly. I can alsways fix something weak and dull. But I can't fix a blank page.”
“And one fine day the goddess of the wind kisses the foot of man, that mistreated, scorned foot, and from that kiss the soccer idol is born. He is born in a straw crib in a tin-roofed shack and he enters the world clinging to a ball.”
“Don't let a cruel word escape your mouth. There's no greater sin than breaking a heart.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“5 Ways To Build Your Brand on Social Media: 1 Post content that add value 2 Spread positivity 3 Create steady stream of info 4 Make an impact 5 Be yourself”
“When Suzie introduced Helen, she told the audience that one of the best things about books is that they are an interactive art form: that while the author may describe in some detail how a character looks, it is the reader's imagination that completes the image, making it his or her own. "That's why we so often don't like movies made from books, right?" Suzie said. "We don't like someone else's interpretation of what we see so clearly." She talked, too, about how books educate and inspire, and how they soothe the soul-"like comfort food without the calories," she said. She talked about the tactile joys of reading, the feel of a page beneath one's fingers; the elegance of typeface on a page. She talked about how people complain that they don't have time to read, and reminded them that if they gave up half an hour of television a day in favor of reading, they could finish twenty-five books a year. "Books don't take time away from us," she said. "They give it back. In this age of abstraction, of multitasking, of speed for speed's sake, they reintroduce us to the elegance-and the relief!-of real, tick-tock time.”
“To those peoples in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required - not because the Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.”
“Rise early and seize each day, learn much and use this knowledge well, spend time with those you love, never abuse your pets, use logic to fight the irrational (for it is everywhere), defend the environment and its wildlife as a knight would protect King Arthur, meld mind and heart for greatest creativity, follow your dreams, and become all that you can be.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“When, at last, I ceased to be myself, I came to be.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“And so must learn to love with our mouths and voices, as well as with our eyes, flesh, heart, brains, and with everything we have, right down to our toenails. There is not anything about us that cannot love, and that is not called to love, and that is not destined to be turned, conformed, and reduced to pure love. It  is the priceless deposit left by the burning away of selfishness.”
“There's this mental illness, right? It's called 'anhedonia.' It means 'without pleasure.' You can look it up, though all you really need to do is look around." She motioned to the door the other women had disappeared through, and to the world at large. "A good deal of people, mostly women, spend their entire lives in this state. It's a sort of half-death. But if you recognize this, you can fix it You focus on bliss. Small pleasures. Fill your day with as many as you can fit into twenty-four hours. You devote every possible moment not to fulfilling another person-a man-but yourself."-Suzanne "Sounds hedonistic"- Joanna "But once you can do this, you start attracting everyone to you. You dont need compare yourself to some other girl, no matter how young or firm or perky she is ..Trust me. A woman like this, one at her best? We're the color of the world. We're the light and the beauty. So focus on your pleasure, and the man you want can't help but realize that he may be a prince but your a goddess.-Suzanne”
“ Gate C22 At gate C22 in the Portland airport a man in a broad-band leather hat kissed a woman arriving from Orange County. They kissed and kissed and kissed. Long after the other passengers clicked the handles of their carry-ons and wheeled briskly toward short-term parking, the couple stood there, arms wrapped around each other like he’d just staggered off the boat at Ellis Island, like she’d been released at last from ICU, snapped out of a coma, survived bone cancer, made it down from Annapurna in only the clothes she was wearing. Neither of them was young. His beard was gray. She carried a few extra pounds you could imagine her saying she had to lose. But they kissed lavish kisses like the ocean in the early morning, the way it gathers and swells, sucking each rock under, swallowing it again and again. We were all watching– passengers waiting for the delayed flight to San Jose, the stewardesses, the pilots, the aproned woman icing Cinnabons, the man selling sunglasses. We couldn’t look away. We could taste the kisses crushed in our mouths. But the best part was his face. When he drew back and looked at her, his smile soft with wonder, almost as though he were a mother still open from giving birth, as your mother must have looked at you, no matter what happened after–if she beat you or left you or you’re lonely now–you once lay there, the vernix not yet wiped off, and someone gazed at you as if you were the first sunrise seen from the Earth. The whole wing of the airport hushed, all of us trying to slip into that woman’s middle-aged body, her plaid Bermuda shorts, sleeveless blouse, glasses, little gold hoop earrings, tilting our heads up. ”
“Compassion is the key to the ultimate survival of our species.”
“Unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall much be required.”
“Optimists move through life with a happy exterior. What happens on the inside shows up on the outside.”
“In shallow men the fish of little thoughts cause much commotion. In oceanic minds the whales of inspiration make hardly a ruffle.”
“Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“To ‘let go’ sometimes makes us feel like losers because it means giving up what truly we felt we had a right to. But true strength lies in resisting the urge to hold onto things and people that bring us down.”
“No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.”
“الناس يصرون علي رؤيتي علي صوره تخالف تماما ما أنا عليه و إنهم لن يروا أبدا في مكاني سوي الشخص الذي صاغوه لأنفسهم وشكلوه وفق هواهم ليكرهوه كما يشاءون ، و إذن فإنني أكون مخطئا لو أنني تأثرت من الطريقه التي يرونني بها إذ لا يجب أن أعيرها أي اهتمام حقيقي لأنني لست أنا من يرونه علي هذه الصوره!”
“Marijuana enhances our mind in a way that enables us to take a different perspective from 'high up', to see and evaluate our own lives and the lives of others in a privileged way. Maybe this euphoric and elevating feeling of the ability to step outside the box and to look at life’s patterns from this high perspective is the inspiration behind the slang term “high” itself.”
“When we feel unsafe with someone and still stay with him, we damage our ability to discern trustworthiness in those we will meet in the future.”
“An intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils".”
“The universe is made up of stories, not atoms.”
“Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes.”
“Inspiration fires you up; motivation keeps you burning.”
“When you give appreciation IN ORDER TO get something– it's manipulation and people can sense it. Appreciate genuinely.”
“All you have to do is put one word after another, and remember how great it feels to be a writer.”
“Perfection is not a destination; it's a never-ending process Enjoy!”
“At dawn of man, many words of inspiration. At the end, there will be words of revelation.”
“Patience is the direct antithesis of anger.”
“Peace is not so much a political mandate as it is a shared state of consciousness that remains elevated and intact only to the degree that those who value it volunteer their existence as living examples of the same  Peace ends with the unraveling of individual hope and the emergence of the will to worship violence as a healer of private and social dis-ease.”
“Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.”
“Every mother has to take care of her family.”
“If the thought inspires you, and it feels good and right it is yours, alone, to exercise. So get right on it!”
“Some women seem so voluptuous in every sense, richly bountiful and fertile with generous gifts of plenty, sensual and confident in their female strength that they are called "earth mothers." That’s how some days feel —when they are bountiful and fertile with the power of our imagination.”
“I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.”
“There are no tyrants if there are no slaves.”
“You don’t have to stay trapped in your thoughts just because you think them.”
“It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break; the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.”
“Shut up and write.”
“Doubt is a storm. We either ride it out, or we change our course. Neither is right or wrong--to stay or go. Twenty years ago, should you have really married X, or Y? This college, or that? A life-changing decision one makes becomes the right decision by the fact of simply having been made.”
“How do you even know I'm someone you'll want to remember? We've only seen each other once before.' (Amber) 'Have you ever looked at a painting and known you had something in common with it? Have you ever seen something so beautiful you feel like crying? When I see you, I feel that way. I feel like the deepest part of me understands something vital about you.' (Virgil Daly)”
“No matter how much you know, your destiny depends on the Wisdom, Knowledge and Understanding you display.”
“Give thanks for what you are today and go on fighting for what you gone be tomorrow”
“The poet is much more the one who inspires,than the one who is inspired.”
“Falling in love with humans is like walking into a pantry and realizing you're trapped in it without Whip Cream, and Cherries.”
“In the height of the gusts, in my high position, where the seas did not break, I found myself compelled to cling tightly to the rail to escape being blown away. My face was stung to severe pain by the high-driving spindrift, and I had a feeling that the wind was blowing the cobwebs out of my sleep-starved brain. ”
“THE FOUR HEAVENLY FOUNTAINS Laugh, I tell you And you will turn back The hands of time. Smile, I tell you And you will reflect The face of the divine. Sing, I tell you And all the angels will sing with you! Cry, I tell you And the reflections found in your pool of tears - Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterday To guide you through the fears of tomorrow.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.”
“I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.”
“Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.”
“I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.”
“Mad Hatter: Am I going mad? Alice: Yes, you're mad, bonkers, off the top of your head but I'll tell you a secret. All the best people are.”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.”
“Calligraphy is a geometry of the soul which manifests itself physically.”
“excuse my enthusiasm or rather madness, for I am really drunk with intellectual vision whenever I take a pencil or graver into my hand.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“Being a Dream Girl is never going to be about what you look like or how much you weigh. After all, our physical appearances are just reflections of our inner worlds. What makes you a Dream Girl is your emotional sensitivity, your self-awareness, and your ability to communicate who you are effectively and compassionately in the world.”
“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
“Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.”
“Is it possible that the Pentateuch could not have been written by uninspired men? that the assistance of God was necessary to produce these books? Is it possible that Galilei ascertained the mechanical principles of 'Virtual Velocity,' the laws of falling bodies and of all motion; that Copernicus ascertained the true position of the earth and accounted for all celestial phenomena; that Kepler discovered his three laws—discoveries of such importance that the 8th of May, 1618, may be called the birth-day of modern science; that Newton gave to the world the Method of Fluxions, the Theory of Universal Gravitation, and the Decomposition of Light; that Euclid , Cavalieri , Descartes , and Leibniz , almost completed the science of mathematics; that all the discoveries in optics, hydrostatics, pneumatics and chemistry, the experiments, discoveries, and inventions of Galvani , Volta , Franklin and Morse , of Trevithick , Watt and Fulton and of all the pioneers of progress—that all this was accomplished by uninspired men, while the writer of the Pentateuch was directed and inspired by an infinite God? Is it possible that the codes of China, India, Egypt, Greece and Rome were made by man, and that the laws recorded in the Pentateuch were alone given by God? Is it possible that Æschylus and Shakespeare , Burns , and Beranger , Goethe and Schiller , and all the poets of the world, and all their wondrous tragedies and songs are but the work of men, while no intelligence except the infinite God could be the author of the Pentateuch? Is it possible that of all the books that crowd the libraries of the world, the books of science, fiction, history and song, that all save only one, have been produced by man? Is it possible that of all these, the bible only is the work of God?”
“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“The first rule of truly living is to do the things you're most afraid of.”
“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
“Drama is based on the Mistake. I think someone is my friend when he really is my enemy, that I am free to marry a woman when in fact she is my mother, that this person is a chambermaid when it is a young nobleman in disguise, that this well-dressed young man is rich when he is really a penniless adventurer, or that if I do this such and such a result will follow when in fact it results in something very different. All good drama has two movements, first the making of the mistake, then the discovery that it was a mistake.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“The only parts that really matter and take commitment in wedding vows are; worse, sickness and poorer. Better, richer and healthy is pretty easy to deal with.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“You're the insane one. You don't even love the world you created. So how can you expect us to love and respect you? An endless repetition of natural destruction and stupid, meaningless wars. Because we don't understand it, we have no way to stop it. We may be stupid and not know what to do  But we fight to move forward towards that which we think is right. Not just sticking to the arbitrary boundaries you created. We make lots of mistakes, and get hurt  But we keep believing in miracles. Looking for a truth we can't yet see. We do it our own way. Because we believe our lives mean something.”
“Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.”
“Instead of celebrating what makes each child unique, most parents push their children to "fit in" so that they don't "stick out." This unwittingly stomps out individuality and encourages conformity, despite these parents' good intentions”
“Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you”
“The best way to respond to Hatred is to trigger Love. The one who Loves is the Greatest”
“Be patient my little wild one, wondrous things take time. A pearl is hidden before it’s refined. A diamond’s luster is dull before revealing brilliant magnificent breathtaking shine.”
“Teachers have three loves: love of learning, love of learners, and the love of bringing the first two loves together.”
“Pippin glanced in some wonder at the face now close beside his own, for the sound of that laugh had been gay and merry. Yet in the wizard's face he saw at first only lines of care and sorrow; though as he looked more intently he perceived that under all there was a great joy: a fountain of mirth enough to set a kingdom laughing, were it to gush forth.”
“The greatest risk to man is not that he aims too high and misses, but that he aims too low and hits.”
“I believe the first draft of a book — even a long one — should take no more than three months…Any longer and — for me, at least — the story begins to take on an odd foreign feel, like a dispatch from the Romanian Department of Public Affairs, or something broadcast on high-band shortwave duiring a period of severe sunspot activity.”
“the joy that you give to others is the joy that comes back to you”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“I hope I make people feel better. I hope I take people out of their situations a little bit and make them happier. That's really why I do what I do.”
“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
“For a true artist, difficulties become opportunities and clouds become solid present.”
“Formerly I believed books were made like this: a poet came, lightly opened his lips, and the inspired fool burst into song – if you please! But it seems, before they can launch a song, poets must tramp for days with callused feet, and the sluggish fish of the imagination flounders softly in the slush of the heart. And while, with twittering rhymes, they boil a broth of loves and nightingales, the tongueless street merely writhes for lack of something to shout or say”
“The opposite of interpersonal trust is not mistrust. It is despair. This is because we have given up on believing that trustworthiness and fulfillment are possible from others. We have lost our hope in our fellow humans.”
“I realized that the good stories were affecting the organs of my body in various ways, and the really good ones were stimulating more than one organ. An effective story grabs your gut, tightens your throat, makes your heart race and your lungs pump, brings tears to your eyes or an explosion of laughter to your lips.”
“Pay attention to the intricate patterns of your existence that you take for granted.”
“I didn't know I had it in me. There's more to all of us than we realize. Life is so much bigger, grander, higher, and wider than we allow ourselves to think. We're capable of so much more than we allow ourselves to believe.”
“In the very act of writing I felt pleased with what I did. There was the pleasure of having words come to me, and the pleasure of ordering them, re-ordering them, weighing one against another. Pleasure also in the imagination of the story, the feeling that it could mean something. Mostly I was glad to find out that I could write at all. In writing you work toward a result you won't see for years, and can't be sure you'll ever see. It takes stamina and self-mastery and faith. It demands those things of you, then gives them back with a little extra, a surprise to keep you coming. It toughens you and clears your head. I could feel it happening. I was saving my life with every word I wrote, and I knew it.”
“There is no communication in this world except between equals.”
“You can dramatize your ideas in business or in any other aspect of your life. It’s easy”
“Evil does not exist; once you have crossed the threshold, all is good. Once in another world, you must hold your tongue.”
“The king was silent. "Ents!" he said at length. "Out of the shadows of legend I begin a little to understand the marvel of the trees, I think. I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of the strange places, and walk visible under the Sun." "You should be glad," Théoden King," said Gandalf. "For not only the little life of Men is now endangered, but the life also of those thing which you have deemed the matter of legend. You are not without allies, even if you know them not." "Yet also I should be sad," said Théoden. "For however the fortune of war shall go, may it not so end that much that was fair and wonderful shall pass for ever out of Middle-earth?”
“For the scientist, at exactly the moment of discovery—that most unstable existential moment—the external world, nature itself, deeply confirms his innermost fantastic convictions. Anchored abruptly in the world, Leviathan gasping on his hook, he is saved from extreme mental disorder by the most profound affirmation of the real.”
“Every woman should see herself looking uniquely breathtaking, in something tailored to celebrate her body, so that she is better able to appreciate her own beauty and better equipped to withstand the ideals of our narrow-waisted, narrow- minded culture.”
“Patience is a virtue not a vice.”
“Dreams link us to those who have already left this life.”
“If I never got to make a living doing what I loved, I'd still do it--for fun and for free.”
“Life's not the breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.”
“It has been often said that writing is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration. In my experience, this is true. But, in my opinion, it is useless without that 1 percent. It's like an engine without fuel -- can't get anywhere without it. Or like a lighthouse without a light on top -- doesn't guide anyone in to home or safe harbor.”
“Even in climes/without snow/one cannot go/foward sometimes./Things test you./You are part of/the Donners or/part of the rescue:/a muleteer in/earflaps; a/formerly hearty/Midwestern farmer/perhaps. Both/parties trapped/within sight/of the pass.”
“It's an enormous wall that's built between you and your dreams. And if every day, you just chip away  It may take ten years, but eventually you just might see some light.”
“The satisfactions/of agreement are/immediate as sugar--/a melting of the/granular, a syrup/that lingers, shared/not singular./Many prefer it.”
“إننا نربط أنفسنا - حين نصلي - بالقوة العظمى التي تهيمن على الكون، ونسألها ضارعين أن تمنحنا قبساً منها نستعين به على معاناة الحياة، بل إن الضراعة وحدها كفيلة بأن تزيد قوتنا ونشاطنا، ولن تجد احداً ضرع إلى الله مرة إلا عادت عليه هذه الضراعة بأحسن النتائج.”
“They want us to be afraid. They want us to be afraid of leaving our homes. They want us to barricade our doors and hide our children. Their aim is to make us fear life itself! They want us to hate. They want us to hate 'the other'. They want us to practice aggression and perfect antagonism. Their aim is to divide us all! They want us to be inhuman. They want us to throw out our kindness. They want us to bury our love and burn our hope. Their aim is to take all our light! They think their bricked walls will separate us. They think their damned bombs will defeat us. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that my soul and your soul are old friends. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that when they cut you I bleed. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that we will never be afraid, we will never hate and we will never be silent for life is ours!”
“i was so woried about wat i woud become in the future that i didnt realize i can be anything i want to be right now”
“This is your life – not your parents’, teachers’ or significant other’s. If you ever find yourself on a path that just doesn’t feel safe anymore, you have every right to stop the car, get out – change your shoes and start walking.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!”
“Don’t dwell too much on the past. The lessons are useful for the present and a preparation for the future. Move on!”
“Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.”
“Everything is temporary, almost like a passing fase, some of laughter Some of pain. What we would do, If we had the chance to explore What we had taken for Granted the very day before, Some would say I'm selfish, To hold a little sadness in my eyes, But they don't feel the sorrow When I can't do, all that helps me feel alive. I can express my emotions, but I can't run wild and free, My mind and soul would handle it but hell upon my hip, ankle and knees, This disorder came about, as a friendship said its last goodbyes, Soooo this is what I got given for all the years I stood by? I finally stand still to question it, life it is in fact? What the fuck is the purpose of it all if you get stabbed in the back? And after the anger fills the air, the regret takes it places, I never wanted to be that girl, Horrid, sad and faded  So I took with a grain of salt, my new found reality, I am not of my pain, the disability doesnt define me. I find away to adjust, also with the absence of my friend, I trust the choices I make, allow my heart to mend. I pick up the pieces I retrain my leg, I find where I left off And I start all over again, You see what happens  When a warrior gets tested; They grow from the ashes Powerful and invested. So I thank all this heartache, As I put it to a rest, I move forward with my life And I'll build a damn good nest.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”
“God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe.”
“Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.”
“When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict." -The Power Of Curiosity: How To Have Real Conversations That Create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“If your leg is in a cast, it's really dumb to sit in front of your computer doing unnecessary stuff with it hanging down. Your leg will swell and heal slower, if at all. When you go to your doctor, he/she will give you one of those "you're really dumb and self destructive" looks. Also, "Why didn't you follow my orders and rest?" Your doctor will be right, and so will mine at my next office visit. Elevate, folk! Elevate your mind, your soul, and your leg, in the order needed!”
“Thieves and liars kill indirectly, unintentionally, and with no other weapon than their tongues and malice.”
“I Am ! Two powerful words . You must confess  I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.”
“What do you care if people talk? Those who talk cannot harm you. Why should you be worried? You should only think about those things that please you. You have only one life in this world: soon you'll reach your eternal rest.”
“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“You have dirty hands and dark wild eyes, but by far you are the purest heart I have ever known.”
“It's easy to believe in someone else, the hard part to believe in urself”
“I smile, For the universe speaks to me in its own ways”
“Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.”
“Amid all the harsh words of a cruel world, let my voice speak out in tenderness. There is an inner light which must be nourished and cannot be replaced with a blind eye. Soft spirits are so much more than the simple result of hopeless romanticism. Each one is the soul of beauty and love combined.”
“اكتب ما شئت، واقرأ ما شئت، فلن ينفعك ذلك إلا بالعمل. فإن كتابة أو قراءة الواو والراء والدال لا تشم منها رائحة الورد”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Although my husband relied upon me to manage the business, my signature was worthless, much like yours. Now that I am a widow, my signature is binding. It is a terrible price to pay, and I doubt you would wish to pay it.”
“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
“Mindfulness helps us get better at seeing the difference between what’s happening and the stories we tell ourselves about what’s happening, stories that get in the way of direct experience. Often such stories treat a fleeting state of mind as if it were our entire and permanent self.”
“To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.”
“Why are there trees I never walk under but large and melodious thoughts descend upon me?”
“  human beings fear the unknown. So, whatever's freaking you out, grab it by the balls and say hello.”
“In honor of Oprah Winfrey: Even greater than the ability to inspire others with hope is the power to motivate them to give as much to the lives of others as they would give to their own; and to empower them to confront the worst in themselves in order to discover and claim the best in themselves.”
“YOU are your love of a lifetime.”
“Why sadness was created? So we could rest from laughing.”
“An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.”
“I make music for ears, not eyes”
“No man is ever just one thing.”
“If pain is a pot of boiling water, humor can be the rising steam.”
“One doesn't have to be religious to lead a moral life or attain wisdom.”
“You do it for yourself. You don’t expect to change the world. You don’t even expect to influence your family or your friends. You do it because you can’t not do it and be who you are. Or who you’re meant to be.”
“‎"With each experience we grow and become more aware of the inner beauty that lies within us. Ultimately we are truly our own leader. We lead the connection and flow of life that is our inheritance.”
“Failure is when you give up. A real winner is someone that doesn't give up, even when it feels like they are losing.”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“Contrary to what we've been told, life is simple. We complicate matters with our choices.”
“Love hurts. Think back over romance novels you’ve loved or the genre-defining books that drive our industry. The most unforgettable stories and characters spring from crushing opposition. What we remember about romance novels is the darkness that drives them. Three hundred pages of folks being happy together makes for a hefty sleeping pill, but three hundred pages of a couple finding a way to be happy in the face of impossible odds makes our hearts soar. In darkness, we are all alone. So don’t just make love, make anguish for your characters. As you structure a story, don’t satisfy your hero’s desires, thwart them. Make sure your solutions create new problems. Nurture your characters doubts and despair. Make them earn the happy ending they want, even better…make them deserve it. Delay and disappointment charge situations and validate character growth. Misery accompanies love. It’s no accident that many of the stories we think of as timeless romances in Western Literature are fiercely tragic: Romeo and Juliet, Tristan and Isolde, Cupid and Psyche… the pain in them drags us back again and again, hoping that this time we’ll find a way out of the dark. Only if you let your characters get lost will we get lost in them. And that, more than anything else, is what romance can and should do for its protagonists and its readers: lead us through the labyrinth, skirt the monstrous despair roaming its halls, and find our way into daylight.”
“Aim for what u want and the year will all make a sense.”
“My best testimonies are from the times I thought I couldn't survive.”
“Surprise is where creativity comes in.”
“Consider what really makes up your self-worth—like your caring heart or your ability to stand tall in the face of adversity”
“It does not manifest so that you can believe in it. You believe in it so that it can manifest.”
“Directing the mind to stay in the present can be a formidable task.”
“Never let kindness be your weakness, never let your weaknesses be your downfal”
“Each one of us holds the promise of greatness within our heart, minds, and souls. Our potential and where it leads us are as unique as our fingerprints, yet the way to access what is possible is universal. Affirm your life; find joy every day, even in the mundane; and embrace your strengths and use them better yourself and the world.”
“Fear is what keeps the walls up, so open the gate and let what you want, in when you want”
“It's your living room, it's your life, go nuts. You like Home Improvement ? Tape it and go over it like it's the Zapruder film.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Here's another poem, like all others before and after, dedicated to you. There isn't anything left to be said but I will spend my life trying to put you into words. You who is every goodness, every optimism and hope. Your love is a better fate for me than anything I could wish for. If you are a part of me, then you’re the best part. And if you're separate from me, then you are my destination. But I’ve become a weary traveller, so please, let us never be apart.”
“Fueled by my inspiration, I ran across the room to steal the cup of coffee the bookshelf had taken prisoner. Lapping the black watery brew like a hyena, I tossed the empty cup aside. I then returned to the chair to continue my divine act of creation. Hot blood swished in my head as my mighty pen stole across the page.”
“As Dostoevski said: 'Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared with love in dreams.”
“نجد أن الفن الحداثي يزداد ابهاما وتعقيدا حتى اصبح فنا نخبويا رغم ثورته على البرجوازية”
“If tragedy never entered our lives, we wouldn't appreciate the magic.”
“Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.”
“You may kill a fire. And everything you know falls to dust and ash. Yet the remarkable treasure in this seemingly hopeless pile, is hidden deep within. The burning embers incarnate the perpetual desire to go from spark to flame.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“To die is nothing, but to live with purpose and integrity, that's something”
“And the second [thing about the CBS EVENING NEWS that stands out in the mind of Michael J. Fox] was something Katie did later in the interview, as the drugs kicked in and the tremors segued into the jerkiness of dyskinesias. Somewhere in the contortions of making a point, my left arm detached the microphone clip from my jacket lapel. With no fuss and hardly a break in conversation or eye contact, she calmly leaned over and refastened it. Neither of us commented on it, but it was such an empathetic gesture, so far from anything patronizing or pitying, a simple kindness that allowed me the dignity to carry on making a point more important than the superficiality of my physical circumstance   One thing was abundantly clear though, whether or not she was able to forget how much she liked me: with that single act of consideration, she made it abundantly clear how much she loved her father.”
“It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves”
“When I observe Gram, I see how fragile the notion of tradition can be. If I take my eyes off the way she kneads her Easter bread, or if I fail to study the way she sews a seam in suede, or if I lose the mental image I have of her when she negotiates a better deal with a button salesman, somehow, the very essence of her will be lost. When she goes, the responsibility for carrying on will fall to me. My mother says I’m the keeper of the flame, because I work here, and because I choose to live here. A flame is a very fragile thing, too, and there are times when I wonder if I’m the on who can keep it going.”
“One need not believe in Pallas Athena, the virgin goddess, to be overwhelmed by the Parthenon. Similarly, a man who rejects all dogmas, all theologies and all religious formulations of beliefs may still find Genesis the sublime book par excellence. Experiences and aspirations of which intimations may be found in Plato, Nietzsche, and Spinoza have found their most evocative expression in some sacred books. Since the Renaissance, Shakespeare, Rembrandt, Mozart, and a host of others have shown that this religious dimension can be experienced and communicated apart from any religious context. But that is no reason for closing my heart to Job's cry, or to Jeremiah's, or to the Second Isaiah. I do not read them as mere literature; rather, I read Sophocles and Shakespeare with all my being, too.”
“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“I accept the Organic Trinity of Mineral, Vegetable, and Animal with as much authority as I accept the Holy Trinity. Both are sacred.”
“PRAISE FOR 'THE JOURNEY HOME' Many saints are known and praised by all. We pray to them in litanies and celebrate their feast days. But the vast majority of holy men and women live heroic lives quietly before God. Loyal to family, lovers of God, servants in the Church, these unsung saints live everyday life as an example for us. David Hanneman is one such man. His story is exemplary and should be told to the world. He not only lived a noble life, but also suffered with heroism and grace as he passed into glory. This is a story to encourage and bless us all. We are thankful to Joseph Hanneman for sharing his father and making his story known to us who need such examples to encourage us as we face the difficulties and challenges of life.”
“In a world so redolent with wonder, how can we allow ourselves to conduct our daily lives with so little insight, such absence of dignity?”
“Let it be told to the future world that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive, that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet it.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“You alone have the power to determine your value. Don’t let somebody else paste a discount sticker on you. You’re priceless.”
“Tell them a lie big enough, they'll worship you as a sage. Tell them a truth big enough and they'll mock you.”
“The urge to create a fictional narrative is a mysterious one, and when an idea comes, the writer's sense of what a story wants to be is only vaguely visible through the penumbra of inspiration.”
“In this walk to freedom, we must, without question obtain hearts of honesty and a tongue of truthfulness.”
“She glanced around at the tombstones. “You’re surrounded by death here. Way too depressing. You really might want to think about getting another job.” “You see death and sadness in these sunken patches of dirt, I see lives lived fully and the good deeds of past generations influencing the future ones.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Tuhanku, puaskan aku dengan aturanMu daripada aturanku, dengan pilihanMu daripada pilihanku”
“Your whole life has been a long road leading directly to this moment”
“The privileges of the Nobles of the Sword are not democratic   Across the country, peasants have been burning crops and châteaux. If the King does not willingly change taxation, I fear commoners and peasants will force him.”
“I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.”
“Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“Focus on faith and grow your roots strong and deep so no one can make you believe in something that is not good for your soul.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“If you want the answer—ask the question.”
“I never want you to deny anything about yourself because you have grown up thinking it’s unacceptable or inconvenient for the people around you.”
“Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.”
“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
“I am no nihilist. I am not even a cynic. I am, actually, rather romantic. And here’s my idea of romance: You will soon be dead. Life will sometimes seem long and tough and, god, it’s tiring. And you will sometimes be happy and sometimes sad. And then you’ll be old. And then you’ll be dead.”
“Don't try to follow trends. Create them.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother] The record of a generous life runs like a vine around the memory of our dead, and every sweet, unselfish act is now a perfumed flower. Dear Friends: I am going to do that which the dead oft promised he would do for me. The loved and loving brother, husband, father, friend, died where manhood's morning almost touches noon, and while the shadows still were falling toward the west. He had not passed on life's highway the stone that marks the highest point; but, being weary for a moment, he lay down by the wayside, and, using his burden for a pillow, fell into that dreamless sleep that kisses down his eyelids still. While yet in love with life and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust. Yet, after all, it may be best, just in the happiest, sunniest hour of all the voyage, while eager winds are kissing every sail, to dash against the unseen rock, and in an instant hear the billows roar above a sunken ship. For whether in mid sea or 'mong the breakers of the farther shore, a wreck at last must mark the end of each and all. And every life, no matter if its every hour is rich with love and every moment jeweled with a joy, will, at its close, become a tragedy as sad and deep and dark as can be woven of the warp and woof of mystery and death. This brave and tender man in every storm of life was oak and rock; but in the sunshine he was vine and flower. He was the friend of all heroic souls. He climbed the heights, and left all superstitions far below, while on his forehead fell the golden dawning, of the grander day. He loved the beautiful, and was with color, form, and music touched to tears. He sided with the weak, the poor, and wronged, and lovingly gave alms. With loyal heart and with the purest hands he faithfully discharged all public trusts. He was a worshipper of liberty, a friend of the oppressed. A thousand times I have heard him quote these words: 'For Justice all place a temple, and all season, summer!' He believed that happiness was the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest. He added to the sum of human joy; and were every one to whom he did some loving service to bring a blossom to his grave, he would sleep to-night beneath a wilderness of flowers. Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to look beyond the heights. We cry aloud, and the only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes no word; but in the night of death hope sees a star and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing. He who sleeps here, when dying, mistaking the approach of death for the return of health, whispered with his latest breath, 'I am better now.' Let us believe, in spite of doubts and dogmas, of fears and tears, that these dear words are true of all the countless dead. And now, to you, who have been chosen, from among the many men he loved, to do the last sad office for the dead, we give his sacred dust. Speech cannot contain our love. There was, there is, no gentler, stronger, manlier man.”
“Life is really very simple. In each moment, we have the opportunity to choose between saying “yes” or “no”, to listen to our intuition, to listen to our true inner voice, the Existential voice within ourselves. When we say “yes”, we have contact with Existence and we receive nourishment, love, joy, support and inspiration. When we say “no”, we create a separation from life and begin to create dreams and expectations of how it should be. We begin to live in the memories of the past and in the fantasies of the future – as if any other time than here and now really could make us happy and satisfied.”
“I do not write poetry; I take words and dip them in feelings.”
“When inspiration is silent reason tires quickly.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear.”
“We can not, therefore, reserve as sacred anything that is not truth and yet we cannot turn from things of truth have inspired us in our everyday lives. We must merely embrace both hard and soft truths that must not be avoided. This does not mean we can reserve for ourselves the right to be self-righteous nor call others self-righteous simply because they disagree with us.”
“Mëso të mos e shkatërrosh me fjalë atë çfarë ke ndërtuar me heshtje.”
“What would people think?' Jesus said that people think all sorts of things. The human mind is like a cloud of gnats. Constant motion. That's why you have to look at the heart. 'Oh,' said Grandpa.”
“What is a miracle if not the manifestation of light where darkness is expected?”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.”
“Writers and artists know that ethereal moment, when just one, fleeting something--a chill, an echo, the click of a lamp, a question—-ignites the flame of an entire work that blazes suddenly into consciousness.”
“In the South American rainforest, there is a tribe called the Desana, who see the world as a fixed quantity of energy that flows between all creatures. Every birth must therefore engender a death, and every death brings forth another birth. This way, the energy of the world remains complete. When they hunt for food, the Desana know the animals they kill will leave a hole in the spiritual well. But that hole will be filled, they believe, by the Desana hunters when they die. Were there no men dying, there would be no birds or fish being born. I like this idea. Morrie likes it, too. The closer he gets to goodbye, the more he seems to feel we are all creatures in the same forest. What we take, we must replenish. "It's only fair," he says.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Crying is NOT a weakness. Cry as much as you have to. Don’t be afraid or ashamed to let your tears flow. Crying is a natural part of life. We all have feelings, and sometimes crying is all that we can do. Crying can help relieve the pain, hurt, disappointments, and all of the other things that life can throw our way. Know that it’s okay, and know that you’re going to be okay as well. Wishing You: Peace of mind, Comfort, Happiness, Joy within and LOVE.”
“Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“We will never have a perfect world, but it’s not romantic or naïve to work toward a better one.”
“Souls reconstructed with faith transform agony into peace.”
“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”
“Hating skin color is contempt for God's divine creative imagination. Honoring it is appreciation for conscious, beautiful-love-inspired diversity.”
“To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”
“There is only one you for all time. Fearlessly be yourself.”
“Man is a slow, sloppy, and brilliant thinker; computers are fast, accurate, and stupid.”
“Have you realized that today is the tomorrow you talked about yesterday? It is your responsibility to change your life for the better.”
“Goals are dreams with a deadline.”
“An idea, like a ghost, must be spoken to a little before it will explain itself.”
“Mindfulness, also called wise attention, helps us see what we’re adding to our experiences, not only during meditation sessions but also elsewhere.”
“Nothing makes a person desire improvement like failure”
“A child’s imaginary playmate just might actually be there.”
“Stay present for the “now” of your life. It’s your “point of power.”
“Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?”
“People turn to meditation because they want to make good decisions, break bad habits & bounce back better from disappointments.”
“Watch what you ask for you just might get it.”
“It's strange, isn't it, how you never know you're living the best time of your life at the moment you're living it? If you could appreciate, at that instant, that this is it, maybe you'd make certain your mind imprinted every detail of the sights, smells, sounds and sensations. Then again, maybe knowing that life will only get duller, sadder, less hopeful afterward would inject melancholy into that moment. You'd miss life's peak experience by mourning it before it passes. So perhaps it's best not to know.”
“The practice of lovingkindness can uplift us & relieve sorrow & unhappiness.”
“Knowledge does not come to us by details, but in flashes of light from heaven.”
“One more thing ”
“Perhaps just to have loved was enough - just to have seen this world,and known it,through the eyes of love.”
“It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.”
“What is more yours than what always holds you back?”
“You never know what will save you.”
“In a time when I need a little hope I look at a photo of where I call home and think of the moment I'll have when I go back with my trials and struggles carried in a box able to be let free and turn into achievements and happiness.”
“You're never going to walk around fear. You're only going to walk through it. I have to do all those things I am afraid of, but I do them constantly renewing my mind.”
“Seek your own answers in life, and not what others dictate to you.”
“Everyday of your life is a another lesson. If you learn the lesson well and apply it; whether positive or negative, you determine what happens in your tomorrow.”
“Creativity thrives where its roots are crowded.”
“Live like there’s no tomorrow and learn as if your life depends on it”
“You have to find your own shtick. A Picasso always looks like Picasso painted it. Hemingway always sounds like Hemingway. A Beethoven symphony always sounds like a Beethoven symphony. Part of being a master is learning how to sing in nobody else's voice but your own.”
“You need to trust To surrender To ask for guidance Go within for the answers They're within you You have the answers All you need do is ask”
“To die, so young to die. No, no, not I, I love the warm sunny skies, light, song, shining eyes, I want no war, no battle cry, No, no, not I.”
“Writing is the thing that props me up.”
“When you enter a grove peopled with ancient trees, higher than the ordinary, and shutting out the sky with their thickly inter-twined branches, do not the stately shadows of the wood, the stillness of the place, and the awful gloom of this doomed cavern then strike you with the presence of a deity?”
“People will find transformation and transcendence in a McDonald's hash brown if it's all they've got.”
“Getting carried away is stupid, it won't get me anywhere. -Nana Komatsu”
“I learned long ago that when change comes, you gotta slow down and take note of it. In the midst of that change is all the possibility in the world.”
“Stories are the collective wisdom of everyone who has ever lived. Your job as a storyteller is not simply to entertain. Nor is it to be noticed for the way you turn a phrase. You have a very important job--one of the most important. Your job is to let people know that everyone shares their feelings--and that these feelings bind us. Your job is a healing art, and like all healers, you have a responsibility. Let people know they are not alone. You must make people understand that we are all the same.”
“ليس الخلاص عندي في رفض الحياه ,فاني لأحس ضمه الحريه في عشرات المئات من قيود الملذات ,كلا..لن اغلق حواسي , ان مباهج النظر, والسمع واللمس ستحمل دائما طابع النعيم الاكبر , اجل ان كل اوهامي ستتقد لتكون انوارا في مهرجان الافراح وستنضج كل اشواقي لتكون ثمارا في ربيع الحب وهو موقف ايجابي من الحياه والطبيعه.”
“Four times during the first six days they were assembled and briefed and then sent back. Once, they took off and were flying in formation when the control tower summoned them down. The more it rained, the worse they suffered. The worse they suffered, the more they prayed that it would continue raining. All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars. All through the day, they looked at the bomb line on the big, wobbling easel map of Italy that blew over in the wind and was dragged in under the awning of the intelligence tent every time the rain began. The bomb line was a scarlet band of narrow satin ribbon that delineated the forward most position of the Allied ground forces in every sector of the Italian mainland. For hours they stared relentlessly at the scarlet ribbon on the map and hated it because it would not move up high enough to encompass the city. When night fell, they congregated in the darkness with flashlights, continuing their macabre vigil at the bomb line in brooding entreaty as though hoping to move the ribbon up by the collective weight of their sullen prayers. "I really can't believe it," Clevinger exclaimed to Yossarian in a voice rising and falling in protest and wonder. "It's a complete reversion to primitive superstition. They're confusing cause and effect. It makes as much sense as knocking on wood or crossing your fingers. They really believe that we wouldn't have to fly that mission tomorrow if someone would only tiptoe up to the map in the middle of the night and move the bomb line over Bologna. Can you imagine? You and I must be the only rational ones left." In the middle of the night Yossarian knocked on wood, crossed his fingers, and tiptoed out of his tent to move the bomb line up over Bologna.”
“Anguish is the universal language”
“But can one actually see beauty with eyes blurred by the lack of almost everything a human being needs?”
“we tend to steer our lives in the direction of the lessons we need to learn”
“In life there is reality and there is what you want in life. If you took a moment to step back and forget about everything that is going on that doesn't really mean that much anyway, you might be able to figure out how to get what you want and what has been stopping you. For every problem there is a solution, for every  need God has provided the answer, and for every want there is a way. Reality is what you make it.”
“Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking… Sign and date”
“Opposition can be your friend. Opposition can be the fire that tempers the better sword, as well as the ice that cools a fiery temper. Don't ever run from it; learn from it!”
“Each day is a gift To embrace and welcome”
“-بالموت او المرض ,بالفقر او بنداء الواجب يجب ان يتعلم كل فرد منا ان العالم ليس مصنوعا من اجلنا , وانه مهما كان جمال الاشياء التي نشتهيها , فان القدر بامكانه منعها عنا, ومن مقتضيات الشجاعه عنداما تأتي الكوارث أن نحمل دون تذمر انقاض امالنا. وان نقوم بابعاد أفكارنا عن الاسف العقيم. هذه الدرجه من الاستسلام للقوه ليست عادله وصائبه فحسب , وانما هي بحق بوابه الحكمه..”
“It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all”
“Trying to live up to yourself is the most trying thing.”
“Isn't it amazing how we always have to put our mark on things? And how, from the natural world, we find evidence over and over again that reminds us, not so much of the birds, but of our own stories and our own kinds of art?”
“Arithmetic is the death of story.”
“There's a kid or some kids somewhere. I'll never know them. They're particle-puzzle-cubing right now. They might be mini-misanthropes from Moosefart, Montana. They might be demi-dystopians from Dogdick, Delaware. They dig my demonic dramas. The metaphysic maims them. They grasp the gravity. They'll duke it out with their demons. They'll serve a surfeit of survival skills. They won't be chronologically crucified. They'll shore up my shit. They'll radically revise it. They'll pass it along.”
“Believe, my child. Faith is the food of survival.”
“Dissatisfaction can be a source of inspiration if you learn to control it.”
“Scientists used to do an experiment whereby a dog’s repeated reward for performing a task was unaccountably replaced by punishment. The dog, knowing it would be penalized for doing well or doing badly, would become melancholic and inactive. This and other unforeseeable results were funded by taxing up to sixty percent of people’s earnings. People became strangely melancholic and inactive ”
“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
“Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need”
“Find the light of beauty even in the shadows of darkness.”
“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
“Momentum builds success.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Can you identify the source preventing you from feeling good every single day, from loving yourself unconditionally and making your dreams come true? Is it a voice in your head or a gut wrenching ache that compromises your inner peace and doesn’t allow you to accept the love around you? Is there one thing, or maybe many things, keeping you from forgiving your past and moving forward, tormenting you with lies like “You don’t deserve real love so just settle for whatever you can get,” “You’re not smart enough to achieve your dream so don’t even try,” or “Look at your past… you should hate yourself way more than you actually do!”? Welcome to your Little Monster.”
“Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Your ability to make me feel like I was less than I was, took awhile to recover from. But after ripping my own self worth to shreds for so long, I realized that I wasn't less just because I was more than your inexperienced hands could handle.”
“The simple and familiar hold the secrets of the complex and unknown.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.”
“Even if we try to conform to ideals and strive for perfection, we will always be pulled back to our core identity because it’s the path of least resistance for our souls – an energy force that wants nothing more than for us to honor and accept who we are and discover what we’re meant to do in the world.”
“Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?”
“I only wish the NRA and its jellyfish, well-paid supporters in legislatures both State and Federal would be careful to recite the whole of it, and then tell us how a heavily armed man, woman, or child, recruited by no official, led by no official, given no goals by any official, motivated or restrained only by his or her personality and perceptions of what is going on, can be considered a member of a well-regulated militia.”
“The secret to being successful in any field is getting very interested in it  I could force myself to be fairly good in a lot of things, but I couldn't excel in anything in which I didn't have an intense interest”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“Fireflies, to me, are nighttime butterflies, Dazzling the night with magical flashes of light. When I see these teeny tiny sparks dart in the night, I am overcome with a sense of comfort and calm, Same as when a butterfly flutters around me during the day. I’m drawn to the dance of both astonishing critters. They remind me of life. They remind me of hope.”
“As helpers, we often feel the need to see our impact in tangible, measurable ways. We allow negative language into our head about the “broken system;” we look through a lens of “it doesn’t matter, I can’t make a difference”. These ideas are surely contributing to our burnout.”
“Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue what you want.”
“To conquer fear is the best way to gain your self-confidence.”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“I just liked the idea that there's still things that we don't know. At school, it's the same thing, every day. I liked that it might be all right to believe in large, mad, wild things.”
“I wanted feeling to guide us in life, and not life to be the guide to feeling.”
“Waiting is wasting. Make the most of yourself and be the best version of yourself. Have Trust in Allah's greatness; He will provide everything.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“So many people will tell you ”no”, and you need to find something you believe in so hard that you just smile and tell them ”watch me”. Learn to take rejection as motivation to prove people wrong. Be unstoppable. Refuse to give up, no matter what. It’s the best skill you can ever learn.”
“I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.”
“I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.”
“I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet.”
“Fairies with gossamer wings, Bring forth beauty, grace and joyful things. Fairies of the earth are caretakers of our soil, water and trees, They watch over beautiful creatures such as bears, bunnies and bees. Fairies ask that you breathe in and appreciate the vantage point from which you stand, Then trod carefully and respectfully with each intentional step you make across this beautiful land.”
“Support and encouragement are found in the most unlikely places.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?”
“There are Tantrics who deliberately seek to do more active forms of renunciation, so transgression of social norms and breaking of taboo, and breaking of social taboos especially, is a form of renunciation.”
“Sometimes you must stand still in order to get moving to where GOD wants you to go.”
“There can be no forced inspiration.”
“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
“We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.”
“Motivation gets you going; Inspiration keeps you going.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Paranormal events are just edges of the infinite we “happen” to encounter.”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“Today is a gift from God. Don't waste it!”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude. Happiness is in your mind, not in the circumstance.”
“Life is real, and you canot live a lie.”
“Cultivate plants which attract lovely company.”
“Woman, the child of so many tears shall never perish.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“It’s never been easier for audiences to skip, filter, or avoid advertising, so the best ideas are the ones that respect that the audience needs to get something out of the work; it should inspire, satisfy, or motivate them. You can’t just bombard people with messages anymore.”
“Every bone in my body was crying out for rest, but I knew if I stopped, and perhaps slept, I would die. I had to keep going. It was strange, but the thirst which was killing me was also the driving force keeping me on this long, desperate march.”
“Let them mock, Bran thought. No one mocked him in his bedchamber, but he would not live his life in bed.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“And now that its ruby eyes are set into the gold, you cannot see their tear-shape, so they seem to be laughing rather than crying. It is a constant reminder to me of the human ability to create something beautiful even when things are at the darkest.”
“When love dies, the heart's ashes do not leave on the wind—they rest on the mantelpiece of the soul, darkening the sunrise we once saw to be beautiful.”
“What is lovely never dies, but passes into other loveliness, Star-dust, or sea-foam, flower or winged air.”
“Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.”
“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”
“You have a masterpiece inside you, you know. One unlike any that has ever been created, or ever will be. If you go to your grave without painting your masterpiece, it will not get painted. No one else can paint it. Only you.”
“That's why it's called a practice. We have to practice a practice if it is to be of value.”
“And life is a good thing for a writer. It's where we get our raw material, for a start. We quite like to stop and watch it.”
“The only difference between a grown-up's mistake and a child's is the size of the consequence.”
“What is more precious: a thousand answers derived from one question? Or, one answer…from a thousand questions?”
“Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.”
“When you face a new challenge, remember the skills, talent, guts and resources that got you through before.”
“We have a right to decide how we want our bodies to look and feel, but unfortunately we do not exercise these rights. Instead, we tend to drift along, victims of our own ignorance of the fact that we can have what we want, if we are willing to take that first step toward developing the self-discipline to govern our thoughts.”
“Anybody with leisure can do that who is willing to begin where everything ought to be begun--that is, at the beginning. Nothing worth calling good can or ever will be started full grown. The essential of any good is life, and the very body of created life, and essential to it, being its self operant, is growth. The larger start you make, the less room you leave for life to extend itself. You fill with the dead matter of your construction the places where assimilation ought to have its perfect work, building by a life-process, self-extending, and subserving the whole. Small beginnings with slow growings have time to root themselves thoroughly--I do not mean in place nor yet in social regard, but in wisdom. Such even prosper by failures, for their failures are not too great to be rectified without injury to the original idea.”
“But that initial, comet-blazing-across-the-sky, Big Idea is only the beginning. Each book is composed of a mosaic of thousands of little ideas, ideas that invariably come to me at two in the morning when my alarm is set for seven.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.”
“God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.”
“Think it. Write it. Sell it.”
“Language imparts identity, meaning, and perspective to our human condition. Writers are either polluters or part of the cleanup.”
“We all have issues & we have usually come by them honestly.”
“You know how sometimes you remember a place you once loved, a movie you’ve enjoyed, only to be disappointed when you return to that place or see that movie for a second time? Well, it wasn’t disappointing. She sounds exactly as I remember her—and there is still something so warm and caring about her that it is difficult to hate her for how she abandoned us.”
“Extend your "best before" date by living a youthful life.”
“There's always that song that brings you back to the past. That makes you pause in the middle of what you're doing just so you could hear it clearly. The words bringing you back to a time that seemed nearly impossible, the words making you think for one moment that time itself has actually stopped. And there's nothing but you & perfect melody that brings you one step closer to what used to be.”
“We must experience certain things in life, even in our childhood, so we can later look back and value the journey.”
“Writing is the voices inside our heads, our minds, the creativity that exists for us to, from nothing, create alternate worlds, manipulate a personality or to introduce a new kind of love, a new kind of hate or pain or happiness or wonder or  anything we want. Through words, we can do, we can be anything we want.”
“The number of those who have nothing to recommend them and of those in whom nothing but good can be found is probably equal”
“Your tears only water your weeds”
“In this world, people actually don't live a life for themselves but usually live a life for someone they love.”
“Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels.”
“There are  otherwise quite decent people who are so dull of nature that they believe that they must attribute the swift flight of fancy to some illness of the psyche, and thus it happens that this or that writer is said to create not other than while imbibing intoxicating drink or that his fantasies are the result of overexcited nerves and resulting fever. But who can fail to know that, while a state of psychical excitement caused by the one or other stimulant may indeed generate some lucky and brilliant ideas, it can never produce a well-founded, substantial work of art that requires the utmost presence of mind.”
“The thing I want you especially to understand is this feeling of divine revelation. I feel that this structure was "out there" all along I just couldn't see it. And now I can! This is really what keeps me in the math game-- the chance that I might glimpse some kind of secret underlying truth, some sort of message from the gods.”
“The best of humanity's recorded history is a creative balance between horrors endured and victories achieved, and so it was during the Harlem Renaissance.”
“A mountain is the best medicine for a troubled mind. Seldom does man ponder his own insignificance. He thinks he is master of all things. He thinks the world is his without bonds. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Only when he tramps the mountains alone, communing with nature, observing other insignificant creatures about him, to come and go as he will, does he awaken to his own short-lived presence on earth.”
“We can make room for more experiences of radiance, peace, and beauty; and when we do, they arrive. When we make an intention to experience peace, when we value it enough to make room for it and invite it into our busy lives, it arrives bearing gifts. We make room for this guest, not by doing anything, but by just being, just allowing ourselves to rest, once and for all, in this sweet moment with no agenda, no purpose, no reason, but just to experience the moment as it is. We make room for peace and happiness by just noticing them. We notice that they are already here, and noticing them brings them more strongly into focus. Peace and happiness are always here, but they often go unnoticed.”
“Loving oneself Is the most primal Of all survival mechanisms”
“Love is the only energy I’ve ever used as a writer. I’ve never written out of anger, although anger has informed love.”
“Fight ever on: this earthly stuff If used God’s way will be enough. Face to the firing line o friend Fight out life’s battle to the end. One soldier, when the fight was red, Threw down his broken sword and fled. Another snatched it, won the day, With what his comrade flung away.”
“Good men do the most harm.”
“When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”
“On my website there's a quote from the writer Anthony Burgess: "The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind." I've always found that inspiring because the written word, as an art form, is unlike any other: movies, TV, music, they're shared experiences, but books aren't like that. The relationship between a writer and a reader is utterly unique to those two individuals. The world that forms in your head as you read a book will be slightly different to that experienced by every other reader. Anywhere. Ever. Reading is very personal, a communication from one mind to another, something which can't be exactly copied, or replicated, or directly shared. If I read the work of, say, one of the great Victorian novelists, it's like a gift from the past, a momentary connection to another's thoughts. Their ideas are down on paper, to be picked up by me, over a century later. Writers can speak individually to readers across a year, or ten years, or a thousand. That's why I love books.”
“Everybody trusts a guy in a raincoat. I don't know why. It's just one of those mystery facts.”
“-حياه الانسان هي مشوار طويل عبر الليل , ملي بالمتاعب والالام,تحيطه الاشباح مغير المرئيه,تجاه هدف واحيأمل القليلون في الوصول اليه ولا يتمهل أحد طويلا قبالته.واحدا تلو الاخر , وبينما هم سائرون ,يختفي رفاقنا عن انظارنا ,تقبضهم الاوامر الصامته للموت القاهر, وقصير جدا ذلك الوقت الذي نستطيع فيه مسااعدتهم , والذي تتحدد فيه سعادتهم او شقاؤهم.فليكن اذن أن ننثر الضياء في طريقهم, ونخفف أحزانهم بأكف التعاطف, ونمنحهم الغبطه الخالصه للتعاطف الذي لا يفتر ,بأن نقوي العزائم المنهاره ونوفر لهم الايمان في ساعات اليأس , ولنتوقف عن قياس مزاياهم وعيوبهم بمقاييس جامده, ولنفكر فقط في احتياجاتهم, في الاحزان والصعوبات والقهر والعمي الذي يكتنف حياتهم ويسبب لهم البؤس , ولنتذكر انهم كانوا رفاق المعاناه في نفس الظلمات, وممثلين في نفس التراجيديا معنا.”
“How many fears came between us? Earthquakes, diseases, wars where hell rained smoldering pus from skies made of winged death. Horror tore this world asunder. While inside the bleeding smoke and beyond the shredded weeping flesh we memorized tales of infinite good. --from The History Lesson”
“In tough and desperate times when your creativity begs to be birthed, loose the confines of the ground; stand up in your faith and walk atop the waves…”
“Anything creative requires a bit of acting,and filling in blanks with imagination.”
“Dituntun oleh masa laluku, didorong oleh keberadaanku, aku terbang mencari sesuatu yang tak kuketahui. Antusiasme, rasa ingin tahu, dan harapan menemaniku.”
“Faith is the door to the full inner life of the Church, a life which includes not only access to an authoritative teaching but above all to a deep personal experience which is at once unique and yet shared by the whole Body of Christ, in the Spirit of Christ.”
“People need not fear the unknown if they have a capable of achieving what they need and what”
“It's how we see the world that keeps the darkness beyond at bay. Keeps it from pouring through and devouring us. I think all of us might know that, way down deep.”
“Meditation is essentially training our attention so that we can be more aware— not only of our own inner workings but also of what’s happening around us in the here & now.”
“The Spirit of God breathes inspiration, while the carnal mind breeds vanity.”
“Being a senior doesn't automatically make one wise but the wise & foolish alike have things to teach us.”
“Silence is so steadfast, you know. It is so ample, after all.”
“You might be looking forward to working, falling in love, marrying, raising a family. You are told that you should expect to find a job paying so much, where your hours are so much, where your responsibilities are so much. That is what is expected of you. And if you live up to it, it will be an awful waste. If you expect that, you will be limiting yourself.”
“There is no time to waste in life and there is no cut and paste as well, only copy and paste – you can only emulate others”
“The average Bhutanese knows much more about the world than the average American (for Americans)It is more comfortable to watch fake news about celebrities than to know what's happening in China or southern Sudan. But events happening in China or Sudan affect us so much more because they are real.”
“Real freedom lies in wildness,not in civilization!!”
“Strong delusions travel like cold germs on a sneeze.”
“Imitation is not inspiration, and inspiration only can give birth to a work of art. The least of man's original emanation is better than the best of borrowed thought.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“Stop trying to explain yourself. People only understand things from their level of perception; within the parameters of their agreement with reality. Save your energy.”
“Faith is not like a raincoat, only to be worn on drizzly days.”
“To me feminism is not simply a struggle to end male chauvinism or a movement to ensure that women will have equal rights with men; it is a commitment to eradicating the ideology of domination that permeates Western culture on various levels--sex, race, and class, to name a few--and a commitment to reorganizing U.S. society so that the self-development of people can take precedence over imperialism, economic expansion, and material desires.”
“Talent is a faucet. When it is on, one must write. Inspiration is a farce that poets have invented to give themselves importance.”
“A traitor commits his crime but once. The rest/is retribution.”
“We would never call inexplicable little insights 'hunches,' for fear of drawing the universe's attention. But they happened, and you knew you had been in the proximity of one that had come through if you saw a detective kiss his or her fingers and touch his or her chest where a pendant to Warsha, patron saint of inexplicable inspirations, would, theoretically, hang.”
“Do an evening review at the end of the day to reflect on what went well, and what you'd do differently next time.”
“I felt that blank incapability of invention which is the greatest misery of authorship, when dull Nothing replies to our anxious invocations. "Have you thought of a story?" I was asked every morning, and each morning I was forced to reply with a mortifying negative”
“The stationary condition is the beginning of the end”
“When his writing is going well, Gordon Strangle Mars likes to wake up at 6 a.m. and go out driving. He works out new plot lines about giant spiders and keeps an eye out for abandoned couches, which he wrestles into the back of his pickup truck. Then he writes for the rest of the day.”
“Circumstances are the seeds of literature.”
“One can't work/by limelight.//A bowlful/right at/one's elbow//produces no/more than/a baleful/glow against/the kitchen table.//The fruit purveyor's/whole unstable/pyramid//doesn't equal/what daylight did.”
“Memoria selectiva para recordar lo bueno, prudencia logica para no arruinar el presente y optimismo desafiante para encarar al futuro.”
“Don’t let anyone tell you how long it will take for you to heal—but be aware that time is passing, whether you’re healing or not.”
“People are not being reached in the context of the body of Christ--they're like newborn babies being left on a doorstep somewhere to feed and care for themselves.”
“It is a cliche that human beings are fascinated by size--mountain peaks, high buildings, and whales. We are also amazed by miniatures--a flea on a mouse, a flea on a trapeze, the Last Supper carved on the head of a pin.”
“take words and make them useful,' she told me. 'drain them of all the crappy meanings they used to mean and make them mean something useful instead.”
“The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.”
“yeah, sure, the sun will age my skin, and all these giggles and smiles with you will, over time, will crack up my face and give me wrinkles sunshine, giggles, smiles, you? that's happiness, baby i'm living!”
“The vast majority of people eat animal products not because of how they’re produced, but in spite of it.”
“It’s not something he can do anything about, being a bleeder, anymore than a guy with a glass jaw can do something about not having whiskers.”
“I think of inspiration as desire infused with spirit and topped with an almost reckless optimism.”
“I am simply a complicated girl Mesmerized by mystery Enchanted with shadows Intrigued by glitter and gray in each of us A girl fascinated with word-play; Paradoxes, ironies, conundrums In love with adventure and curious about the world A girl who feels and dreams deeply Loves passionately Lives recklessly But about all else, I am a girl insanely in love with you! You are my greatest inspiration!”
“To write is to re-create something as you'd like it to be.”
“Jeremy and Karl and Elizabeth have known each other since the first day of kindergarten. Amy and Talis are a year younger Now the five are inseparable; invincible. They imagine that life will always be like this--like a television show in eternal syndication--that they will always have each other. They use the same vocabulary. They borrow each other's books and music. They share lunches, and they never say anything when Jeremy comes over and takes a shower. They all know Jeremy's father is eccentric. He's supposed to be eccentric. He's a novelist.”
“Vulnerability has to happen for love to be real.”
“The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.”
“It's easy to believe in someone else, the hard part is to believe in yourself”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“I used to be afraid about what people might say or think after reading what I had written. I am not afraid anymore, because when I write, I am not trying to prove anything to anyone, I am just expressing myself and my opinions. It’s ok if my opinions are different from those of the reader, each of us can have his own opinions. So writing is like talking, if you are afraid of writing, you may end up being afraid of talking”
“You can grow like a tall tree, when you enjoy the sun, wind, rain, storms and the stars in the dark nights.”
“Think the tree that bears nutrition: though the fruits are picked, the plant maintains fruition. So give all the love you have. Do not hold any in reserve. What is given is not lost; it shall return.”
“Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.”
“The power of a writer is that he is a god of sorts. He can create his own worlds and populate them with his own people, all by the powers of his imagination. It's the closest a man can come close to the gods. No wonder the most successful writers are considered immortals”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.”
“Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
“Don't plant a seed just a day before you need the fruit. ~ Aarush Kashyap”
“Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right. Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Whatever you dream of, there will be fulfillment.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“The short space of threescore years can never content the imagination of man; nor can the imperfect joys of this world satisfy his heart. Man alone, of all created beings, displays a natural contempt of existence, and yet a boundless desire to exist; he scorns life, but he dreads annihilation. These different feelings incessantly urged his soul to the contemplation of a future state, and religion directs his musings thither. Religion, then, is simply another form of hope; and it is no less natural to the human heart than hope itself.”
“Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.”
“What really got me thinking about illustrating children's books was I discovered Hugh Thompson's illustrations for The Vicar of Wakefield in my mother's library and I looked at it and said, 'That's what I'm going to do.”
“If you think you've seen it all, put on your sunglasses, because you're about to be surprised.”
“I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go. That's just a little bit about me.”
“When you have the power to love, that strength, that courage is infinite; that love is infinite. There is nothing finite about it's presence, for love. never. dies.”
“Inspiration is like perspiration. It tends to strike at the most inopportune of times.”
“Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!”
“We must always remember that it is the things of the spirit that in the end prevail. That caring counts. That where there is no vision, people perish. That hope and faith count, and that without charity there can be nothing good. That by daring to live dangerously, we are learning to live generously. And that by believing in the inherent goodness of man, we may   'stride forward into the unknown with growing confidence.”
“Where are You Now? I was there whilst you cried, I was there to comfort you with smile, I was there to give you a hand, when all faith was lost. I was there to open doors of opportunities, I was there to share my passion for life, I was there to feed you, when you were hungry. I was there to listen to your turmoil, I was there to lift your spirit when you were broken. I was there when you were ill and alone. I was there when you were betrayed, lied to and ridiculed. I was there to understand, to care and to share. I was there … to play, to sing, to dance, to write, to love, to create and innovate. I was there … Where are you now? … by Natasha Parker”
“If ever I was running, it was towards you.”
“I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.”
“I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.”
“I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.”
“I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…”
“Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“A poet, you see, is a light thing, and winged and holy, and cannot compose before he gets inspiration and loses control of his senses and his reason has deserted him.”
“Don't ask for directions if you're not going to start the car.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“The ultimate source of comfort and peace is within ourselves.”
“If you like fantasy and you want to be the next Tolkien, don’t read big Tolkienesque fantasies — Tolkien didn’t read big Tolkienesque fantasies, he read books on Finnish philology. Go and read outside of your comfort zone, go and learn stuff.”
“If a picture paints a thousand words, then a let a picture inspire a thousand words.”
“Suffering is the noblest art, the quieter the better.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.”
“One thing I've learned: we don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves.”
“Take the breath of the new dawn and make it part of you. It will give you strength.”
“There is hero in everyone. Never doubt who you are.”
“He talked about the future with such certainty, he might have been talking about the past.”
“Hope gives us a reason to live and to make plans for our future. But common sense gives us knowledge that God has control over our life. Life is a journey. We hope and plan our future as we travel each day.”
“Writers are creatures of habit, as are humans, but writers aren’t necessarily human, are they?”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.”
“Your inspiration taps hidden reserves of promise that sustain people through times that induce despair. You enable people to envision a future that sustains the best from their past while also holding out new possibilities.”
“Anything is Possible!”
“The fact is not kill entire populations is able to infect entire regions of land and control the only cure.”
“If careful attention is paid to the reality, we will see clearly, the real shortage is of the right skills, rather than of jobs. If the right skills are developed, the right start-ups and other enterprises will emerge and provide the jobs needed. It’s always the horse before the cart, not the other way round. At a personal level, it will require the realisation of the need for the acquisition of required skills, the discipline to pursue it and the commitment to push through. These will require a great deal of personal courage and effort. But then, the benefit will be immeasurable.”
“Quitting is not giving up, it's choosing to focus your attention on something more important. Quitting is not losing confidence, it's realizing that there are more valuable ways you can spend your time. Quitting is not making excuses, it's learning to be more productive, efficient and effective instead. Quitting is letting go of things (or people) that are sucking the life out of you so you can do more things that will bring you strength.”
“Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.”
“Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.”
“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”
“Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.”
“God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.”
“Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.”
“Take faith, for example. For many people in our world, the opposite of faith is doubt. The goal, then, within this understanding, is to eliminate doubt. But faith and doubt aren't opposites. Doubt is often a sign that your faith has a pulse, that it's alive and well and exploring and searching. Faith and doubt aren't opposites, they are, it turns out, excellent dance partners.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“The little boy nodded at the peony and the peony seemed to nod back. The little boy was neat, clean and pretty. The peony was unchaste, dishevelled as peonies must be, and at the height of its beauty.( ) Every hour is filled with such moments, big with significance for someone.”
“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
“The challenge is to resist circumstances. Any idiot can be happy in a happy place, but moral courage is required to be happy in a hellhole.”
“It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.”
“He who does not see the light in others does not see the light in himself.”
“Every negative  Has a positive side ”
“Whatever it is you are really desiring, give it away. If it's companionship, give it to someone else, and just listen to them and be there. If it's money, give it to someone who is less fortunate. If it's encouragement, give it to others. If it's friendship, become the best friend you can be to others. If it's time, serve others with your time. You will be amazed to see how much more of everything you have when you are willing to freely give.”
“Trust your inner voice.”
“Believe that life is taking you down a wonderful path!”
“We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.”
“But while the urban tribe helps us survive, it does not help us thrive. The urban tribe may bring us soup when we are sick, but it is the people we hardly know - those who never make it into our tribe - who will swiftly and dramatically change our lives for the better.”
“But if as you read this book you're saying to yourself: "I'd rather be miserably married than be alone." Well young lady, take out your clown shoes and buckle your seat belt - it's going to be a very bumpy one-woman circus.”
“To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down ”
“Every negative  Jas a positive side ”
“Other people are only aspects of our own greater being.”
“Some ghosts or felt presences may simply be the essence of another living person projected outward while sleeping.”
“With a lump forming in his throat, he thought about all the hopes and dreams that he had for his son. More than anything, he prayed his boy would not grow up to be a screw up like his dad when it came to love and marriage.”
“Heads will fly all over the place, others will explode by themselves, everyone will have their chance to betray, and those who don't betray will be betrayed.”
“The higher knowledge, the higher responsibility”
“Još uvijek silno vjerujem u umjetnost kao medikament!”
“Un archeologo è il miglior marito che una donna possa avere: più lei diventa vecchia, più lui s'interessa a lei.”
“I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.”
“This is the new year the new you. You can pass through another year, coasting on cruise control. Or you can step out of your comfort zone, trying things you have never done before, & make 2012 as the year that you elevate from where you are & soar high. Make it happen!”
“How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato) The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?”
“I take thee at thy word: Call me but love, and I'll be new baptized; Henceforth I never will be Romeo.”
“There is a power that can be created out of pent-up indignation, courage, and the inspiration of a common cause, and that if enough people put their minds and bodies into that cause, they can win. It is a phenomenon recorded again and against in the history of popular movements against injustice all over the world.”
“Time was a film run backward. Suns fled and ten million moons fled after them.”
“Someone is always going to try to knock you down and take your place. It is up to you to fight for what you want.”
“Imagination is the true magic carpet.”
“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell ”
“The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.”
“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG”
“Fear is the Fatal killer of Desire.”
“Writing a story, regardless of length, begins always with a single word.”
“Life is a constellation, the individual moments in our lives seem so pointless sometimes; but when you look at the whole picture, you can see that those little moments formed memories.”
“Emotions are like muscles. Most of them go highly unattended, it's usually the weaker, undefined ones that cause injury to the rest, and there is most certainly memory response in play.”
“The difference between vampires and angels? Angels are real.”
“The philosophies of men surround us. The face of sin today often wears the mask of tolerance. Do not be deceived; behind that facade is heartache, unhappiness, and pain. You know what is right and what is wrong, and no disguise, however appealing, can change that. Be the one to make a stand for right, even if you stand alone. Have the moral courage to be a light for others to follow.”
“Each day begins a new journey of life, for if we awake, there is a reason.”
“No one should ever despair because the entrance to his or her chosen career path is clogged. There is an ancient saying: "The persistent drip wears through stone.”
“There will come a time in every girl's life when she realizes that your ex-girlfriend wasn't crazy. Actually, she was right (about you).”
“The heart of a person only beats when it's surrounded by blood, by family.”
“Lately the muse has been treating me like Ike treated Tina.”
“We are spiritual children of God the Father. We preach it. We sing it. But do we really understand it? Sometimes it’s easy to tell others they are loved, but not so easy to believe it of ourselves — not because we don’t think God loves His children, but because we may feel undeserving of His love. The adversary loves to remind us who we are not. Not pretty. Not smart. Not strong. But God would not have sacrificed His Son to save us if we aren’t worth saving.”
“Every human being has divinity encased within its spirit and it is the task of its creator as well as itself to set it free. No human being is an end product, every being still breathing is a creation still under creation.”
“Never let negativity derail your journey as a writer. Use the energy for your own betterment.”
“Do not look down with disdain on what Christ spent so much to achieve for you.”
“Amida's unimpeded light is the sun of wisdom that destroys the mind of darkness. (Preface in Teaching, Practice, Faith, Enlightenment)”
“People say, 'It's hard to forgive et al'. I think it's much harder to live peacefully. So, forgive and focus on living peacefully.”
“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
“Kekaguman lebih baik hanya tetap sebagai kekaguman. Kalau terlalu dekat.. Bisa seperti ikarus yang jatuh ke bumi karena sayapnya terbakar matahari..”
“The effects you will have on your students are infinite and currently unknown; you will possibly shape the way they proceed in their careers, the way they will vote, the way they will behave as partners and spouses, the way they will raise their kids.”
“First of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.”
“Lee’s hand shook as he filled the delicate cups. He drank his down in one gulp. “Don’t you see?” he cried. “The American Standard translation orders men to triumph over sin, and you can call sin ignorance. The King James translation makes a promise in ‘Thou shalt,’ meaning that men will surely triumph over sin. But the Hebrew word, the word timshel—‘Thou mayest’— that gives a choice. It might be the most important word in the world. That says the way is open. That throws it right back on a man. For if ‘Thou mayest’—it is also true that ‘Thou mayest not.’ Don’t you see?”
“Most ideas are born and lost in isolation.”
“On the second floor was the office in which Houston pounded an ancient typewriter with two fingers, always setting an example of unceasing hard work for his admiring students. They had no hint of the fact that their hard-driving dean had contracted tuberculosis while serving as a GI in France in Word War I. Houstan always seemed vibrant and impassioned in the chase for justice as he tried to expose his students to everything relating to the law that might give them an advantage. . . . "I never worked hard until I got to the Howard Law School and met Charlie Houston," Marshal told me. "I saw this man's dedication, his vision, his willingness to sacrifice, and I told myself, 'You either shape up or ship out.' When you are being challenged by a great human being, you know that you can't ship out." So Houston rescued Marshall and launched him into a career as one of the greatest lawyers in American history.”
“It may be escapist, but if I have a choice between watching the news or reading a book which gets me to see the world through different eyes, I will always choose the latter!”
“Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information.”
“The whole concatenation of wild and artificial things, the natural ecosystem as modified by people over the centuries, the build environment layered over layers, the eerie mix of sounds and smells and glimpses neither natural nor crafted- all of it is free for the taking, for the taking in. Take it, take it in, take in more every weekend, every day, and quickly it becomes the theater that intrigues, relaxes, fascinates, seduces, and above all expands any mind focused on it. Outside lies utterly ordinary space open to any casual explorer willing to find the extraordinary. Outside lies unprogrammed awareness that at times becomes directed serendipity. Outside lies magic.”
“To be saved is here, local and mortal”
“-اذا كانت القوه شر .,كما يبدو انها كذلك فلنرفضها من قلوبنا ,ففي هذا الرفض تكمن حريه الانسان الحقيقيه في تصميمه علي عباده الاله الذي خلقه و في ضميره حبه للخير., وفي احترام السماء التي تلهمنا بالبصيره في افضل اوقاتنا. في الفعل وفي الرغبه في اننا لا يجب ان نستسلم دائما لطغيان القوي الخارجيه, ولكن في التفكير وفي الالهامات, نحن احرار من رفاقنا من البشر ,أحرار من الكوكب الصغير الذي تزحف عليه اجسادنا بعجز,أحرار حتي ونحن لا نزال أحياء بعيدا عن قبضه الموت . فلنتعلم اذن أن قوه اليقين هي التي تمكننا من الحياه باستمرار وفق رؤيتنا للخير, ولننزل ففي افعالنا الي عالم الحقيقه بتلك الرؤيه دائمأ نصب اعيينا”
“The problem is not that you have problems; the problem is that you see having problems as a problem.”
“I'm not particularly in favor of doctrine or creed, ordination, the elevation of holy texts, the institution of church, or, for that matter, Christianity. Like most religions, it has irreconcilable shortcomings and an unforgivable history. What I do favor is the attempt to make sense of things by living within a story. The Christian story, for good or ill, is my inheritance.”
“No thought is a stupid thought, those who are thoughtless are thought of as stupid.”
“Whatever harm I would do to another, I shall do first to myself. As I respect and am kind to myself, so shall I respect and be kind to peers, to elders, to kits. I claim for others the freedom to live as they wish, to think and believe as they will. I claim that freedom for myself. I shall make each choice and live each day to my highest sense of right.”
“The Imagination merely enables us to wander into the darkness of the unknown where, by the dim light of the knowledge we carry, we may glimpse something that seems of interest. But when we bring it out and examine it more closely it usually proves to be only trash whose glitter had caught our attention. Imagination is at once the source of all hope and inspiration but also of frustration. To forget this is to court despair.”
“We train the mind so that we can enjoy greater peace, happiness, wisdom & equanimity.”
“The erruption of feelings & emotions that follows a near-death exerience, or any event that causes us to stop & look deeply at the reality of our lives, is ripe with the potential for insight & clarity.”
“When gangs took over the [abandoned public land in Philadelphia] and the neighborhood took a turn for the worse, horses became a way of saving lives. By getting boys interested in raising a horse rather than killing another human being, these cowboys gave the youth something positive: father figures, focus, and the ability to stand tall.”
“The road to wealth is sown with false starts and failures that should in no way discourage the poor who make good or our neighbors with new found riches. We have to give it our all.”
“Inspiration comes unawares, from unaccountable sources that have nothing to do with planning or intelligence. Let it cool ever so slightly, and you are left, pen or brush in hand, with no inspiration at all. Gifted people need not, therefore, make a song and dance about being or supposing themselves superior. They simply happened to be born with that fortunate, subconscious equipment of theirs, and the mystery exists independently of intelligence or ambition.”
“A teacher will be frustrated if she is only motivated to teach what she has learned. Yet, if she is motivated because of the students, then she will learn from them how to teach.”
“Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire; and if in other ways she falls short of our ideal, we must be patient and call to mind those qualities that first induced us to begin our courting.”
“If you’re honest with yourself as a writer, trying to tell the best story you can, your story will be an honest one. And your values will come out, no matter how hard you try to disguise them.”
“May the energy of the day always call for celebration." Barbara Botch”
“His heart was as great as the world, but there was no room in it to hold the memory of a wrong”
“Never let what you cannot do, stop you from doing what you can do!”
“Sometimes a short cut is just a short cut to disaster.”
“Humility is not weakness but a price for greatness. Be humble for CHRIST sake and watch GOD take you to places you never dreamt.”
“Sang waktu tidak akn pernah berbaik hati pada kelalaian”
“It's hard to tell where reality ends and illusions begins. They blend - then they separate”
“Glass half full, or glass half empty, what am I? The answer? I'm not the bloody glass, I'm the fucking tap! Meaning, whatever my glass decides to be on a certain day, empty or full, I control how I feel and the flow of the milkshake inside it”
“At last everything was satisfactorily arranged, and I could not help admiring the setting: these mingled touches betrayed on a small scale the inspiration of a poet, the research of a scientist, the good taste of an artist, the gourmet’s fondness for good food, and the love of flowers, which concealed in their delicate shadows a hint of the love of women”
“I was no longer a child willing to drift with the ride - I would steer against the current if I had to. and if I won, by some miraculous stroke of luck, I would never be helpless again.”
“We as authors sign a pact with our readers; they'll go on reading because they trust us to play fair with them and deliver what we've promised.”
“Palestine is the anvil of our souls.”
“Nothing will unfold for us unless we move toward what looks to us like nothing: faith is a cascade.”
“إن الوحي الإلهي يعني أحياناً وبكل بساطة أن نضبط أذهاننا على نحو يخوّلنا سماع ما تعرفه قلوبنا.”
“Each of us suffers with envy/for the forgiven.”
“About writing:The trick is to make sure you love what you've produced--to Believe..in order to convince.”
“Tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa dikalahkan, sampai dia menyerah--DI DALAM PIKIRANNYA SENDIRI!”
“Wizards are always hungry.”
“If there's a will, there's a way! I feel larger than LIFE--and look up to the stars who shine down on me and have become my own personal cheerleaders .as my fingers tap on my computer late into the night..”
“But Alonso kept smiling that smile and nothing made any sense with that smile looking you in the face. 'Jim, don't tell me that, you know, brother-shit. I have been through it all. Take, you know, advice. There is only one thing and that is the kick, the Now. Nothing else counts. Get yours. Get it because, you know, no one cares and they will always put you down in the end, Jim, and the only word that counts is, you know, Now. Not that foolish brother and bopping jazz, Jim. Now. Because if it all don't go up in any, you know, twenty minutes; up, all gone; then they are going to put you down and keep you down. Now.”
“Someone once asked Somerset Maugham if he wrote on a schedule or only when struck by inspiration. “I write only when inspiration strikes,” he replied. “Fortunately it strikes every morning at nine o’clock sharp." That's a pro.”
“Death is the ultimate vacation: you’re with the stars, you don’t have to pay rent, everyone loves you, and nothing hurts. So, it’s very important you save death for later.”
“Everyone knows that wizards are pigheaded and come to bad ends.”
“You are not here merely to making a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement.”
“Don't die before you're dead.”
“I'm a Midwesterner, and everyone in Ohio is excited. I'm also a New Yorker, and a New Jerseyan, and an American, plus I'm an African-American, and a woman. I know it seems like I'm spreading like algae when I put it this way, but I'd like to think of the prize being distributed to these regions and nations and races.”
“Each store will fulfil some of your needs, but no individual store can meet all of your needs. Learning how to set realistic expectations now and in future relationships requires you to examine each of the existing stores to see what they can offer.”
“The mist just keeps on lifting and soon I'll be able to see all the way, as far as the earth's curvature allows. It's a blessing, that curvature, that hidden hemisphere-if we could take it all in at one, why move?”
“Makin banyak "kebetulan/kemiripan" ditemui, makin besar kemungkinan adanya hubungan-sebab-akibat. Dan, ketika kemiripan-kemiripan ini makin bertumpuk, maka penyelidik yang cerdas dituntut untuk berhenti (lalu merenung) dan mulai memeriksa hubungan di antara mereka.”
“Art creates the Eden where Adam and Eve eat the serpent.”
“Do not lie to yourself about the fact of death, choosing instead to become consumed by the psychological reaction to it—what we call grief.”
“A changed soul, a forgiven heart, a journey of transformation.”
“A positive man makes an airplane, while a negative man makes a parachute.”
“Sensuality is not about perfection, it’s about inspiration and expression.”
“Healing is comparable to a garden. It needs tended to on a consistent basis. For weeds to be pulled out. The garden needs water and sunshine in effort to grow. Like a lotus flower, you will sprout through the soil, reaching up through the dark water towards the sunlight, stretching to the surface where you will beautifully bloom.”
“It ends when you're ready for a new beginning.”
“Do what you love and you'll love what you do.”
“When a Wanderess has been caged, or perched with her wings clipped, She lives like a Stoic, She lives most heroic, smiling with ruby, moistened lips once her cup of Death is welcome sipped.”
“Don't believe in everything that is written. Not everything that is written is true”
“In my experience, it is always worth it to find the love that lives inside you. No matter how deep you have to dig sometimes.”
“I am listening to the wind, to the voice in the wind telling me to write it all down. So I do.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“A revelation leaps over the borders of the everyday. A life without revelation is no life at all. What you need to do is move from reason that ‘observes’ to reason that ‘acts’. That’s what critical.”
“Your time is the most precious thing in this world.”
“Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.”
“Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“Do what you can while you can.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“Your greatness is measured by your horizons.”
“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
“Do What You Want; these are the 4 most frightening words brought to us by the Connection Revolution. If you want to sing, sing. If you want to lead, lead. If you want touch, connect, describe, disrupt, give, support, build, question—Do It. You will not be picked. But, if you want to pick yourself—go for it. The cost is that you own the results.”
“If you read proverbs, you will find answers to every puzzle.”
“I believe that this is the time to become warriors for peace and dialogue, not warmongers or mere worriers.”
“He felt like sin but tasted like love so, what’s a clumsy girl to do but stumble in delicious rapturous love.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“Nearly all human cultures plant gardens, and the garden itself has ancient religious connections. For a long time, I've been interested in pre-Christian European beliefs, and the pagan devotions to sacred groves of trees and sacred springs. My German translator gave me a fascinating book on the archaeology of Old Europe, and in it I discovered ancient artifacts that showed that the Old European cultures once revered snakes, just as we Pueblo Indian people still do. So I decided to take all these elements - orchids, gladiolus, ancient gardens, Victorian gardens, Native American gardens, Old European figures of Snake-bird Goddesses - and write a novel about two young sisters at the turn of the century.”
“Our objective as a realist is to maximize our worth, and our objective as a romanticist is to be foolishly youthful.”
“You can’t inspire and lead people without earning their attention. You achieve that in a counter-intuitive way – by paying close attention to what interests them.”
“Having what you want may give you Achievement. But wanting what you have will give you Fulfillment.”
“Popularity does not happen overnight with a blink of an eye. It takes time, effort and creative knowledge to reach that particular goal in life.”
“She appears quiet and subdued. The paradox: Raging storms twirl inside her.”
“I am the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in life’s chasms. I am also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart, instead of sage advice thrown my way.”
“You are thunder and lightning Love and rage Intensity and sensitivity Made of mountains, oceans Fire and fierce things Dreams and curiosity You are paradoxes and contradictions Some days soft, some days Strong as fuck Always beautiful.”
“I have been driven to desperation more times than I can count. But it is here that I have been driven to the greatest inspiration that I can contain.”
“The seeds you planted last year will grow in this year. Think hard on that when you plant again.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“She's Devine. She's Magic. And she didn't have to wait for anyone to tell her in order for her to believe that about herself. And that's what made her so magically beautiful.”
“If you stand right at the edge of the night sky, some place where one o’clock leaves to meet two, the breeze will carry your words up to the stars. And they’ll swallow your secrets until its time to hand them over to the truths in the sky- the ones that draw maps in the black. They carve their answers into the backs of my hands, the grooves of the words running deep in my palms.”
“And me, standing under the splintered night, catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black, hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night. Its voice cracks, on your name. My eyes close, on your name.”
“Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.”
“The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.”
“Many writers write because they’ve been there, seen that, did it and burnt their fingers”
“Pain is such a useful thing. It corrects us when we're wrong. It shapes our character. It teaches us that we're alive.”
“Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Being in a relationship with some people is like pushing a boat through sand. I used to have the time and energy for that kind of nonsense, but not anymore. Relationships should be a wonderful journey of exploration and love; not grinding resistance.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Be thankful for the efforts of people who worked hard to get you where you are; you should not take it for granted and treat them with indifference.”
“You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation. Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams. Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait. The in-betweens have always been my favorite.”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“A writer reports on the universe. When he presents his credentials, the gates of heaven and hell are equally opened to him. He can hear the devil’s defense and god’s accusations. The guards at the king’s heart let him in. The writer can be anything and any one he wants. When he writes he is a god, he creates.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“One author said "I write because I want to live a footprint in the sands of history.” It's hard to live a footprint in the sands of history when giants are passing through the same sands unless you are one of the giants”
“If I can write, who possibly can’t. Even drawing a line in the sand is writing”
“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
“Keep exploring, you will discover new path.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“Living a daring life is zealous pursuit.”
“I’ve got some questions, Are you sick of feelin’ sorry? And people sayin’ not to worry? Sick of hearing this hakuna matata motto, From people who won the lotto, We’re not that lucky. Have you noticed that you’re breathing? Look around and count your blessings, So when you’re sick of all this stressin’ and guessin’ I’m suggestin’ you turn this up and let them hear you sing it”
“We must work together on a common vision and a common goal.”
“Do all the work while you still have strength.”
“To be vulnerable, to be raw, to virtually expose your guts, I like doing that.”
“Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM”
“she slammed the door and was gone. I looked at the closed door and at the doorknob and strangely I didn't feel alone.”
“You have to appreciate where you have come from to know who you are in the present and whom you would like to be in the future.”
“I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.”
“Your personal truth is your gift to the world.”
“Individually, every grain of sand brushing against my hands represents a story, an experience, and a block for me to build upon for the next generation.”
“I understood the life around me better, not from love, which everybody acknowledges to be a great teacher, but from estrangement, to which nobody has attributed the power of reinforcing insight”
“Let your story grow. Let it surprise you, and it will certainly surprise your readers.”
“Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
“War crimes, you say? No matter how many policies you put on paper, in reality, there are no rights and wrongs in war. War itself is a crime. War cannot be justified. I believe, the only people, in this world, whose opinions matter, are the ones who go the extra mile to help other people expecting nothing in return. Soldiers who fight fiercely for their country, the doctors in Sri Lanka's public hospitals attending to hundreds of patients at a time for no extra pay , the nuns who voluntarily teach English and math to children of refugee camps in the north, the monks who collect food to feed entire villages during crises, they are the people worth listening to, their opinion matters. So find me one of them who will say: they wish the war didn't end in 2009, that they wish Sri Lanka was divided into two parts. Find me one of them who agrees with the international war crime allegations against Sri Lanka, and I will listen. But I will not listen to the opinions of those who are paid to find faults in a war they were never a part of, a war they never experienced themselves. I will not listen to the opinions of those who watched the war on tv or read about it on the internet or were moved by a documentary on Al Jazeera. The war is over. The damage is done. Let Sri Lanka move on. So our children will never have to see what we've seen.”
“We sometimes have a flash of understanding that amounts to the insight of genius, and yet it slowly withers, even in our hands - like a flower. The form remains, but the colours and the fragrance are gone.”
“People who believe they have bad luck create bad luck. Those who believe they are very fortunate, that the world is a generous place filled with trustworthy people, live in exactly that kind of world.”
“In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.”
“If you can change the way you think in time you will notice a change in your heart and also a change in your life and the way you see things.”
“Love is my drug of choice, even if it comes laced with pain and disaster.”
“If you can't focus then how do you expect to make your dreams come true?”
“Speed is not always a constituent to great work, the process of creation should be given time and thought.”
“Grub Street turns out good things almost as often as Parnassus. For if a writer is hard up enough, if he’s far down enough (down where I have been and am rising from, I am really saying), he can’t afford self-doubt and he can’t let other people’s opinions, even a father’s, keep him from writing.”
“Prayer is an insurance policy that you can never lapse on.”
“As your heart goes, so goes your family! If your heart isn't right, no child raising system, rules, or gimmicks will ever work. As your heart goes, so goes your parenting!”
“Even a single lamp dispels the deepest darkness.”
“When your sense of self and happiness comes from within and isn't a roller coaster ride dependent on others or circumstances, you approach life differently. You make better choices. You draw to you the people and situations that matter. The others, they fall away.”
“Despite what you think you know, sometimes your plans may be interrupted. Because you were designed for a purpose. You are on a mission to achieve greatness. No matter what obstacles lie in your path, you will reach your destination. Remember God's grace is sufficient.”
“If Aphrodite chills at home in Cyprus for most of the year, then Fez must be the goddess’s playground.”
“Dont eat to be fool,eat to be strong .”
“La luz del pasillo iluminaba débilmente mi rostro que se reflejaba de modo fantasmal en el cristal de la ventanilla y me hacía recordar el que tuve en la infancia, el que naufragó para siempre en la despedida, como si aquel niño se hallara agazapado en algún lugar de mi interior esperando un descuido mío para emerger de nuevo en las aguas fangosas del pasado con su sonrisa feliz y sus ojos brillantes.”
“There's a difference between being alive and living.”
“Seize the day by the throat!”
“Goutam Buddha”
“Beauty is a sacrifice. -Me Baby, I INVENTED scrawny! -Leo Valdez I will NEVER leave you or forsake you. -God No one can make you feel inferior, unless you consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt Be careful, Seaweed Brain. -Annabeth Chase”
“Sesuatu yang tidak pernah dilihat bukan berrati tidak ada dan tidak nyata”
“Losing a belief in free will has not made me fatalistic—in fact, it has increased my feelings of freedom. My hopes, fears, and neuroses seem less personal and indelible. There is no telling how much I might change in the future. Just as one wouldn’t draw a lasting conclusion about oneself on the basis of a brief experience of indigestion, one needn’t do so on the basis of how one has thought or behaved for vast stretches of time in the past. A creative change of inputs to the system—learning new skills, forming new relationships, adopting new habits of attention—may radically transform one’s life.”
“It is better to have God over your shoulder, than carry the world alone on your back.”
“She preferred the quiet solitary atmosphere, to create in her own world of paint and colour, the thrill of anticipating how her works would turn out as she eyed the blank sheets of paper or canvas before starting her next masterpiece. How satisfying it was to mess around in paint gear, without having to worry about spills, starch or frills, that was the life!”
“Sometimes everything breaks up so something new can break through.”
“It isn't the subjects we write about but the seriousness and subtlety of our expression that determines the worth of or effort.”
“Art builds upon art, builds upon art nothing is purely original. We're all inspired by something or someone. It's a never-ending chain of ideas and it's magical.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience, Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“The more you become aware of and respond to the needs of others, the richer your own life becomes.”
“Learn to trust yourself and you will create a meaningful life.”
“Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!”
“Coincidences link us to the unknown and weave us into it.”
“What would you say to yourself if you could actually meet a younger you?”
“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action  While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words ”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.”
“Life Is ‘Simple’ By Nature  The deeper you try to study, the more you complicate it. Just believe in it’s simplicity & it shall show you it is far too Simple actually!”
“Follow Your Heart & The world Shall Follow YOU! Reject it and It stops beating!”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“Love begets glory,Work begets story.LOVED WORK Begets A Story of Glory!”
“Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with ”
“You deserve to have a prosperous and abundant life!”
“Que les poètes morts laissent la place aux autres. Et nous pourrions tout de même voir que c'est notre vénération devant ce qui a été déjà fait, si beau et si valable que ce soit, qui nous pétrifie, qui nous stabilise et nous empêche de prendre contact avec la force qui est dessous, que l'on appelle l'énergie pensante, la force vitale, le déterminisme des échanges, les menstrues de la lune ou tout ce qu'on voudra.”
“The physical world we live in is just the beginning.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood ”
“When you are stressed on mind to pour it out, is the behaviour, most kind!”
“Never outgrow your imagination.”
“For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. ”
“You have abundance all around you.”
“Till tomorrow good sir one must but gaze at stars”
“Just about a month from now I'm set adrift, with a diploma for a sail and lots of nerve for oars.”
“Don't call yourself discouraged anymore;it's no longer your name.”
“There is no such thing as a perfect person in this world. We all must become the main characters or the stars of our lives. We are all different and start differently. But from whatever is our circumstances, it is very important that we find the opportunities to try out what we want to do.”
“Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.”
“Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.”
“Dominate in your domain; You can do it.”
“Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.”
“You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.”
“In the past, I used to think that it is fundamental and natural to have everything. But I realized that is not true. Instead I realized that those are things to be grateful for. After that realization, I became comfortable. Even if I don’t have it I am grateful. Such a realization also made me understand that is a way to love myself.”
“You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.”
“Each life experience poses this question: how do you want to be changed because of me?”
“God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.”
“Your mouth is not given to you for feeding alone; it is given to you to programme events and circumstance around you.”
“Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!”
“The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.”
“Worship is the marriage of two Spirits - the Spirit of God and the Spirit of man.”
“Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!”
“Your status has changed. Your Name is changed! You are a new creation.”
“Man is like a bride unto God. God is jealous when man veers away from Him.”
“Another way of remaining in intimacy with God is by remaining in His presence.”
“The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His presence.”
“You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.”
“God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.”
“Metaforen är ett av tankens väsentligaste verktyg. Den belyser vad som annars skulle ligga helt i mörker. Men denna belysning blir ibland så klar att den bländar istället för avslöjar.”
“The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!”
“Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.”
“I rather now strive to reach rather than wait to receive!”
“God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!”
“God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.”
“Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.”
“What is it you do, then? I'll tell you: You leave out whatever doesn't suit you. As the author himself has done before you. Just as you leave things out of your dreams and fantasies. By leaving things out, we bring beauty and excitement into the world. We evidently handle our reality by effecting some sort of compromise with it, an in-between state where the emotions prevent each other from reaching their fullest intensity, graying the colors somewhat. Children who haven't yet reached that point of control are both happier and unhappier than adults who have. And yes, stupid people also leave things out, which is why ignorance is bliss. So I propose, to begin with, that we try to love each other as if we were characters in a novel who have met in the pages of a book. Let's in any case leave off all the fatty tissue that plumps up reality.”
“Cease trying to work everything out with your mind. It will get you nowhere. Live by intuition and inspiration and let your whole life be a Revelation.”
“When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.”
“وَالدّهْر يَوْم لَك وَيوْم عَليك فإذا كان لَك فَلا تَبطر وَإذا كان عَليك فاصْبر فَبِكليهما تمْتَحَن.”
“You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear; you will reach your destination.”
“I think about the Old Ones, that they have a past but no history. I think about the inevitability of death, and whether it’s not that very inevitability that inspires us to take photographs and make scrapbooks and tell stories. That that’s how we humans find our way to immortality. This is not a new thought; I’ve had such thoughts before. But I have a new thought now. That that’s how we find our way toward meaning. Meaning. If you’re going to die, you want to find meaning in life. You want to connect the dots.”
“You are to make your own way prosperous Even God cannot do it for you; you will have to do it yourself by doing the right things; taking right decisions, talking right, thinking right, being at the right place with the right-kind of people and by reading the right materials.”
“If a man tells you that he is fond of the Imitation , view him with sudden suspicion; he is either a dabbler or a Saint.”
“Take your time. Stay away from the easy going. Never take the same way twice. Gunny Arndt's rules for successful reconnaissance; Guadalcanal 1942”
“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours ”
“So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.”
“It is never late, you can start the movement now, the provisions have been made, the price has been paid and the gifts have been packaged. Are you willing to change?”
“He is the only option for better living.”
“اسكبيني قطرة عطر في رسغك وتنشقيني..أسافر فيك وأحتل كل الشرايين”
“Your behavior is the sum total of your action and reaction to issues and people around you.”
“I am unique I play by a different set of rules; I am not intimidated by anything.”
“When you begin to reason with the Lord, your attitude to the issues of life will change.”
“You are addressed by the way you dress. Your attire reflects your sense of value or taste and of course, your speech either makes or mars you.”
“We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.”
“Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.”
“and what happens around us ,simply happens because we haven't learned to love . Till this moment ,people would have to go through the same paths ,experience similar events ,blinded ,full of wrath,imprisoned and bounded by themselves. They will star at their fellows seeing what they are unable to see on themselves .Themselves!”
“Do you want to make a change? Do you want this change? Then let's move at God`s pace.”
“Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.”
“The horizon was indistinguishable from the inky black, which fell upon the desert like a sorcerer’s mantle shot through with diamonds. The stars were so tiny, so far away, and yet, at the moment, with her fingers curled around his, he almost felt as though he could reach up and snag one by the tail.”
“Our father came to sleep in our house that night. He carried a small suitcase with a black mourning suit and a pair of polished shoes. Corrigan stopped him as he made his way up the stairs. 'Where d'you think you're going?'Our father gripped the bannister. His hands were liverspotted and I could see him trembling in his pause. 'That's not your room,' sad Corrigan. Our father tottered on the stairs. He took another step up. 'Don't,' said my brother. His voice was clear, full, confidant. Our father stood stunned. He climbed one more step and then turned, descended, looked around, lost. 'My own sons,' he said. We made a bed for him on a sofa in the living room, but even then Corrigan refused to stay under the same roof; he went walking in the direction of the city center and I wondered what alley he might be found in later that night, what fist he might walk into, whose bottle he might climb down inside.”
“Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.”
“Creative thinking encompassed by the Word of God infuses into you the divine ability to turn the seemingly ugly situation around.”
“The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.”
“You don't need to go running from pillar to post looking for what God looks like.”
“In the human society, it is difficult to find all angels flapping there wings and all saints singing halleluya.”
“One might almost say that an apparition is human vision corrected by divine love. I do not see you as you really are, Joseph; I see you through my affection for you. The Miracles of the Church seem to me not to rest so much upon faces or voices or healing power coming suddenly near to us from afar off, but upon our perceptions being made finer, so that for a moment our eyes can see and our ears can hear what is there about us always.”
“If we can write or sing or create in some way, even when we are dealing with difficulties or pain, then it becomes something bigger than ourselves — and often beautiful.”
“what is the use of a book,' thought Alice, 'without pictures or conversations?”
“We are not strangers in this journey of life…We are connected to each other through this mysterious field of love.”
“The movie Koyaanisqatsi shows non-commented time-lapse footage and focuses our attention on the very rhythm of our civilized modern life and nature. A marijuana high can do something for a user similar to what this time-lapse footage does. The enhancement of episodic memory and the acceleration of associative streams of memories can alter and enhance our recognition of patterns in our lives in various ways. If we are presented with quick associative chains of past experiences, we can see a pattern in a body of information that is usually not at once presented to our “inner eye” as such.”
“It has been my personal experience that as I allow the painting to speak I become lost, it is delicious and at the same time frightening. The best ones, to me, have a life of their own.”
“You honor yourself by acting with dignity and composure.”
“We dropped our troubles into the lap of the storyteller, and they turned into someone else's.”
“Please don't entertain for a moment the utterly mistaken idea that there is no drudgery in writing. There is a great deal of drudgery in even the most inspired, the most noble, the most distinguished writing. Read what the great ones have said about their jobs; how they never sit down to their work without a sigh of distress and never get up from it witout a sigh of relief. Do you imagine that your Muse is forever flamelike -- breathing the inspired word, the wonderful situation, the superb solution into your attentive ear?   Believe me, my poor boy, if you wait for inspiration in our set-up, you'll wait for ever.”
“Real love is a humble receptivity of a silent heart that is prepared to melt and merge…”
“He had been dazzled. Because of the dazzling brightness, he had had to kill [Seigen]. All who had encountered Seigen had had their hearts stolen by that brightness. That envy had turned to malice.”
“I didn't learn anything while I was talking.”
“He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“Creation is bringing potential into being, bringing inspiration into action. Inspiration and action are nothing when they are apart. Inspiration feels like a great a wondrous thing, but if it is not manifested, it is as if it never existed. Likewise, action without inspiration has no purpose. It is only when they are together as one that they are truly something.”
“Intuition represents a concept which is made up from lots of ideas and assumptions, not all of which will be common to everyone.”
“Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count”
“God is as real as a station wagon.”
“Everyone who dies out there dies of confusion.”
“The tears are falling freely now, and I don't care if he sees them. They're tears of relief for my nephew, worry for my grandfather and my brother, and shame for my mistake. I figure I earned them.”
“God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.”
“Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.”
“selalu ada titik dua tutup kurung setelah titik dua buka kurung :)”
“Our tragedy is their beauty. Our pain is their art. The beatific bereavement that is our life captured on a canvas for all the world to see.”
“Но Остап приходил каждый вечер, хотя радостных вестей не приносил. Энергия и веселость его были неисчерпаемы. Надежда ни на одну минуту не покидала его.”
“The sky is blue everywhere.”
“I see no priestly garments on you. There is no ephod on your belt. You presume to speak for Yahweh? You speak his name aloud so lightly?”
“Berikan kepadaku mereka yang lelah dan papa Yang terbelenggu dan mendambakan kebebasan Yang terbanting ke pantaimu, berimpitan lemas Beri aku para gelandangan, dan yang terhempas Akan kunyalakan pelitaku di sisi gerbang emas”
“Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.”
“When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.”
“Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.”
“We all have 10,000 bad drawings in us. The sooner we get them out the better.”
“A poet is a verb that blossoms light in gardens of dawn, or sometimes midnight.”
“It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale. So many things have been shown so to me on these banks, so much light has illumined me by reflection here where the water comes down, that I can hardly believe that this grace never flags, that the pouring from ever-renewable sources is endless, impartial, and free.”
“What will you do now with the gift of your left life?”
“Write from the soul, not from some notion about what you think the marketplace wants.The market is fickle; the soul is eternal'.”
“Imagine that you are dying. If you had a terminal disease would you ­finish this book? Why not? The thing that annoys this 10-weeks-to-live self is the thing that is wrong with the book. So change it. Stop arguing with yourself. Change it. See? Easy. And no one had to die.”
“What Waringa tried hard to avoid was looking at the pictures of the walls and windows of the church. Many of the pictures showed Jesus in the arms of the virgin Mary or on the cross. But others depicted the devil, with two cow-like horns and a tail like a monkey's, raising one leg in a dance of evil, while his angels, armed with burning pitchforks, turned over human beings on a bonfire. The Virgin Mary, Jesus and God's angels were white, like European, but the devil and his angels were black.”
“There are reasons we congregate in these hot spots- to worship beauty and to feel its effects light up the electrolytes in the bloodstream.”
“Sex is the most important sort of adult play. If you can't relax here you never will”
“Writing is like sculpturing words out of a block of imagination. Sentences chisel the story, then characters make it their own.”
“The testimony of the greatest humans who have ever lived is that the way to make the most of ourselves is by transcending ourselves. We must learn to move beyond self-centeredness to make room within ourselves for others. When you transcend yourself, the fact will be confirmed by the quality of your life. We will attain – even if only momentarily – a transparency and a radiance of being which results from living both within and beyond yourself. This is the promise and the excitement of self-understanding.”
“As she stared at them, Waringa noted that their skins were indeed red, like that of pigs or like the skin of a black person who has been scalded with boiling water or who has burned himself with acid creams. Even the hair in their arms and necks stood out stiff and straight like the bristle of an aging hog.”
“In the same way there is much, much in all of us, but we do not know it. No one ever calls it out in us, unless we are lucky enough to know intelligent, imaginative, sympathetic people who love us and have the magnanimity to encourage us, to believe in us, by listening, by praise, by appreciation, by laughing. If you are going to write, you must become aware of this richness in you and come to believe in it and know it is there so that you can write opulently with with self-trust. Once you become aware of it, have faith in it, you will be all right. But it is like this: if you have a million dollars in the bank and don't know, it doesn't so you any good.”
“Novelty and Security: the security of novelty, the novelty of security. Always the full thing, the whole subject, the true subject, stood just behind the one you found yourself contemplating. The trick, but it wasn't a trick, was to take up at once the thing you saw and the reason you saw it as well; to always bite off more than you could chew, and then chew it. If it were self-indulgence for him to cut and polish his semiprecious memories, and yet seem like danger, like a struggle he was unfit for, then self-indulgence was a potent force, he must examine it, he must reckon with it.”
“If abandoned rage asks, Who should answer for this? / Say, the very blood of our lives eats composure up.”
“Tomorrow is another opportunity to improve yourself”
“Children are our future. We teach them today; what will they do tomorrow?”
“Senor Sempere believed that God lives, to a smaller or greater extent, in books, and that is why he devoted his life to sharing them, to protecting them, and to making sure their pages, like our memories and our desires, are never lost.”
“Religions are metaphorical systems that give us bigger containers in which to hold our lives. A spiritual life allows us to move beyond the ego into something more universal. Religious experience carries us outside of clock time into eternal time. We open ourselves into something more complete and beautiful. This bigger vista is perhaps the most magnificent aspect of a religious experience. There is a sense in which Karl Marx was correct when he said that religion is the opiate of the people. However, he was wrong to scoff at this. Religion can give us skills for climbing up on onto a ledge above our suffering and looking down at it with a kind and open mind. This helps us calm down and connect to all of the world's sufferers. Since the beginning of human time, we have yearned for peace in the face of death, loss, anger and fear. In fact, it is often trauma that turns us toward the sacred, and it is the sacred that saves us.”
“When he was in college, a famous poet made a useful distinction for him. He had drunk enough in the poet's company to be compelled to describe to him a poem he was thinking of. It would be a monologue of sorts, the self-contemplation of a student on a summer afternoon who is reading Euphues. The poem itself would be a subtle series of euphuisms, translating the heat, the day, the student's concerns, into symmetrical posies; translating even his contempt and boredom with that famously foolish book into a euphuism. The poet nodded his big head in a sympathetic, rhythmic way as this was explained to him, then told him that there are two kinds of poems. There is the kind you write; there is the kind you talk about in bars. Both kinds have value and both are poems; but it's fatal to confuse them. In the Seventh Saint, many years later, it had struck him that the difference between himself and Shakespeare wasn't talent - not especially - but nerve. The capacity not to be frightened by his largest and most potent conceptions, to simply (simply!) sit down and execute them. The dreadful lassitude he felt when something really large and multifarious came suddenly clear to him, something Lear-sized yet sonnet-precise. If only they didn't rush on him whole, all at once, massive and perfect, leaving him frightened and nerveless at the prospect of articulating them word by scene by page. He would try to believe they were of the kind told in bars, not the kind to be written, though there was no way to be sure of this except to attempt the writing; he would raise a finger (the novelist in the bar mirror raising the obverse finger) and push forward his change. Wailing like a neglected ghost, the vast notion would beat its wings into the void. Sometimes it would pursue him for days and years as he fled desperately. Sometimes he would turn to face it, and do battle. Once, twice, he had been victorious, objectively at least. Out of an immense concatenation of feeling, thought, word, transcendent meaning had come his first novel, a slim, pageant of a book, tombstone for his slain conception. A publisher had taken it, gingerly; had slipped it quietly into the deep pool of spring releases, where it sank without a ripple, and where he supposes it lies still, its calm Bodoni gone long since green. A second, just as slim but more lurid, nightmarish even, about imaginary murders in an imaginary exotic locale, had been sold for a movie, though the movie had never been made. He felt guilt for the producer's failure (which perhaps the producer didn't feel), having known the book could not be filmed; he had made a large sum, enough to finance years of this kind of thing, on a book whose first printing was largely returned.”
“Into adulthood through which everyone is always in a different way. Do not feel left out because of it. So, do not worry about it. Since everyone has experienced the same thing.”
“I feel like a millionaire on the back of an armored jet-ski my samurai girlfriend who loves me is charging at a cartel speedboat to win a game of chicken. Isn’t this the day’s best part? You don’t even have to remember to enjoy it. It enjoys you into itself.”
“The words of his various writing instructors and professional mentors over the years came back to him at times like these, and he found a new understanding in their advice: Writing is rewriting. The rough draft is just that. You can’t polish what you haven’t written. Things that made for a normal life—like a daily routine that followed the sun—took a back seat to times like these, and he exulted in that change because it served as proof that his writing was indeed the most important thing in his life. It wasn’t a conscious choice on his part, like deciding to repaint the bathroom or go buy the groceries, but an overarching reallocation of his existence that was as undeniable as breathing. Day turned into night, breakfast turned into dinner, and the laptop or the writing tablet beckoned even when he was asleep. He would often awake with a new idea—as if he’d merely been on a break and not unconscious—and he would see the empty seat before the desk not as his station in some pointless assembly line, but as the pilot’s seat in a ship that could go anywhere.”
“Mon Dieu donne-moi la sérénité d’accepter toutes les choses que je ne peux changer. Donne-moi le courage de changer les choses que je peux changer et la sagesse d’en connaître la différence.”
“Novelty. Security. Novelty wouldn't be a bad title. It had the grandness of abstraction, alerting the reader that large and thoughtful things were to be bodied forth. As yet he had no inkling of any incidents or characters that might occupy his theme; perhaps he never would. He could see though the book itself, he could feel its closed heft and see it opened, white pages comfortably large and shadowed gray by print; dense, numbered, full of meat. He sensed a narrative voice, speaking calmly and precisely, with immense assurance building, building; a voice too far off for him to hear, but speaking. ("Novelty")”
“High Pasture Come up--come up: in the dim vale below The autumn mist muffles the fading trees, But on this keen hill-pasture, though the breeze Has stretched the thwart boughs bare to meet the snow, Night is not, autumn is not--but the flow Of vast, ethereal and irradiate seas, Poured from the far world's flaming boundaries In waxing tides of unimagined glow. And to that height illumined of the mind he calls us still by the familiar way, Leaving the sodden tracks of life behind, Befogged in failure, chilled with love's decay-- Showing us, as the night-mists upward wind, How on the heights is day and still more day.”
“An educator will teach the students. An Educarer will reach the students.”
“No wonder I want to be Robert Mitchum: big, strong, super-cool, with those Freon eyes of his. That's who I was pretending to be a minute ago - Robert Mitchum in Out of the Past. - Ben”
“Shino looked at me straight in the eye and smiled, her face brimming with a kind of inner strength. That strength seemed to gather the beads of perspiration that glistened on her brow, then sprang from her face and leapt across to my heart with a rhythm like ripples on water.”
“There are things you can change, the ones you can accomodate the ones you must avoid and the ones you definitely cannot do anything about. If you surrender all of them to JESUS the LORD, HE would give you Peace and Love in return.”
“Hazel always used to say There's not enough darkness in the entire universe to snuff out the light of just one little candle.”
“We all are rich and ignore the buried fact of accumulated wisdom.”
“Devereaux is going with our pitch.” “Hey, that’s just great,” I said superperkily. “Wendell’s or mine?” “Yours.” “But you want to fire me. So fire me.” “We can’t fire you. They loved you. The head guy, Leonard Daly, thought you were, I quote, ‘a great kid, very courageous’ and a natural to do a whispering campaign. He said you had believability.” “That’s too bad.” “Why? You’re not quitting!” I thought about it. “Not if you don’t want me to. Do you?” Go on, say it. 298 ♥elavanilla♥ “No.” “No what?” “No, we don’t want you to quit.” “Ten grand more, two assistants, and charcoal suits. Take it or leave it.” Ariella swallowed. “Okay to the money, okay to the assistants, but I can’t green-light charcoal suits. Formula Twelve is Brazilian, we need carnival colors.” “Charcoal suits or I’m gone.” “Orange.” “Charcoal.” “Orange.” “Charcoal.” “Okay, charcoal.” It was an interesting lesson in power. The only time you truly have it is when you genuinely don’t care whether you have it or not. “Right,” I said. “I’m giving myself the rest of the day off.”
“Without devotion any life becomes a stranger's story told for the body to forget what it once loved.”
“When the horror recedes and the world resumes its normal shape, you cannot forget it. You have seen what is "really" there, the empty horror that exists when the consoling illusion of our mundane experience is stripped away, so you can never respond to the world in quite the same way again." from Coleridge: Like one, that on a lonesome road Doth walk in fear and dread, And having once turned round walks on, And turns no more his head; Because he knows, a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread”
“For this will cure him that is sick, and rouse him that is in dumps; one that has loved, it will remember of it; one that has not, it will instruct. For there was never any yet that wholly could escape love, and never shall there be any, never so long as beauty shall be, never so long as eyes can see. But help me that God to write the passions of others; and while I write, keep me in my own right wits.”
“No wizard has ever made himself useful by magic, or, if they've tried, they've only made matters worse. No wizard ever stopped a war or mended a fence. It's better that they stay in their marshes, out of the way of worldly folk like farmers and soldiers and merchants and kings.”
“Only work which is the product of inner compulsion can have spiritual meaning.”
“Data that comes subliminally and is acted upon will look like luck or inspiration.”
“As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers, so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.”
“The Legend of the Firefish,first in the Trophy Chase Trilogy by George Bryan Polivka, is a winner .filled with action,adventure, danger, intrigue,surprise,suspense .The characters Polivka created are fresh and interesting .A must read for fantasy lovers, and a highly recommended drating for others who want a good story. Rebecca LuElla Miller A Christian Worldview of Fiction Website”
“The Nobel Prize is the best thing that can happen to a writer in terms of how it affects your contracts, the publishers, and the seriousness with which your work is taken. On the other hand, it does interfere with your private life, or it can if you let it, and it has zero effect on the writing.It doesn't help you write better and if you let it, it will intimidate you about future projects.”
“Tonight I saw Jesus with the eyes on my face. He looks half lion and half man. But not more like a lion and not more like a man, rather the same, I have never seen anything like the face of Jesus before, %100 one thing but %100 another thing: a lion man!” “Where did you see Him at?” “On the surface of my blanket as I lay in bed. He was suddenly drawn onto it, like a sketch, and that same moment I knew He was showing His face to me, finally.” “Why do you think He did that?” “I think He thought it was about time.”
“To be communal is to be something fallacious. It is to be something more or less than being, a subjugation or propagation of the self to exist within the external condition.”
“Scripture breathes wisdom like we breathe oxygen. It can't not. Through Scripture, God reveals himself. This wisdom cannot be captured, let alone contained, on a neon bumper sticker or rubber bracelet. Wisdom itself invites us to go deeper- right into a relationship with God himself. Through wisdom, we learn to love God and love what he loves. We find rich counsel on the life we were meant for- in our families, communities, and world. We discover our personal responsibilities to others. And we unearth how to put love into action." -Organic God”
“If people are troubled by their view, they ought to offer these New Orleanians, and black and poor people in the places like the Lower Ninth Ward around the country, a reason to believe otherwise.”
“If your creation is taking 99% perspiration, it stinks and you need more inspiration.”
“His (Samuel Coleridge) dark senses were constantly in play, the frustration of them bringing illness. Weather and organic nature combined in a synaesthetic multi-media event, and this was the ground of all perception before it was divded up in daily living: the Primary Imagination giving way to the Secondary. Poetry was forever seeking a conscious return to this state, which existed all the time, whether he knew it or not.”
“For, what is order without common sense, but Bedlam’s front parlor? What is imagination without common sense, but the aspiration to out-dandy Beau Brummell with nothing but a bit of faded muslin and a limp cravat? What is Creation without common sense, but a scandalous thing without form or function, like a matron with half a dozen unattached daughters? And God looked upon the Creation in all its delightful multiplicity, and saw that, all in all, it was quite Amiable.”
“One night I was layin' down, I heard Papa talkin' to Mama, I heard Papa say to let that boy boogie-woogie. 'Cause it's in him and it's got to come out.”
“You took life by the horns and tried to hold on tight, for fear of being ripped to shreds, left bloodied and battered.”
“Admirer quelqu'un, s'inspirer de son parcours, c'est avant tout grandir et devenir soi.”
“We yearn for there to be meaning to our lives, balanced with a sense of inner peace & joy.”
“If any accolades come in the writing of this story, all praise will be His, all Glory will rightly go to Him. If He will allow me to share some part in this, I am truly humbled.”
“Any hand can condem, but it takes a helping hand to build.”
“It is never too late to wake up, It is never too late to try, As long as you have a dream, you have a reason to wake up, And if nothing, at least try!”
“To correct them is good, but it will be better to encourage them to change.”
“All creative activity is, to some extent, done partly with the intention to rectify or fix yourself. In other words, by relativizing yourself, by adapting your soul to a form that's different from what it is now, you can resolve - or sublimate - the contradictions, rifts, and distortions that inevitably crop up in the process of being alive. And if things go well, this effect can be shared with readers.”
“The path to success and failure often look very similar. Success doesn't mean it's the end, and failure doesn't mean it's the end either. What truly matters is having the courage to keep going. It's better to try something original and fail than to succeed by copying others.”
“Greatest motivation is self-motivation.”
“Anything that touches my heart holds the potential to inspire me.”
“Nature is the grandest warehouse discovered on this planet, hence anything that touches my heart holds the potential to inspire me, as it enables me to delve into my emotions and forge connections with others through shared experiences.”
“The inspiration from my family, profound emotional experiences, and encounters with global and local issues have all contributed to my drive to write and bring about positive change.”
“Through my writing, I aim to highlight the significance of fostering healthy and fulfilling relationships and inspire others to cherish the bonds they share with fellow human beings.”
“Sit around too long thinking about how to begin and you’ll consume all your provisions while your ship rots in the harbor.”
“Why leave the comfort of the harbor? Because you are a ship captain, and a ship captain sails.”
“To be called is to be drawn by something outside yourself, something bigger than yourself.”
“You may not have the power to do anything or everything you would like, but you do have the power to do something.”
“You can’t conjure up moments of clarity at will, but you can make a habit of quieting yourself and giving them the opportunity to occur.”
“An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.”
“Forget yourself, and you may just find what you were made to be and do.”
“A lazy man often lacks the motivation to fight the very thing that has sapped him of his motivation.”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“Entertainment is often just a cheap way to quench our natural thirst for meaning by encouraging us to exercise passivity when we ought to act with passion.”
“Meaning is not found in passivity. You must track it down with fervent pursuit and fierce endurance. Meaning must be earned.”
“The best way to respond to a hero is to honor him, and the best way to honor a hero is to become a hero yourself.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“Go and see for yourself. Trust your intuition. It will lead you to purpose and direction. Trust your path. Trust your process. Discover that everyone is wrong—including you!”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“Conversation with a Butterfly: You see one day I was sitting on the porch all to myself, Contemplating on what to do, I had no money, no wealth, That's when I saw a butterfly come down from the sky, With wings so beautiful, so pleasant to the eye, I wanted to touch them, but I thought twice, I knew my fingerprint alone could create just a slight, Unevenness in her weight, which would surely affect her flight, I told the butterfly that she was lovely and brought me some cheer, But it would soon leave when she disappeared, You see I wish I could soar, and have wings such as yours, I wish I could be as wealthy as she is beautiful and so much more, The butterfly just looked with a tear in her eye, I wasn't always this beautiful and I am at the end of my life, This is just the reward of a long struggle, I never gave up and now I am humble, I never complained about where God placed me, You see he gave me struggles and doors placed just for me, I knew that I couldn't have what others had so I focused on my own, I never gave up and now others envy me alone, Not knowing what I had to go through for the finished product, I just hung true to my faith and that for me was enough, So don't get stuck in my life because you don't know it, Work your process and the end result will show it, That you and I are the same, See you are a butterfly, just by a different name,”
“The best ideas are born in the heart" "Най-добрите идеи се раждат в сърцето”
“If you follow your dream and never lose hope, the magic will always come to you.”
“don’t we all live in a mirage, that of our imagination, forever reaching for something that we can never attain – something that keeps temptingly eluding us and therefore spurs us on?”
“White rabbit Artemis, Leaving the path, Following a dream.”
“You are not driftwood And you are not a lone voice In the orchestra of defiance”
“I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.”
“Having a clear vision and a solid plan for your business is essential, but it’s equally important to be flexible and adaptable as circumstances evolve. Surround yourself with people who inspire and support your goals, and stay focused on your long-term vision.”
“Just being on the right track isn't enough to guarantee success. You must keep moving forward and taking action, or you'll get left behind.”
“Hatching is not the end of what lies inside the egg, only the end of the shell around it. There’s no flight without the shatter, and no flock without the flight. What we’re made of will go on. A fledgling in some other place and time will look up for guidance and maybe see the path we leave behind, even when all of this as it is”—she flutters her free hand at the darkened desert —“dries and blows away. Change is comforting, in that way.”
“One who perseveres in pursuit of their aspirations is a victor.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“It is no great accomplishment to take care of yourself—I’ve known children of ten or twelve who can do that. To become a true adult, you must become more than independent; you must become dependable.”
“You are not truly yourself until you no longer define yourself in others’ terms.”
“Once you know who you are, you need not fear being misunderstood, or isolated, or bullied. You won’t care whether others respect you, because you know who you are.”
“Life is a risk. Life is also punctuated by moments of great risk, and your identity and legacy are shaped by how you respond in those critical moments.”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“Your moments of great risk are not yours alone. The decisions you make in those moments are of great import to a great many people—people of great import to you.”
“Courage is simply the commitment to do the right thing even when it is difficult.”
“You are not special, but you are unique.”
“An honest life starts with an honest assessment of self. You are neither worthless nor preeminent but somewhere in between.”
“Success and failure are derived not from anything you possess but rather by the things you do. Your successes and failures rest on your actions and your actions alone.”
“There is never the potential for success without a corresponding potential for failure.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“Perhaps the only thing we might legitimately lament in an old man’s death would be his failure to have used his time well.”
“Magpies love to hear words which they can speak; and not only do they learn them, but they enjoy it; and as they repeat them over to themselves with the greatest care and attention, make no secret of the interest they feel. It is a well-known fact, that a magpie has died before now, when it has found itself mastered by a difficult word that it could not pronounce. Their memory, however, will fail them if they do not from time to time hear the same word repeated; and while they are trying to recollect it, they will show the most extravagant joy, if they happen to hear it. Natural History Book X, chapter lix”
“I am not here to rear chickens, I am here to raise eagles.”
“Success is when you are able to reproduce the process.”
“We need to change the narrative and be productive.”
“Even when you succeed, continue loving God the way you do.”
“Africans must realize that it is time to be fruitful and multiply. ”
“Life is hard because it cannot last, because it must not last. Its very definition is that which lies tenuously between nonexistence and nonexistence.”
“We are terrified by this life because it is the only one we know we have, and it is dying from the moment it is birthed.”
“You exist to be cared for only to a point, and with a purpose: that one day you might care for others.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“No one appreciates anonymity as much as those who have lost it, and you only get to lose it once.”
“Why do we so desire fame? Because we desire to matter.”
“Wealth and fame may be consequences of success, but they are not success itself. You want to be great? Great. Why?”
“Whatever you find yourself doing at any moment is the most important thing in the world to you at that moment.”
“Easy things do not call us to great action, because they are too easy to require great action.”
“Learn to mock your influence on the world or wait for the world to do it for you; you won’t have to wait long.”
“What I’m praying is that you will choose those beautiful possibilities over any self-annihilating alternatives. My whole life on earth has been the weaving of a single powerful spell. The best part of all my magic was loving you.” (as spoken by the character Valerie Hyerman)”
“There are many types and kinds of vacation, but the core of the experience is always the same: the soul is awakened by it, transformed or exalted, so that instead of dreams and presentiments from within a summons comes from without. A portion of reality presents itself and makes its claim.”
“I met the Homeville Women's Institute, a whole gaggle of rural women who have monthly meetings to make their community better. They realized that by joining together they had a stronger voice, and that is empowering,”
“As a creative, you need to curate an environment that inspires you on a daily. This includes your living space, the people you surround yourself with, social media timelines, etc. Everything you willingly allow around you should be your muse.”
“Life is too precious to be spent dwelling on the past. Live in the present and create a brighter future.”
“Adversity reveals our true strength and resilience. Embrace it as a catalyst for growth.”
“Success is not guaranteed, but neither is failure. Take a chance and see where it leads you.”
“Success is not about being better than others; it's about being the best version of yourself.”
“Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and transformation.”
“Life is a canvas. Paint it with colors that bring you joy.”
“Live your life as if every day is an adventure.”
“The best way to predict your future is to create it with passion and purpose.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become along the way.”
“Life is like a camera. Focus on what's important and capture the good times.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about how you feel about yourself.”
“Adventure awaits those who seek it with an open heart.”
“Success is not an overnight phenomenon; it's the result of consistent effort over time.”
“Failure is not the end; it's a stepping stone towards success.”
“Everything and everyone, including you and I, are made up of the magic from the stars in the sky.”
“To the people who look up to the stars and wish--- And to the stars that listen-- and the dreams that are answered”
“Limits can be great for inspiring creative solutions.”
“Be your own armor, Be your motivator. Your are the tide of impossible light, You are your carburetor.”
“If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you.”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action.”
“When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be.”
“Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.”
“Not everything put into you is good or right, but it is good enough, and it is all important.”
“Greatness is not achieved without conquering the battles that come your way.”
“The struggle is the canvas upon which our character is painted.”
“Just as a butterfly emerges from its cocoon, your struggles can lead to beautiful transformation.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for resilience, growth, and personal evolution.”
“Struggle is the fire that tempers the steel of our determination.”
“Every struggle carries within it the seeds of wisdom and strength.”
“The struggle shapes us, but it does not define us. We define ourselves through how we overcome.”
“Remember, the darkest nights produce the brightest stars. Embrace your struggle and let your light shine.”
“Embrace failure as a stepping stone towards growth and wisdom. It's a necessary part of the journey.”
“Success is not about how fast you reach your goals; it's about how much you enjoy the ride.”
“Life is meant to be an adventure. Seek experiences that ignite your soul.failure, inspiration, life, motivation, pep-talk-radio, struggle, success, passion, adventure”
“Don't be afraid to go against the grain. It's in the unconventional that greatness often lies.”
“Success is not about the destination; it's about the person you become in the process.”
“Life is too short to be lived in the confines of your comfort zone. Break free and explore.”
“Don't let fear of failure hold you back. Embrace it as a stepping stone towards success.”
“Every day is an opportunity for new adventures. Seize them with open arms.”
“Success is not about the applause; it's about the satisfaction that comes from knowing you gave it your all.”
“Life is an ongoing journey of self-discovery. Embrace the lessons and keep evolving.”
“Embrace the unknown, for it is where true growth and transformation happen.”
“Success is not about achieving perfection; it's about making progress and learning from failures.”
“Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it by playing small. Aim for greatness.”
“The greatest failure in life is not trying at all. Dare to chase your dreams.”
“Adventure is calling, and it's time to answer with courage and enthusiasm.”
“Success is not about luck; it's about perseverance and relentless determination.”
“Life is too short to live in fear. Take risks, embrace change, and live fully.”
“Dream big, work hard, and stay humble. Success will follow.”
“Find joy in the simplest of things, for happiness lies in appreciating life's small wonders.”
“Be curious, be adventurous, and never stop exploring the world around you.”
“Surround yourself with positive influences and watch your life transform.”
“Success is not about reaching the top; it's about lifting others up along the way.”
“Let your dream becomes ideas and ideas become solutions.”
“Life is short, but do not shorten it even further by taking shortcuts.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure: the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is so good when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is surely not a movie; do not live as if you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is too short to be fighting for what is not rightfully yours.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding and keep winning.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil. Learn to ignore the unsettling noise. Use the time you have to do more.”
“Life may not always be pleasant, but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your ‘A’ game.”
“Life may not seem fair, but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good, even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Be inspired, but be nonattached as you acknowledge the impermanence of everything and the beauty of that simple truth”
“Be optimistic! You can be the dream.”
“My heart space is open to receiving inspiration from the Divine. Because of this, my harvest will continue to be fruitful and bountiful.”
“Gardeners with coorie on the brain don't have to look far for inspiration. An urban jungle can easily be created on a tiny city terrace. Professional gardeners recommend looking around to see what context your outside space falls within to give you clues on design. If the spires of a large granite church or leaves of a copper beech tree can be seen close by echo the colours and shapes.”
“In the depths of struggle, we discover the true strength that resides within us.”
“The struggle you face today is the strength you will carry tomorrow.”
“Challenges are not roadblocks; they are stepping stones on the path to greatness.”
“Struggle breeds resilience, and resilience paves the way for triumph.”
“A diamond shines brightest after enduring immense pressure.”
“Within every struggle lies an opportunity for growth and self-discovery.”
“The struggle is not a sign of weakness but a testament to your determination.”
“Embrace the struggle, for it molds you into the person you are meant to be.”
“When faced with adversity, remember that stars shine brightest in the darkest skies.”
“The struggle may be tough, but so are you. Keep pushing forward.”
“The struggle is the catalyst for change and the birthplace of innovation.”
“Strength grows in the moments when you think you can't go on, but you keep going anyway.”
“Life is fair. What makes it unfair are human beings who subject others to unfair treatment.”
“Life will allow you to meet cruel people at some point. When the unexpected happens, learn to be strong.”
“Life is good when you know that you were born for a reason—a good reason, for that matter. It does not matter what happens. The most important thing is that you were born to make an impact.”
“Life is good, but sometimes you can go through bad times. When bad times show up in your path, choose to remain good to others.”
“Life is great when you choose to be grateful.”
“Life is hard when you are surrounded by people who think they are always right and never notice when you are right.”
“Life is magical, but you will never realize that magic around people who constantly pull you down.”
“Life is much better when you choose to capture the best moments.”
“Life can never be the same without those who have a special meaning to you, but if they choose to leave you along the way, learn to live without them and let sanity prevail.”
“Life is not a bowl of free custard and jelly. It can be a very challenging journey; be that as it may, find reasons to be jolly.”
“Life is not chewing gum. You have to accept the sweetness and the tastelessness.”
“Life is not a competition. Be content with what you have, and do not contend with anyone who seeks to compete with you.”
“Life is not a contest. Never compete with others if you want to be content.”
“Life is not a fantasy; it is a reality. Therefore, avoid any form of fallacy.”
“Life is not a movie, and that is why you must never tolerate actors who come in the name of love yet are filled with too many lies.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes and mind to what lies behind, so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not about the number of times your name shows up on a search engine. What matters is the number of times you touch another person’s life.”
“Life is not about what you have achieved in the past. It is about what you can achieve in your lifetime. There is always room to excel at your craft. So, make good use of your time.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives; focus on the positives.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times and carving new paths.”
“Life is not black and white. There are too many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not in any way guaranteed. With each minute that you get to live, be grateful for it.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground. It is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely, you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years, or decades to be alive. Yet, for them, it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Life is quite short; do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Passion and talent with right knowledge and consistent practice leads to self fulfilment.”
“Figuring out your motivators, values that move and guide you and what inspires you leads you to what you want to be.”
“You’ve been sacrificing your life for your entire life, and you will continue to do so until you have no more life left to sacrifice. Your only choice is what you sacrifice it to.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“Who are you? You are your aim. You are a seeker of whatever you seek.”
“Your aim is not just what you train your eye on; it is how you train your eye.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you ensure that your essential goals, those that stir from your very essence, remain uncorrupted by a million other, lesser goals that constantly vie for your attention.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Never allow those who can't find time for you to consume the time you have".”
“Life has its ups and downs. When it feels hard and you find yourself in a corner, it may be even harder to make decisions. It is, therefore, important to seek divine help in making the right decisions because God can easily open the right doors when you follow the right steps.”
“Life has no friend, my friend. Treat it well.”
“Life has so many twists and turns. What is more significant is to live with gratitude rather than regrets; to live with enthusiasm and avoid any form of pessimism; to live by faith and realize that regardless of the circumstances, you can still attain greatness.”
“Life is a chance given to you to change the world. So, while you can, do your level best!”
“Life is about a constant flow of breaths, without which one is essentially dead. Therefore, learn to appreciate every breath you take.”
“Life is a great mystery that unfolds day by day. Be grateful for every step of the way.”
“Life is a mystery. Today you face the highest mountain; tomorrow you are beneath a rock somewhere in the valley. That is why you need to treat others with respect, for you never know where you will end up.”
“Life is a privilege. Learn the power of gratitude and life will never be the same.”
“Life is a race that you will get to run alone and sometimes with others in the form of a relay.”
“Life is a split second away from death. While you still have yours, live it to the fullest.”
“Life is a temporary journey on earth. Live it with the end in mind. Never leave anything undone until your last day on earth. You cannot suddenly run many miles per hour on your sickbed if you failed to do so while you were fit. Be responsible and purposeful with your life.”
“Life is always fair, both to those who are unfair and to those who are fair.”
“Life is amazing when there is progress. That is why you must strive to take steps that lead to success.”
“Life is an adventure whose experience is incredible when you focus on the bigger picture.”
“Life is beautiful when you choose to see its beauty amid ugly situations. Learn to see life’s beauty just as you see the beauty of a rose, despite its thorns.”
“Life is beautiful, but the most dreadful things can happen at any time. So, learn to embrace the beauty of life, no matter what.”
“Life is better when people choose to love one another, look after each other and laugh together.”
“Life is better when you treat it like an examination. In an examination, you do not just write anything based on how you feel; you are expected to answer the examiner's questions.”
“Life is easy, but sometimes people complicate it by trying to complicate the lives of others.”
“Life is easy. If you hate complications, do not complicate other people's lives.”
“When you label yourself a victim, you compel those around you to pay homage to your victimhood. Don’t do that.”
“The only one who can give final assent to your victimhood is you.”
“To merely survive victimization is to let it consume you still, only bite by bite rather than all at once, to let it loiter in your life and chew at you forever. The only way to truly overcome victimization is to transcend it.”
“Perhaps you are no rock climber, but faced with a big enough rock, you will have to become one.”
“Be grateful for pain. Don’t ignore it or deny it. Don’t anesthetize yourself from it. Swallow it and make it a part of you.”
“Only once you can truthfully say you are grateful for your victimization have you transcended it.”
“There are many injustices that will simply never be made right, and to expect otherwise is to set yourself up to be consumed by frustration.”
“Justice is a fickle mistress, alluring but elusive, ever delivering less than she promises.”
“Spend your life chasing justice and only one thing is certain: You will have spent your life.”
“To expect a hospitable world is hubris. Instead, expect the opposite. Expect a world that may destroy you at its whim at any moment.”
“Neither lion nor gazelle question whether it is just for the lion to catch and eat the gazelle or just for the gazelle to get away and let the lion starve.”
“Justice is the delusion of the self-entitled. To desire it is to desire a world that is not this world.”
“Whatever your world is, you are alive, and an incomprehensible number of things had to happen just the way they did for that to be the case.”
“You may be appalled by your world, but you must be gratefully appalled.”
“Your life has come at the expense of a nearly infinite number of other potential lives that will now never get to be lived because you get to live.”
“You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it.”
“Categorizing yourself by either your victimization or your privilege fails to give any clarity to life’s fundamental question: What are you going to do with it?”
“Wallowing in victimhood only demeans and paralyzes you. Don’t do it. Redeem it instead. Transcend it instead.”
“A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“Imagine living your life so indelibly that others remember your smile long after they’ve forgotten your name!”
“We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.”
“Each of us has only one life, unique from every other, and we all have reason to ask, “Why me?”, not in bitterness or despair but in awe and gratitude.”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“Wisdom is found in nature only by mining a lot of rock.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“If my family is the price of my success, then I am grateful to have had so little of it.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Your life is one giant, continuous sacrifice being poured out on the altar of your choosing, moment by moment and day by day.”
“Your success cannot lie in something so tedious as whether you’re liked.”
“Embracing pain, chaos and failure is hard, Empowering the weak is a process, Evolving from your own past is a journey! Let's celebrate the path of endurance with patience, focus and smile!”
“A single scent takes you to unseen worlds with excitement on every level, to impossible landscapes painted with colors no one has ever seen.”
“This flavor made me fly across the universe, it was as if there was another level of existence embedded in it.”
“•	That angelic melody painted a canvas on the air, the notes drew a golden path from its source and directly into my ears.”
“I saw her soul through her eyes because they were so clear, so pure. I wished I could drink from them because I could’ve sworn they were a life elixir.”
“My chest pounded, and I felt as if all my nerve endings were connected to my hand, noticing every single microscopic movement of his on mine.”
“crush your ego, Brush your chaotic thoughts lost in air, Take a deep breath inward until you feel the clarity of the moment, and yes, now It's time to Let it go and take up new Journey!”
“The general theme of those who live and create from within their Comfort Zone is: Life is intelligently designed, and everything is always working out for my highest good. All I need to do to be successful is to be myself and follow my own internal guidance. If I can dream it and claim it, I can receive it.”
“My writing has no “use by” date; it was for yesterday, it is for today and it will be for tomorrow – for everyone.”
“When living an unbullshitafied life, you tend to attract the strong and offend the weak. Just do your thing.”
“A single present moment, when embraced with unwavering attentiveness, holds within it the essence of years. For in the depths of mindful observation, time expands, revealing the richness and profundity that can be found within a fleeting instant.”
“Time spent under a burden is often time well spent.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“It is only when you can admit you may be wrong and are willing to grapple with uncomfortable ideas that you stand to grow.”
“When answering life's big questions, it doesn’t even matter what you say your answers are; what matters is what you do.”
“We will all be average in some things, above average in others, and below average in still others. But to aspire to be average is another thing entirely.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude.”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.”
“When life is perpetually unfair in your favor, it is tempting to believe that you deserve it.”
“When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them.”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“Our freedom is not a right we have won but a privilege conferred on us by those who sacrificed much that we might have it.”
“There are people around the world who would risk their lives, who are currently risking their lives, for a tiny fraction of the opportunity you have obtained simply by virtue of having been born here and not there. You have been given a precious gift. Do not squander it.”
“Once we’ve been victimized, none of us can choose not to have been victimized; we can only choose how to respond.”
“Never indulge your victimization by labeling yourself a victim, regardless of how much you deserve the title.”
“Be careful of people who have no regard for the sensual life. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“Witnessing people's grief or the state against them moves me deeply and inspires me to write my thoughts and feelings.”
“Normalize not believing everything you hear. Normalize fact checking.”
“I have to be a nobody; in order to bless the world with my music, my music; it is my gifts to this world. - Great MillYentei D.Y”
“Our very definition and understanding of the Comfort Zone is false—or at the very least, incomplete. True, lasting success is not attained outside our Comfort Zone, but rather inside it.”
“Make what's missing. If you are watching a movie and griping, 'why didn't they do this?'. Well, it sounds like you have some writing to do.”
“Much of what we often consider knowledge is actually a point of view held without sufficient grounds: in a word, dogma.”
“Global cultural understanding and respect for human dignity for all, at all times and under all circumstances, is not just a noble moral goal but an essential pre-requisite for the national interest.”
“I am my own person, and I will not set fire to myself to keep you warm.”
“I wish I could dance in real life like I dance in my head.”
“I have to be a nobody; in order to bless the world with my music, my music; it is my gifts to this world. -Great MillYentei D.Y”
“Chasing discomfort chains you to discomfort. The truth is: You cannot create a fulfilling life when you are uncomfortable.”
“The Comfort Zone is a place where you feel safe and at ease, without stress. It’s where you can be fully yourself without feeling threatened. It’s your inner home, your sanctuary.”
“By forsaking joy in pursuit of growth, you forget that growth should make you feel alive, and that when you reach your goals, you should feel energized, even exhilarated, not exhausted and burned out.”
“You can extinguish a burning fire, but you can't extinguish the burning desire within.”
“I’ve never seen anything as bright as the rays of kindness.”
“”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“Be careful of people who are not concerned about being sensual. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“Be careful of people who have no regard to their sensual life. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“Be careful of people who have no regard for their sensual life. They will spoil your well of inspiration.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“The limitless’ is the infinite well of inspiration  of passion, creativity, desirability, vulnerability, and love.”
“Beliefs are our brain’s way of making sense of and explaining the world around us. They originate from our environment and the events we live through, but at the end of the day, every belief originates with a choice.”
“Your inner wisdom is your friend, and it lives inside the calm security of your Comfort Zone.”
“Don't chase. Elevate your game and be someone worth chasing after”
“Sometimes inspiration comes from the most unlikely places.”
“There are many little ways to enlarge your world. Love of books is the best of all.”
“You cannot push yourself to the limit and live in a state of well-being at the same time.”
“If you’re living a reality you don’t like, chances are you’re living out beliefs that are not serving you—beliefs that limit your creativity, your inspiration, and your ability to thrive.”
“Shugyo is the way The goal: better, not perfect Practice and have fun [According to the author, noted earlier in this magnificent picture book, "shygyo" means "training like crazy."]”
“Ask yourself this question in the morning when you wake: in a world of possibilities, today, what will you make?”
“Ask yourself this question as the sun begins to fade: in a day of making choices, are you proud of what you made?”
“Life is Hevel, so make every breath count.”
“Grow up. Don't give up.”
“Artists should never ask for, or dream of fame. They can ask for inspiration or prosperity, for those things can aid in the production and perfection of their art. Whereas fame will usually serve as a hindrance to themselves, and their art.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.”
“When you cease to make a contribution you begin to die. Therefore, I think it a necessity to be doing something which you feel is helpful in order to grow old gracefully and contentedly.”
“No la envidio a pesar de su dinero porque, despues de todo, los ricos tienen tantas penas como los pobres”
“Convinieron en dejar de quejarse, gozar de lo que ya tenían y tratar de merecerlo, no fuera que lo perdiesen en vez de que aumentara y creo que nunca se arrepintieron.”
“When you learn to smile in the face of adversity it begins to feel much less like adversity and more like a challenge.”
“Receive the word of God into your heart, for it will implant hope in you and save your soul from despair.”
“The wind of grace coming through the window and telling me to set myself free from all the cares put upon me by the world. And to take me to the heavenly land of love and life.”
“It's just when art inspires art, I get excited”
“I confess, I have setbacks like anyone. But they don’t cause distress or coalesce in a mess for I’ve learned to step back, to reflect and assess where I’m at and enact a simple plan of attack — to press forward, progress; not digress, not give up nor express my despair but address what I can, my mistakes and my faults, with a head-on assault. For I’m blessed with my faith and belief and a chest that encases a heart that does not know the meaning of “quit" or “give up" or “there there” or “oh well”, “never-mind” or “bad luck” or “just try something else”, no. Me and myself, my reflection and I, we are not of that ilk, we aren’t ones to comply. We aren’t ones to conform or accept that the norm is a one-size-fits-all way to simply exist for we strive to be different, incredible, unique. Not irrelevant, invisible, insignificant or meek. We strive to resist and we fight to excel, so setbacks to us are a thing to be quashed, to be quelled, to be squished, to be left in our wake as we go on our way, as we sail right on by to impossible ends, to what few dare to try. This is why – this is why – as my reflection attests, there is no time to rest. The struggle is unending … but I will give it my best.”
“The sky is always open. You can fly anytime you like. Just make sure there is enough fuel within you and your wings are intact.”
“To believe, despite everything, to have hope- that was a choice.”
“Kesempatan diberikan pada orang yang sudah membuat persiapan.”
“This book is about work, and nobody ever worked harder than these two, or at a higher standard, while connectiong with so many people for so long.”
“We grow stronger when we break and transform from inside out. Build a solid ground when a strong wind of change comes.”
“Mỗi chúng ta trong mỗi cuộc đời sẽ trải qua 3 lần Tái Sinh để thực sự sống trọn vẹn. Lần đầu tiên là khi chúng ta đến với thế giới này trong cơ thể vật lý để trải nghiệm cuộc sống con người. Lần thứ 2 là khi chúng ta tái sinh lần nữa trong ánh sáng bản thể bên trong để trở lại thuần khiết như bản chất Linh hồn của chúng ta sau khi đã trải nghiệm mọi cung bậc của thế giới vật chất bên ngoài. Lần thứ 3 là tái sinh trong tình yêu đích thực với Linh hồn có cùng rung động tương thích. Nhiều người sẽ chỉ dừng bước ở lần tái sinh số 1, một số ít dũng cảm hơn sẽ tiếp tục hành trình tái sinh lần 2, và một số ít hơn nữa sẽ tiếp tục trải nghiệm hành trình tái sinh lần 3 trong một cuộc đời. Sự lựa chọn và quyết định nằm ở mỗi chúng ta”
“Each of us in this physical life will go through three phases of Rebirth to live life to the fullest. The first Rebirth is when we come to this material world to experience human life in the physical form. The second Rebirth is when we are reborn again in the inner eternal light of our pure Soul essence. The third Rebirth is to be reborn in true divine love with a True Soulmate. Many will stop at the first Rebirth journey, some will continue on the second Rebirth journey, and very few will experience the third Rebirth in a lifetime. The choice and decision lie within each of us".”
“Each of us in this physical life will go through three phases of Rebirth to live life to the fullest. The first Rebirth is when we come to this material world to experience human life in the physical form. The second Rebirth is when we are reborn again in the inner eternal light of our pure Soul essence. The third Rebirth is to be reborn in true divine love with a True Soulmate. Many will stop at the first Rebirth journey, some will continue on the second Rebirth journey, and very few will experience the third Rebirth in a lifetime. The choice and decision lie within each of us”
“Mỗi chúng ta sẽ trải qua 3 lần Tái Sinh để thực sự sống trọn vẹn một cuộc đời. Lần đầu tiên là khi đến với thế giới này trong cơ thể vật lý để trải nghiệm cuộc sống con người. Lần thứ 2 là khi Tái Sinh lần nữa trong ánh sáng bản thể bên trong để trở lại tính nguyên bản thuần khiết của Linh hồn sau khi đã trải nghiệm các cung bậc của thế giới vật chất bên ngoài. Lần thứ 3 là Tái Sinh trong tình yêu đích thực với Linh hồn hiện hữu trong thể vật lý có cùng rung động tương thích. Nhiều người sẽ dừng bước ở lần Tái Sinh số 1, một số ít dũng cảm hơn sẽ tiếp tục hành trình Tái Sinh lần 2, và một số ít hơn nữa sẽ tiếp tục trải nghiệm hành trình Tái Sinh lần 3 trong một cuộc đời. Sự lựa chọn và quyết định nằm ở mỗi chúng ta”
“Done is better than pending”
“You may have lived longer than me, but I might have understood life far better than you.”
“A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. – Chinese proverb”
“We don't meet people face to face, But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“May your fire burn brightly and show you the way. May the earth be soft and fertile beneath your feet. May your water flow freely and quench your thirst. May the winds lift you through the air to the place beyond time. And may the rays of the sun warm your heart and illuminate your soul.”
“Poetry comes out of life.”
“Jayni dropped her gaze and asked quietly, “Will I get a small box since I haven’t had cancer?” “Oh, child, life in your shadow world is hard, even without cancer. Suffering comes in many forms. But joy comes when you understand that this is the real world, here with me, and all those troubles in your world won’t last forever.”
“I won't know the right words .. No writer ever does. The words will be right eventually.”
“Begin making decisions that align more with your future self.”
“I will let you build me a home if you promise me a library.”
“Pope Paul VI stoked the fire of my own love of Christ. More by his life than by his words, he taught me what it means to be a disciple of the Master. His weekly addresses illuminated my theology studies, and as I studied Scripture I began to recognize that he was indeed a contemporary prophet. He became my pope.”
“Dreaming is the fuel in the car of dedication!”
“Writing is pain relief, or at least pain management.”
“মানুষের মনের ভিতর যদি ভালো কিছু করার জিদ একবার চেপে বসে আর সে যদি লক্ষ্যকে ঠিক রেখে পরিশ্রম করে যায়, তাহলে- কিছুদিন আগে বা পরে- তার জীবনে সফলতা আসবেই এবং আসতে বাধ্য।”
“একদিন আপনিও সফল হবেব। সেইদিন আপনি না চাইলেও শত শত মানুষ আপনার জীবনের গল্পগুলো শুনতে চাইবে। সেই গল্পগুলো বলতে বলতে আপনি ক্লান্ত হয়ে যাবেব। তারপরও মানুষ আপনার মুখে শুনতে চাইবে। অন্তত নিজের মনের ভিতর আগলে রাখা সেই জমা কথাগুলো বলার জন্য হলেও আপনাকে অন্তত একবার সফল হতে হবে।”
“Despite the sense of invincibility and inevitability often associated with this so called Great Reset, and the Elitist Establishment that sits behind it, this theatrical movement does not strike me as an organic creation of their omnipotent genius so much as it does a premature plan that has become a reactionary course of action to counter what invariably constitutes the Great Revolution — An ongoing awakening of hundreds of millions of people throughout the world that threaten their globalist power unlike anything they or their predecessors have ever seen before.”
“Not the beginning, but the End. Not the First, but The Last. Only Never Quit!”
“To be able to serve is the opportunity god gives to few mankind.”
“Life does not give you what you need, it gives you what you deserve. So don't increase your need level, increase your deserving level". ~Dr Lloyd Magangeni”
“Get comfortable at being uncomfortable”
“I am poet and I only believe in love and peace. We the homo sapiens are capable of great things, but let us not get narrow minded and hate each other. Our world needs more loving hearts.”
“They are all coming now to see what part they played  Auditions are over. The Script is written and casting is closed.”
“Loving yourself is scary. That's why people don't do it. To love yourself is to make eye contact with yourself and to stare a measureless distance into your soul, love what you see and embrace the journey to and through the pillars of emotion, then rest on the cushion of the heart. Imagine that. Then, make it a reality.”
“The infirmity of a crooked junkies lies seen to the abominable cowards" but the less learned lessons always goes on".”
“Success is not a destination, but a journey. It's not measured by the amount of wealth or recognition you accumulate, but by the obstacles you overcome and the lessons you learn. To be successful, embrace failure as an opportunity to grow, stay focused on your goals, and never give up on your dreams.”
“Success is the result of consistent action, fueled by passion and guided by purpose. It's not about being the best, but about being better than you were yesterday. So strive for progress, not perfection, and trust the process, for the journey is just as important as the destination.”
“Believe in yourself, work hard, stay focused, and never give up. Success will come.”
“Be so focused on your journey to the point that the devil starts fasting and praying because of you.”
“Mindfulness is not just about being present, but also about being curious, compassionate, and non-judgmental towards our thoughts and emotions. It is a powerful tool that allows us to connect with ourselves and the world around us in a more meaningful way.”
“It's not that I dislike you; it's only that in your presence I can't like myself.”
“Lost in a good book, found in a great review.”
“If you’re having a bad day just realize that some days are bad and you can do nothing about them. Try to stay calm and remind yourself that it’s just a fleeting day and also a day to show yourself that you can face anything and come out of it, smiling.”
“Always remember how brave a wild seed is. It is buried in darkness, covered by the heaviness of dirt and uncertainty, and yet without anyone watering it, it nurtures itself in the soul of the soil and it bursts through the weighted barriers, up towards the sunshine, only to become absolutely brilliant and beautiful. It grows and thrives in spite of what it has endured. Be that seed and do not give up on that nearly impossible dream, because as I’ve said a thousand times, nearly impossible is still possible.”
“Different people in different parts of the world can be thinking the same thoughts at the same time. It's an obsession of mine: that different people in different places are thinking the same thing but for different reasons. I try to make films which connect people”
“TIME: The Long Journey It occurred to me that a life well lived takes courage to tell  When one sees beyond knowing there is no beginning and no end, only an undeniable presence of something greater than self. We understand the greater self is God. Sometimes, I feel, God presents us with sorrow to show us there is hope for tomorrow. When you touch another soul all souls unite and live as one spirit alive in the universe. God blesses us in unseen ways daily. The time we share is our history. Your endearing journey touches lives needing the love only you can give. ___Cecilia Kaelin”
“You wear a crown of roses. You’ve fully entered the next phase of your life: a crone and member of the wise council of women. You will be a part of the shift of ages. You will keep the flame of women’s work and women’s stories alive. You will change the world by doing so. It turns out, you’ve been a fire-walker your whole life. Now, you will teach others.”
“It's amazing how quickly people will discourage you, knock you down, and devalue you because.. basically, they can. The question is, how quickly will you draw a boundary and put an end to toxicity in your life? This is something you need to learn how to do if you want to be at peace and cut out all of the drama.”
“You were created for more than to bear the weight of your shadows - but you have to choose to no longer let them define you. You have to choose to let the light shine through the shattered pieces.”
“No mourners, no funerals.”
“The children had never been to a museum before. "Will it be like school?" they wanted to know. "Will it be like church? Or like shopping or going to a picnic?" "A little of all those things," said Celeste. "This museum is a building filled with works of art.”
“God knows all our needs. He provides one day at a time.”
“Denken ist wie chatGPT, nur krasser”
“shower time, steam rising, going on a caffeine binge – it’s not the juice that juices me, it’s that taste and the rock and roll blaring evil and gorgeous in the morning darkness”
“We never meet wrong people in life. Either they are the lessons or the blessings. We need both of them anyways…”
“Some problems can't be solved through love -given to us or through ourselves It's okay if your problems don't have a perfect solution.”
“Several patio chairs, a small coffee table and behind them, a blue green pool, sun spotted water within listing side to side. Innocence can be found or lost here in the noonday sun.”
“Everything has a limit.”
“People's problems is with "What to do" not "How to do". You can't use the word "How" without "What".”
“The reason behind Pain is the gap between your reality and expectations.”
“Excess is pain, neglect is pain, balance is comfort.”
“The most stressful cause, is dealing with jerks.”
“Sometimes things don't go as planned. It's okay to try something new and unexpected. But whatever you do, just have fun.”
“You have always believed in the impossible, Peter. Don't give up yet.”
“You can spot people who are living for something deeper. They walk out into the world differently, purposefully. What's even more appealing to me is someone living openheartedly. Someone who knows there will be highs and lows, but still finds reason to celebrate every bit between. Someone who trusts they're still in progress, but worthy of love anyway.”
“Never tire of doing the little things for others; sometimes the little things are the most important”
“Self-love isn't pretension or arrogance for that matter. It's a therapy.”
“Some people are determined to misunderstand you. Let them. Because once God reveals the Truth, it’s going to be SO Sweet for You.. and most likely very sour for them..”
“If you don't know where you're going, you're never going to get there.”
“I don't believe the poor are lazy, it's just that sometimes people are tied down by fate and the unawareness to utilize the power of prayer.”
“Write me a poem. Write me several poems. A muse me.”
“No matter what you're going through, don't let that be a reason to be heartless to others, because when the damage is done it cannot be reversed.”
“เพราะความปรารถนาที่จะมีความรู้สึกเป็นคนสำคัญ, จึงเป็นเหตุให้เสมียนร้านชำผู้หนึ่งซึ่งขาดการศึกษาและยากจนหันเข้าศึกษาหนังสือกฎหมาย  ซึ่งเขาพบอยู่ที่ก้นถังของใช้ชำรุดประจำบ้าน  เขาชื่อ เอบราแฮ็ม ลิงคอล์น ไงล่ะท่าน  เพราะความปรารถนาอันนี้เองที่ชักจูงเด็กหนุ่มเป็นจำนวนไม่น้อยให้กลายเป็นพวกเหล่าร้ายใช้ปืนเป็นอาวุธปล้นและสังหารชีวิตผู้อื่น”
“It's a tough one but its worth the read”
“One of the morals to the story: Don't just study your cards  study the players.”
“A courtroom, Lawyers, Judges, rainbows, tilts, a card shark, a Royal Flush, a Bachelors Dream and a poker table is one hell of a story.”
“Give me a library and a good book and we will be friends for life.”
“they are a little more solid even in the exquisite nakedness of their existence and they glory in their reality and read music and dance poetry on the sidewalks and in the lavatories of bombed out buildings. we take their words and cup them in our hands and we take their lips and crush them to ourselves and dream the dreams and think of sands and faraway places and wish for death and pray they see IT soon.”
“Poets may be the “unacknowledged legislators” but I don’t know if we’re that important. My fear overwhelms me at times; I gave you my fear, a withered gift. You are the true poet of the family. You gave me the cry of a baby in its mother’s arms, cotton candy at the circus, John Cage exhibits at the museum, lying under the light of the full moon. You gave me Fellini films and old Romances, a glass of Burgandy in a darkened restaurant where lovers cling to hope of passion and contentment. You gave me hope and love, but most of all, you gave me poetry.”
“Reminiscing about my childhood days, I still remember that when I would wake up in the morning, I would find my mother writing in her diary or on bits of paper. She would sometimes not get any diary, or paper and write in the back pages of magazines and even in the blank spaces of the telephone directory. My mother Poet Manjushree Mohanty is truly an inspiration to me and many poets and writers”
“Perfection is good as long as we perfect the right things. ”
“If you can’t make it perfect, make it the best possible version within the coordinates of your abilities. ”
“Accepting unmanageable imperfections is a sign of a perfect attitude. ”
“An intelligent person can't go wrong, but there is a possibility that he does not reach his destination. A hardworking person can go wrong, but it's sure that he will reach his destination. ”
“Every time we learn a new thing, we open doors for opportunities. ”
“Be mindful of your strengths and your opponent's weaknesses to design winning strategies. ”
“Your emotional energy is a function of what you are trying to extract from the present moment — perfection or happiness? ”
“We spend 80% of our efforts perfecting 20% of our work. Perfection boosts your ego, not your happiness. ”
“Almost nothing can be perfected in the first instance — focus on evolution. ”
“Evolution converts today’s perfections into obsolescence tomorrow. ”
“Perfectionism demands slowing down from the evolution pace”
“If perfection slows you down, you are more likely to detour from the evolution path. ”
“Yes, dance IS a party, Parker thought. It was her outsides celebrating the way she felt on her insides.”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“Dear Daughter, Love yourself and take good care. Let the goodness of the Lord fill your heart.”
“Dear Daughter, Paint a portrait of love in your heart and you will feel loved.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn what you need to learn and do what is necessary to attain greatness.”
“Dear Daughter, Your gender or race should not be a stumbling block. No matter who you are or where you come from, there is nothing you cannot achieve. Do not let anything hold you back from greatness.”
“Dear Daughter, Take no shortcuts to prosperity if you want to become great. When you follow the due process, it will lead you to greatness and teach you a great sense of responsibility.”
“Dear Daughter, There are things you should not tolerate if you want to be great.”
“Dear Daughter, There is a price you will pay to be great. It is spelt in five words ─ GRIT.”
“Dear Daughter, When you make the choice to be great and follow the required process, you will become great.”
“Dear Daughter, You can still be great. There is still hope for you today. Do not allow the past to seal your fate or invalidate your need to be great.”
“Dear Daughter, You were born to be great. Cultivate habits that help you become great.”
“Dear Daughter, Your situation can still change. As long as you have breath attached to your name, there is still a chance that you can be great.”
“We all have a story to tell. Stories of how we survived this or that. Some are more dramatic than others but what a great story to tell. This is how I survived that!”
“Today, I will focus on the present and not worry about the future or how my story will end. The story will end when it is supposed to, and it will end with greatness because it will be a life well-lived.”
“Saying no to people who want you to say yes, and upholding your boundaries with people who were used to having none, will at first feel terrible. Like a death. And it is a death of sorts. The death of the part of you that thinks you have to violate yourself to make it in life or be valued. You most likely will surrounded by people who are used to being accommodating or passive. At first, they feel threatened by you asserting your boundaries. This is ok. And in time they will get used to it. Just like in time you'll get used to understanding, that when people act like assholes when you say now, isn't about you. It's about them.”
“Epiphanies are hidden in the most ordinary of moments: the casting of a shadow, the smell of a match igniting, an unusual phrase overheard or misheard. A dedication to the practice of showing up on a regular basis is the main requirement. [for inspiration]”
“If I can be everything to everybody then I don’t have to be anything to me.”
“At one point, all of us must be lost in a desert. It’s an excellent sanction. If we never have that trial, I struggle to see how else we can find ourselves.”
“Only a king knew what a crown did to a walk. No matter how diligently explained or even repetitiously tried on by others, the crown weighs not what its gold measures, but its bearer’s battles, near-deaths, and navigations of terrain. Terrain cheered by none. Terrain open to all.”
“After all, far better than pleasant dreams is an amazing reality.”
“You're just a character in my book, but I did not give you any lines.”
“Mindset plus skillset creates the master.”
“The bell above the door chimed, and magic tingled at my fingertips. The scent of ink and freshly printed paper swirled invitingly in the air as I followed my parents in the bookstore.”
“Tea stirs poetic feeling and inspires gentle reverie”
“And it seemed fitting both for Andrei, and hypothetically the creators of the film, that when he got up to leave in the middle of it, he did so as an ode to the film. A statement of departure that said: 'If you made the movie for the reason I think you did, perhaps you wouldn’t be offended that I left the damn place and decided to chase after life. Inspiration is unlimited, but time is not. Thank you. Goodbye!' He left the poet’s book in the seat beside him, took his popcorn and soda, and exited the cinema the way the writers would have wanted.”
“This living organism breathed, could roam around the world, see and be seen, and make any mess it wanted. And here Andrei was, pulsing in a field with another pulse. How miraculous that for a short period, the two of them could focus their eyes, turn their heads, lift their limbs, and run straight into the arms of another person. The living were not rocks or wood, incapable of being affected by chance, but rather forces of momentary magic that could digress and collide with anything it chose. Should a human ever feel bored lying atop their bed, they could change reality and within thirty seconds walk outside and strike up a new conversation with another pulse on the street. The living sound an ancient, sacred, temporary hum that is exclusive to them. Once gone, it can never be retrieved. But if there still, it could do anything.”
“No one cares about anyone else’s life, but their own, bro. That’s the thing. We’re just selfish," said Raphael. “Some surprise us though. Those unique ones who interest us— they do something new with their body. They mean words differently. They bring us in. The people who amaze us are how we know that the selfishness inside us all along was never selfishness. We were only far from certain people.”
“Normality seemed suspicious to him. He avoided smart routes, healthy decisions, and standard trajectories. Andrei fancied the forsaken, the dreadful, the dusty. He intentionally said yes to what other people said no to. "There must be something worthwhile," he always thought, "in the apparently worthless, seemingly dangerous, and painfully obvious.”
“Each room I enter, every road I walk on, it asks for me, and waits to see whether or not I agreed to it. Did I try? Did I grab the moment? I love these jumps and where they lead.”
“Life was never about survival. For a long time, it was proposed that all living organisms shared a single purpose: to survive—but this was not the appropriate case for humans. Survival was all along but a secondary basis to man, while attendance to life was the first. One must secure something to survive for, as the cells of the straightforward body will, regardless of permission, do their job. Men do not breathe without air first around to inhale. A sailor cannot know his passion for sailing without an existing body of water. Similarly, a man can only survive if there is something larger in him that lives—not a beating heart, but a moving one. If he only “holds on,” prolonging preservation and supervising health, there is nothing in that lingering lifeform to endanger or threaten. And since no system of security can defend from death’s next play, there is no use in mortals wearing armor. The essence of chance had loitered since the beginning of time, anticipating a being who adhered to its expressions. The human priority is one’s comet.”
“Hello. I am dead, very dead. Yes, we write after we die. It seems the need to create had nothing to do with a desperation to understand oneself during our aliveness, but rather the discharge of natural, tiny volumes of our soul. Here comes six bubbles: there was a boy named andrei.”
“And every time I've set out to meet life, I've met and embraced death. I've collected all my skeletons and bones from each of those moments and have stored them inside the closet that I own. The bones that the death wouldn't touch. And I guess now I have enough of them with me to build a bridge to the paradise in which life lives.”
“Whether or not you get widely lauded for any influence you offer matters little. The truth is that many of those who have names written in history books, have been mentored, shaped and influenced by others whose names you may never know.”
“The steam at the kettle’s spout, The flame at the candle’s wick, Rest on an emptiness Invisible, quick. The word at the poet’s lip, The line at the painter’s brush, Rest on an emptiness. Hush. *Shrine poem.* Welling-in-the-Mountains.”
“The soul’s hand has an eye. *Carved on a rain-worn stone.* Welling-in-the-Mountains.”
“A prominent person would utilize his or her talent to inspire and benefit others instead of excessively craving for fame and wealth to only benefit him or herself.”
“Love, say what you want, do what you can, hope for the best, and surrender the rest.”
“Don’t Let it Get You Down, It’s Never Too Late to Build a Dream”
“I choose to walk by faith because I know God is mighty and victorious and there is nothing that is difficult for him. He is able to change any tough situation for our good. When we go through difficult situations, sometimes God wants to remind us that before the joy of victory comes there got to be a struggle to overcome." Gregory Anson”
“There are no blank words. Just blank pages.”
“Me dice que tengo unas ideas muy raras y que he leído demasiado. Falso. he leído poco y entendido menos.”
“She was in the same state of excitement, when the reasoning powers act quickly, as a man before battle, in conflict, in the dangerous and decisive moments of life - those moments when a man proves once and for all his mettle, and shows that his past life has not been lived in vain but has been a preparation for these moments.”
“Am I meant for this? Or am I just doing it anyway? Or is the Venn diagram of the people who are “meant for” their circumstances and the people who “do it anyway” just a big circle?”
“Reminiscing about my childhood days, I still remember that when I would wake up in the morning, I would find my mother writing in her diary or on bits of paper. She would sometimes not get any diary, or paper and write in the back pages of magazines and even in the blank spaces of the telephone directory. My mother Poet Manjushree Mohanty is truly an Inspiration for me and many poets and writers.”
“The object is not to make art, but to be in the wonderful state which makes art inevitable.”
“After the city of Nis, that is a bad road,” the manager said. “There are mountains on either side which experience rockslides. The government cannot maintain it well. A river run close alongside the road, which floods in spring, but that should not trouble you now, but there are no guardrails, so you must watch carefully for potential washouts. There are steep grades and blind curves, which are not signaled in advance… You truly take your life in your hands up there. And there is no one to come to your assistance should you need it. Now tell me, where are you going to spend the night? “In Skopje.” “Well, be sure to get there before nightfall. Do not drive at night. There are bandits in those mountains. They would love to get their hands on a motorcycle like yours.” “Bandits? Really, I asked, hardly believing. “Yes. They learned from being partisans during the war. Some never stopped being outlaws.”
“Kara gave me a nudge with her foot under the table. I woke out of my reverie and looked at her, my first thought being, who is this girl, and how can she be so cool?” “You were drifting off.” “Oh wow. I’m sorry. I’m really bushed, I guess. The months in Berlin were intense. And then I was on the road like I never could have imagined. I was almost killed in a tunnel in Yugoslavia. Athens was crazy. The last two days have been a blur. I was almost squashed by a bus earlier today, and then I run into someone like you.” “And who is someone like me?” Kara teased.”
“The course of my life had been in doubt for so long that I always had to assess my emotions. This was new. It felt real, mature, and I didn’t want to let it dissolve into juvenile memories as the others had. Damn! Kara made me feel like a man! That was what I’d been looking for!”
“Life is all about the decisions we make and the habits we keep. Don't be fooled into thinking that your future is decided by someone else - you have control over your destiny.”
“Change is hard, but it's not impossible. Don't be afraid to take the leap, because you have what it takes to soar.”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“I'm learning everyday that taking time for yourself is so important. It's the key to finding clarity and understanding the relationships in your life, especially the one with yourself!”
“When it comes to taking care of yourself, don't play games! You are valuable, irreplaceable, and no one can take that away from you. Make sure you don't deprive yourself of your needs and wants-you deserve the same love and respect that you give to others.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“Your path will show you where to go, and it will show you everybody you have realized as Selfhood in other body form. That’s how you can consider yourselves now, tumbling into the twenty-first century without a life preserver, tossed about like a bottle on the waves, full of nature and envy and clouds of distrust. Break the bottle and allow yourselves the best gift you can give yourselves: the freedom to melt into the grander oceans of your reality and allow this to take you into the beautiful new lives you have awaiting you. - James Baldwin (attrib.)”
“It is very difficult and, in many cases, ultimately hopeless, to try to be kind to people who are unkind to you. But if you give it a try, it is not impossible and it is the noblest thing to do.”
“Whenever I'm feeling down, I always think back on all my goals and get instantly motivated".”
“I still remember typing the title page on my manual Smith-Corona with clammy hands and a racing heart. When I came to the words, "A novel by Joyce Elbert", I heard the New York Philharmonic break into Wagnerian praise for a major new literary voice, yet seconds later doubt and insecurity had crept in.”
“In the windowpane I caught a glimpse of myself: fat, badly-dressed, the seams on my skirt about to burst, my hair in need of a trim, my shoes run down at the heels, yet for once I didn't give a damn. I thought of how anxious I had been about this city, its intimidating chic, its hostile shopkeepers, Simone de Beauvoir's opinion of me, my clothes, my hairdo, my weight, my inability to speak the language properly. " Bonjour, Madame, " I said to the proprietor in my fractured French. " Deux litres du lait, s'il vous plait. " Why do we always worry about the wrong things, I wondered?”
“While it took much longer than I ever anticipated to see my writing efforts pay off, it finally happened so that at the age of forty-three I was my own woman, beholden to no one.”
“Corny as it may sound today, I was used to thinking of men in terms of guidance and protection but suddenly no man felt I needed his guidance or protection since I had the aura of money to protect me.”
“Like many mind-altering drugs, alcohol had shown me where I wanted to go but alcohol couldn't get me there. It didn't have the power. I needed sobriety to connect me to stronger forces than my earthbound self. Whether these forces are God or nature is beside the point. Call them what you will. I feel that I instinctively knew I wasn't here alone or by sheer brute chance, but to live my life with as much courage and joy as possible before I returned to where I came from. I think that's really the goal.”
“I didn’t know exactly what would come next—lately, I’d allowed myself to imagine running a dance company of my own, composed entirely of women. The idea was terrifying, exhilarating, transfixing. I knew now, finally, that those feelings were hard to come by. You had to pay attention when they showed up.”
“It never fails, the most awful human beings, the power hungry, those with the least personality, kindness, and humanity, are general managers in restaurants.”
“Andrei avoided the internet as well and this evasion only added to his gloom. He loved music, especially old songs, and he loved movies, of all sorts. If he had the patience, sometimes he would read. While most of the pages he turned bored him to sleep, certain books with certain lines disarranged him. Some literature brought him to his feet, laughing and howling in his room. When the book was right, it was bliss and he wept. His room hushed with serenity and indebtedness. When he turned to his computer, however, or took out his phone, he would inevitably come across a viral trend or video that took the art he loved and turned it into a joke. The internet, in Andrei’s desperate eyes, managed to make fun of everything serious. And if one did not laugh, they were not intelligent. The internet could not be slowed and no protest to criticize its exploitation of art could be made because recreations of art hid perfectly under the veneer of mockery and was thus, impenetrable. It was easy to use Chopin’s ‘Sonata No. 2’ for a quick laugh, to reduce the ‘Funeral March’ to background music. It was a sneaky way for a digital creator to be considered an artist—and parodying the classics made them appear cleverer than the original artist. Meanwhile, Andrei’s body had healed playing Chopin alone in his apartment. He would frailly replay movie moments, too, that he later found the world edited and ripped apart with its cheap teeth. And everyone ate the internet’s crumbs. This cruel derision was impossible to escape. But enough jokes, memes, and glam over someone’s precious source of life would eventually make a sensitive body numb. And Andrei was afraid of that. He needed his fountain of hope unblemished. For this reason, he escaped the internet’s claws and only surrendered to it for e-mails, navigation, and the weather.”
“Live like a comet. An unstoppable rock through space. Travel with so great a speed that there is no time or desire for explanation. Live. Live without brakes," she said. His heart raced. Andrei shifted his gear to second. This was his key. The spine of an upstanding life was character. If all else was rid of, that was all a human had. The decisions in one’s own identity was like the wardrobe of the spirit, as discussed by Mars and Andrei. If a human being was fearless, she told him, they would act on all the things they desired. They would speak all the thoughts they were afraid to say. This pulled them closer to the sublime and away from obvious lands. Their life would gain access to moments of intimacy that were never far— only camouflaged. There was no one Andrei knew who lived like that. Not one. The comet was the most optimal way of life. Nothing could stop the person who decided to nail their foot on the gas. No interaction, rejection, weather, or obstacle of any kind would arrest them for too long. Everyone else had delays and was set back by their excuses. “Tea?” she asked. “Please.”
“But imagine,” said Mars, “being a comet. I want you to imagine a divine force in someone that pushes them through the world, infinitely, in each choice, melting barriers in its own perfect path, out your mouth, out from your hands, across countries, through rooms—” “—through terror—” “—past regulations—” “—past people—” “—every time—” “—every day ” “Their life would go so much further,” continued Mars, “so much—as if absorbing hundreds and hundreds of years of ordinary life experience while still their real age. If death is no secret, why do we hunch? That doesn’t make sense to me. I don’t get the hunching! We retreat even when we always know the most favorable thing to do. If you took every risk, you’d have everything. You’d have all that was all.”
“It is time to DEMAND FOR MORE!”
“Persistence used to be his goal; perhaps, he once believed, if he endured more days, eventually life would come together, either ultimately or through a single event. Books and art and politics said to keep going. But while persistence was other men’s answer, their conflicts were not his. How could a man totally trust history’s advice when today, the sparrow breaks its old route and flies over that jacaranda tree and not the usual? Persistence was not Andrei’s answer. He needed deviation.”
“A powerful woman can stand even after a fall. It does not matter how long it takes. She always finds a way to get back on her feet.”
“A powerful woman is like a rock, too hard to crush, but also like butter, warm and soft.”
“A powerful woman may not occupy a powerful position in society, but she is what society needs. Her contribution does not depend on her position, but on her sincere passion for humanity.”
“A powerful woman will always find the means to make things happen because to her, what needs to happen must happen.”
“Any deliberate effort aimed at bringing a powerful woman down ends up building her up, when she has the Lord on by her side.”
“Any deliberate effort aimed at bringing a powerful woman down ends up building her up, when she has the Lord by her side.”
“No one can keep her down. Even after going through a setback, she finds a way to bounce back because she is a powerful woman.”
“Not every powerful woman occupies a high position. She may be in the lowest of positions, but she can rightfully position herself to make an impact in society.”
“Nothing upsets the enemy more than seeing a woman who has been severely bruised, dust herself off, rise and shine bright because no matter how much the enemy tries to prove a point, a powerful woman will always prove him wrong.”
“She is calm like a dove, yet her mind is sharp like a blade. She lives in peace and she is full of wisdom. She is truly a powerful woman.”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. Keep the faith.”
“I burn my struggles and calm my mind”
“Let me hold your hand and walk with me”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. The Victory is Yours.”
“Believe me, circumstances are never favorable. We should not depend on them. What is important is what one feels, what one wants, what one knows. We have to live despite reality and even against it, without waiting for it to be conducive as do the deluded, or the cowards.”
“Inspire others to find God through prayer, fasting and sharing the Word. Let your thoughts, words and actions carry inspiration.”
“Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment, appreciate what you have, and find joy in the present.”
“You don't need a fantastic New Year, you just need a happy New Year. Happy New Year!”
“To gain momentum of growth for yourself, keep adding moments of success achieved - however small.”
“Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life. I have trained more than 10,000 students by now in my teaching experience of 12+ years. And I can tell this with conviction.”
“Good health is to be treasure above any other thing.”
“The best way to have people laugh with you and not at you, is to get ahead of them and laugh at yourself first.”
“One can not beat modesty. It is too modest.”
“You can either leave something for people, or you can leave something in people.”
“Kindness can save. Laughter can uplift. A word can infuse another with love. Your light can shine, for someone, the beam of the eternal dance of joy and peace.”
“You become a slave if you fear to fight that's why the strong crave to conquer. If you want to be strong conquer yourself because if you can do that you can conquer the world. If you fear to address your thoughts then you will never address the thoughts of others, and if you can't do that then you'll never be able to make your mark known.”
“It is possible to remake this world because you - the very deepest you - are its one and only Author, its sole Creator. But it - you - are not alone, because the deepest Self of this deepest you is looking out through the eyes of every sentient being alive, including all 9 billion humans on the planet. You can remake the world because you possess 18 billion hands, more than enough to reshape and refigure all that needs to be done. Feel the unimaginable creative power of this one and only I AMness, and know that anything is possible.”
“I have found that one of the keys to really being free is to live in the same way as you meditate.”
“To be, or to be so much more!”
“Drugs were never the answer, but boy, did they help soften the questions." - Christine Macdonald; FACE VALUE: From Working the Pole to Baring my Soul”
“A woman of value will never tolerate that which does not add value to her life.”
“A woman can never be undervalued by someone who does not understand her value.”
“A woman of strength may appear weak on the outside, but it does not mean she is weak on the inside.”
“The strength of a woman is like the wings of a mother eagle. She flies high against the gusty winds.”
“A wise woman knows that she does not have to fight every battle. For some battles, she just watches until she overcomes.”
“A woman of wisdom does not only think about today. She always thinks ahead.”
“Good women are like the pillows of this world. Without them, the world cannot have a peaceful sleep.”
“Good women are the angels who inspire us to do our best, because they always do their best.”
“Good women are the backbone of countries, counties, and communities. You can easily count on them.”
“Good women wear the cap of motherhood very well. Whether or not they have given birth does not matter. Good women make life so great.”
“Most houses would not be good homes, had it not been for the good women who keep them warm.”
“This world needs good women who can stand together, not against one another because when women unite, amazing things happen.”
“A phenomenal woman is never limited by a phenomenon. She goes out there and stays the course until she prospers.”
“A woman is chosen, consecrated and capacitated by the Almighty to play a crucial role in society.”
“A woman who knows where she stands will remain standing, even when everything around her is crumbling.”
“An outstanding woman stands out and gets counted among the great. She does not just sit and count those who are great. She goes out there and does what it takes to become great.”
“No woman should ever be made to apologize for being wise. She must be allowed to embrace her God-given wisdom.”
“Nothing can bring down a woman who is comfortable in her skin. She is genuine and never pretends to be someone she is not. She knows her worth and what she wants.”
“The precise beauty of a woman does not lie in her external looks, but in what she carries beyond those looks.”
“We always celebrate a great woman, but to be great, the girl child needs to be encouraged to excel from an early age.”
“When a woman cries, it does not mean she is weak. She telling the world to stop and comprehend her needs.”
“Womanhood should be celebrated. Being a woman must not be seen as a weakness. Womanhood should be celebrated. Being a woman must not be seen as a weakness.”
“An inspirational woman carries a fountain of inspiration. Whatever she says inspires others. Womanhood should be celebrated. Being a woman must not be seen as a weakness.”
“An inspirational woman carries a fountain of inspiration. Whatever she says inspires others.”
“An inspirational woman inspires change and that is what makes this world so great.”
“An inspirational woman is a transformational agent who makes a difference at the national or international level.”
“An inspirational woman may not have much, but whatever she does inspires others.”
“A powerful woman always finds a way to inspire and empower other women.”
“A powerful woman does not merely rely on the power of a man, but on the powerful hand of God.”
“A powerful woman is a heat-resistant, storm-bracing calibre. There is nothing she cannot handle.”
“A woman of faith is not limited by apparent limitations because nothing can limit a woman with the power to move mountains.”
“A woman of faith keeps walking by faith because, for her, faith is not a game but a crucial part of the race.”
“A woman of faith may fall many times, but she rises again and again as if she never fell at all.”
“It does not matter how much she cried. God is always by her side. She puts pride aside and acknowledges the God who gave her life. She keeps looking up to Him for her miracle. She is indeed a woman of faith. Faith that cannot be shaken by any gale.”
“On her face, a smile never fades because she knows that by faith, things will always fall into place. That is a woman of faith.”
“When facing the battlefield, a woman of faith runs to her shield—God!”
“A prayerful woman is always ready to face the enemy. She does not live in fear. She knows that, by faith, God will come through for her.”
“A prayerful woman knows how to get on her knees, because she knows that on her knees she always wins.”
“A prayerful woman may go through a lot, yet she can get things together because she overcomes them through prayer.”
“A prayerful woman knows how to stay on the Altar. She finds her strength from the Almighty.”
“A woman of prayer fights battles and wins. She is not afraid of the battlefield. She knows how to be still and still win.”
“A woman who prays is a threat to the enemy because she fights her battles on her knees until she wins.”
“A woman who knows how to fight on her knees can overcome any battle with ease.”
“The power of a praying woman does not depend on what she can do with her own hands, but on the Mighty Hand of God.”
“The strength of a praying woman does not come to an end because whenever she feels weak, she knows where to lean.”
“The world needs a prayerful woman who does not depend upon her gorgeousness but on the righteousness of God and her God-given wisdom to solve global problems.”
“When thrown into the pit, a prayerful woman always finds a way out because God comes to her rescue.”
“A woman of peace does not convince others to do wicked things. She strives to bring peace wherever she is.”
“A woman of peace will always endorse peace wherever she goes, because she understands its true meaning.”
“A woman of vision comprehends that her current circumstances do not reflect what her future holds. In her eyes, she sees continuance. In her mind, she thinks of influence, and in her heart, she longs for affluence.”
“A woman of vision may have lost her eyesight, but she can see afar because through her mind, she conceives far beyond what the eyes can see.”
“A woman who thinks big does not let small things distract her. She focuses on her mission, because she is a woman of vision.”
“A woman of virtue can never be a villain, because she knows she is a victor. She would rather spend her precious time building, than destroying others.”
“A woman of virtue does not allow narrow-minded people to define her because she knows that she carries the seeds of greatness.”
“A woman of virtue does not desert her throne even when stones are thrown. She sits tight on her throne, because she is a Queen.”
“A woman of virtue is not a weakling. Yes, she knows her weaknesses, yet she does not let them define her. She makes a difference in the world.”
“She does not have an issue with a non-issue, because she is a woman of virtue.”
“She is worth more than a business deal, much more than an employment contract. She is a woman of virtue.”
“You may not see bravery written on her face, but through her life you can notice bravery. She conquers big battles. A warrior in her own unique way. She is none other than a woman of virtue.”
“A valuable woman can do many things, except those that do not add value to humanity.”
“You are not alone. Understand, friend, there are millions of us. Millions of people who struggle with (and overcome) all sorts of problems. You would be shocked to know how many people understand EXACTLY what you are going through. That doesn't mean what you are going through is somehow less. Meaningful, special, unique. On the contrary, it means that what you are going through is more. It is important. It deserves to be seen, spoken of and understood.”
“You are 100 percent responsible for taking control of your health. Learn about nutrition, healthy eating, and how to fuel your body the right way.”
“So I, a migratory bird, am suffering from the need to return to the place I have come from before the season and sun are right for my return. Do I meet spring summer or winter? Here I live in a perpetual other season unable to read in the sky, the sun, the temperature, the signs for returning.”
“A certain pleasure was added to Grace’s relief at establishing herself as a migratory bird. She found that she understood the characters in her novel. Her words flowed, she was excited, she could see everyone and everything.”
“I matter. I fly lone, apart from the flock, on long journeys through storm and clear skies to another summer. Hear me!”
“Everything has its price," Reverend Willows said. "The sunset costs us the moment in which we pause to look at it. We pay for a great love or a great dream in self-discipline, in self-sacrifice, in the giving of our love and our time and sometimes the sacrificing of our happiness." He grew silent. After a moment she realized that he was praying, his head bowed, his eyes closed. She was embarrassed, thinking that she was an intrusion upon his privacy, but when a moment later he opened his eyes, he smiled with surprising shyness and said, "A very impressive cathedral, isn't it?" He left her there. She looked and saw that the sky had turned pink and coral and gray, and as the light of dawn was born in the sky, a new light was born within her, too. There was a new day before them and with it new hope, new possibilities. A thousand men before her, a thousand million people, had looked up at the reddening sky or had seen the fragile green budding of the trees in spring, had heard the sudden song of a bird winging skywar, and had felt hope rekindled in their breasts. The dark night was over, the long winter ended, God was still in his heaven. How plain, how often repeated those homilies, yet what succor they gave. A bird cried somewhere in the rocks above her, and now in the distant valley she could see the glow of campfires and the smoke rising from the brown bosom of the land. At last she turned and went down the path to the wagons. And she, child of the earth, felt a thrill of response within her. She was thousands of miles from France. Between here and there lay an entire continent and a vast ocean, and yet in her heart she suddenly felt that she had come home.”
“And to have a purpose, to be willing to die for a cause—was that the highest form of living?”
“A Special Prayer For Mothers To all the Mothers Who stand for what is right They work so hard Never let the weather dictate How they love their children Always there whenever needed Do what is best for loved ones Yes, they guide leaders on how to reign Cry out to God to save future generations As they plead for true liberation A reliable source of inspiration Not ordinary humans But special women Whom we call Moms Fighters of hunger Seekers of wellbeing Promoters of longevity Providers of stability Pioneers of societies Pillars of many countries Teachers of morals and values We pray for their blessings And breakthroughs in all they do! This is our special prayer for Mothers”
“You cannot inspire others if you imitate a walk that inspires you; If you can create a different inspiration by internalizing an inspiring walk and adding your own soul to it, then you will have an inspiring walk too!”
“The Sacred Place of A Loving Mother It felt so unreal The atmosphere surreal Yet, you had serenity As you said your final goodbyes With conviction, you waved at us Until you gave your last breath That was the end of you on Earth Years go by and I realise I hope to see you one more time So, I keep looking around Your departure left in me a gaping wound That wound sometimes bleeds No matter how much I try to hide it I cannot help but long for you Mommy Your beautiful smile calmed my nerves Your warm presence gave me calmness Your gentle kindness changed who I am Your wealth of wisdom helped me grow Your staunch support kept me strong Your sincere sacrifices brought me hope Your powerful prayers made me a conqueror If you could hear my voice I would whisper the words “I love you.” If you could see my face You would realise that I miss you If you could look at me now You would understand how much I need you If you could notice my tears I know you would wipe them there and there If you could get closer to me You would give me a hug and say, “It is okay.” Because right now, I feel it is not Mama! Deep in my heart, there is a vacuum A vacuum that no one can ever fill Every time I am at crossroads I wonder what you would say or do Living next to you was a great blessing You were an amazing parent to me And you will always be my inspiration In sadness, I recall how you prayed In happiness, I recount how you praised the Lord In the wilderness, I remember how you trusted God It is still hard to believe you are gone I will cherish you forever My loving Mother No one can ever take your sacred place”
“We have to tell stories to unriddle the world”
“Shared with Public Your adoration soothes the hearts Oh Beloved, Your light flows from my wounds while I taste the isolation in a sip of wine Sip after sip I leave the shadow of your creation towards the Absolute Consciousness”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will inspire others.”
“Sweet Beloved, free me Free me from myself Free me from their chains that chained my mind and squeezed my heart Free me from fear that paralyzed my freedom I am the rose which is prisoned by thorns I am the star that is surrounded with darkness I am your son calling you from the dark well I am waiting for your breeze to raise me in your bosom”
“Sharing our testimony helps us heal, but our story can be the motivation for healing in others' lives. You will be surprised when you hear another person tell a similar story of the very same battles you fought, and it helps you know you're not alone. It gives you hope that you, too, can heal and be courageous in your walk of faith. You are not alone, and there are others here with you.”
“If anyone needs a role model for inspiration in any field, then Messi is the Man.”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will symbolize victory and triumph that will inspire others on their journey.”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will portray victory and triumph that will inspire others on their journey.”
“Life is not a competition, it's a cocreation.”
“An organization that fails to enable, and hear, a diversity of voices is like preparing a multi-course meal using two ingredients. Sure, you might be able to fill a plate but without utilizing a full range of ingredients that provide richness, texture, and spice the resulting taste experience hardly pleases the palate.”
“A woman of God climbs mountains without any fear because she knows that the One, she knows will let her reach the mountaintop.”
“A woman of God will never impress others at the expense of her relationship with God.”
“A woman who knows God cries out to Him in times of distress and celebrates His goodness in times of joy.”
“She does not depend on her strength. She has resolute faith in the Lord because she is a woman of God.”
“A woman of faith does not care about naysayers. She understands that God has the final say.”
“A woman of faith does not dwell on her past mistakes. She walks past them and triumphs as if she never made mistakes.”
“A woman of faith does not fold her arms in idleness. She is like a soldier in the army, always ready to face the enemy.”
“A woman of faith does not settle for being a failure. She overcomes as if she has never failed before.”
“A woman of faith finds favour in the Lord. She does not go around looking for favours.”
“A woman of faith is never intimidated by what is happening around her. She knows that, beyond her belief, lie many breakthroughs.”
“Don't just get your foot in the door. Break that door down and make some real change.”
“When you get what you want that is God's direction. When you don't get what you want that is God's protection.”
“Emotions are at the very center of our existence, but they aren't the center of the world. There's nothing at the center of the world. So don't let your emotions control you, Akutagawa. Do not pursue the beast within you. Stand on your own two feet, rely only on yourself, and be as cold and tough as you can. You won't be able to survive in this world otherwise.”
“Do not sit back and relax, take the driving seat, put your safety seat belt and dare to take the risk because either it is today or never!!!”
“There is no limit to what one can ask of one's adolescent self".”
“The time to listen is when someone needs to be heard.   Above all, god's children should learn to listen, then listen to learn from the Lord. Quote from Russell M. Nelson: Father, Surgeon, Apostle”
“We have to start new every day, and sometimes, many times a day. Sometimes we just have to take a deep breath and start again.”
“My dreams are my inspirations.”
“ictims of human rights abuses should not suffer in silence. Their voices deserve to be heard, recognized, accepted, and celebrated. They have the right to stand up for themselves and ensure that they have a better quality of life than what they have experienced. People who degrade those who have been oppressed are ignorant and foolish. They fail to consider that evil that is dismissed is given the opportunity to develop into a very serious problem that can affect the lives of many people, including their own life.”
“Victims of human rights abuses should not suffer in silence. Their voices deserve to be heard, recognized, accepted, and celebrated. They have the right to stand up for themselves and ensure that they have a better quality of life than what they have experienced. People who degrade those who have been oppressed are ignorant and foolish. They fail to consider that evil that is dismissed is given the opportunity to develop into a very serious problem that can affect the lives of many people, including their own life.”
“I believe that self-defense is essential in protecting one’s well-being and dignity.”
“You can be anything you want in the world; just don't become a prisoner of hatred.”
“Your life will be more splendid than those who choose to become a prisoner of hatred. We must remove the hate in our hearts so there can only be love and compassion. Decide today that, no matter what, you will choose to live a life of love.”
“Honestly, I’ve wanted to give up a lot of times. But I worked hard. I believed I would succeed if I worked hard.”
“Even without abstract thought or metaphysical theorizing, just standing on two legs and using clubs gave mankind more than enough skill to win the race for survival on earth. These other abilities aren’t that necessary. And in exchange for our hyper-capable cerebral cortexes, of necessity we have to give up lots of other physical abilities. For example, dogs have a sense of smell several thousand times better than humans, and a sense of hearing tens of times better. But we’re able to amass complex hypotheses. We’re able to compare and contrast the cosmos and the microcosmos, and appreciate Van Gogh and Mozart. We can read Proust—if you want to, that is—and collect Koimari porcelain and Persian rugs. Not something a dog can do.”
“Either go left or right. You can't move in two directions at the same time.”
“My orders are to fight; Then if I bleed, or fail, Or strongly win, what matters it? God only doth prevail. The servant craveth naught Except to serve with might. I was not told to win or lose,– My orders are to fight.”
“A journal is a self-empowering, self-realizing map we create for ourselves to better our lives.”
“Inspiration is understanding that what the world has claimed as dead is nothing more than something that is waiting to be handed the opportunity to transform a world that is petrified of that very transformation.”
“In order to be creative, let your mind go, dream the impossible dream, and reach for the unexpected  Don't judge or limit yourself, or think of the technicalities.”
“My words are not for the rich businessmen and women, bureaucrats, fashion models, and other affluent people living in our world. My words are for the strugglers, and the fighters, who need them to continue the fight against injustice, oppression, inequality and discrimination against them by an insensitive world.”
“Bread ”
“It is my sincere wish that you have the support you require before you experience a serious wake-up call.”
“The road home is long and winding. And home is wherever YOU are.”
“Facing mortality is not for the faint of heart.”
“In the context of healing with L♥VE, it’s important to know that L♥VE is said to be the highest vibration and energy that moves through your heart, your mind, and your soul.”
“Energy and vibration matter. They are proven to impact everything. The energy you allow into your life impacts your frequency and vibration, and it’s important to be aware of this.”
“Here’s what I want YOU to know. Cancer isn’t necessarily a death sentence.”
“Two years prior to the cancer diagnosis, while sitting in my office, I received a Divine download that told me I would write a book about healing with love and it would be called Spiritual Sugar.”
“It’s important to focus on healing, not fighting, battling, or conquering. The language we use creates our reality”
“All of us humans are improvising how to live well in the Age of Awakening, ways that are new and simple and sacred.”
“I have grown to listen to the waves of my heart Not to the ripples others push through open waters The tide is high the spring inside is plentiful”
“Sometimes, when you're in the midst of tragedy—of heartbreak—it can be impossible to see the other side. It's like you're drowning beneath the weight of your emotions, memories, you very thoughts, but if you just keep going, keep swimming, then eventually you make it to shore. You're tired, but stronger, and look at yourself in a new light. I think it's our tendency to doubt ourselves, to think we're weaker than what we are, but there's more in all of us than we realize.”
“Death doesn't have to be seen as this scary thing. It's a beautiful reminder that each of our breaths, each heartbeat, is a gift to cherish.”
“Changing the world starts with you”
“How could someone know exactly who they are?”
“You'll never be able to escape the hawks or the crows.”
“Anything which elevates the mind is sublime, and elevation of mind is produced by the contemplation of greatness of any kind, whether of matter, space, power, beauty or virtue.”
“always the beginning is what tough the rest is just timing counting progress”
“Words give me hope my mind find peace, only the words can heal Tranquility is there, that's what I feel.”
“Passion drives people who are truly connected to their reason for living. - Confessions of an Accidental Lawyer”
“Every story you choose to tell has the potential to make another person’s life better.”
“Each of us has the power to positively affect a fellow human being with our story. We might broaden a perspective, open a new door to success, improve someone’s work life, help them through a moment of crisis, or make them bit happier or healthier thanks to our story. Share your dream of a better tomorrow, and invite others to join you in that dream.”
“People don’t just buy products today; they also buy visions of a better tomorrow.”
“Illegal arrest, illegal warrants and seizure are a bit more than an issue.”
“The day you will start loving yourself, No one else's love will be needed that day!”
“Happy people don’t compare themselves with others. If they like something in another person, it inspires them to do something a little different in themselves. They don’t waste energy on jealousy.”
“Sometimes, you have to hold another person and seek comfort and that's ok. It doen't make you weak to need human touch”
“We're going to make mistakes and do things we regret. But it doesnt mean we're horrible people.”
“Just because it's not what you expected doesn't mean it's wrong”
“I channeled the people's choices with my every move and desire, so everything I did was righteous.”
“Tournant le dos à la versification savante, il y a une poésie de la simplicité. On la trouve à chaque coin de bosquet ou de rue, sur tous les chemins creux et parfois même au milieu du brouhaha des réunions publiques. Cette poésie, c'est celle qui parle sans chichi, sans filtre culturel, celle qui provient du cœur, celle que l'on émet sous forme de comptine, mais aussi, et pourquoi pas, sous forme d'adage et de leçons populaires, ou bien encore de limericks lorsque le goût de la satire, du non-sens ou de la provocation dévale la pente des phrases.”
“His lack of will eroded his deep features and took from him everything he loved or that people loved about him. A zombie had more drive. A vegetable had more insight. A rock had more resolve.”
“worldly even if everyone got what they wanted, there's no good in it at the end will demise, but strive and work for the hereafter, it's your chance in front of the land of justice, I have not seen tyranny, where's the sword where's the hat?”
“The unselfish part of us can help us understand others better.”
“You can stay and the world stays with you—right with you.”
“When you're inside of your home, it should feel like your sanctuary. A haven for comfort, inspiration, safety, and love. Invest in ways to create that type of atmosphere for yourself. Aesthetically and security-wise.”
“A healthy dose of pain and discomfort is required to balance out all the highs of live embrace the challenge!”
“There are two reasons someone might follow a leader: Obligation or inspiration. Obligation is when you have to follow a leader. Inspiration is when you want to follow a leader.”
“Люба Недо. Усе це завжди заради того, щоб ти сміялася. Завжди”
“Be at your peace and take life less serious. You'll live longer”
“There should be no shame in openly saying, I want this. There should be no shame in not knowing what one wants.”
“You are more than the sum of your traumas”
“Don’t only ask who will inspire you, but also ask how you can become a positive inspiration for others. If all people, or at least most people, embraced this attitude, our world would be a much more interesting and much less gloomy place.”
“Effort is never looked down on by those who deserve it.”
“I've always found the best people in the worst places.”
“No project will go perfectly, nor will the end result be perfect, but as long as you had fun, that’s what matters most.”
“It’s in the rest where you see your struggles. It’s in the moment of reckoning where a change can be a choice. A choice to return to the values that mirror your highest self. The return to you — when you make the powerful choice not to quit, but to rest.”
“Developing quotations often sparks inspiration!”
“It's a nice thing to cook for yourself.”
“تعلم الحب من الطبيعة الحسناء، إنها جميلة لأنها تصنع الجمال ،قوية لأنها تصنع القوة ،إنها مرآة نورها المنعش العميق لا ينسى ولا يخفى لأنها شديدة الإمتنان والتضحيات لوجودها في الحياة، إنها مرآة لا يبدو عليها الجهل والكفر، مؤمنة ،متطورة، تفهم معاني التطور في الحياة، تتعلم بسرعة لأنها كثيرة العطاء.”
“What's your favorite color?" "My favorite color?" I hum under my breath. "Yellow, I guess. Well, it's not really yellow." I tilt my head up to look directly at the center of the sun, feeling the burn of the light searing into my irises. "You know when the sun is at its highest in the sky and when you stare into it, it's the brightest white but the softest yellow? That. It looks how I imagine blinding hope and freedom of possibility would, if we all lived without limitations and expectations.”
“Live in your identity, not your history.”
“Accept yourself as a beginner and use your mistakes to your advantage.”
“We all have our little gardens of dead dreams, don't we? And sometimes we still try to water and tend those gardens, long after we should know nothing will ever grow there.”
“[Dream that lead to real-life invention] A man was in a jungle surrounded by saages. They were coming menacingly close to him, their spears rising, then descending. Each spear had a hole in the tip. When he awoke he saw this dream as the answer to a problem that had him stymied: how to design a sewing machine. He could make the needle rise and descend, but not sew - until his dream told him to put the hole at the tip. The man was Elias Howe, who invented the first practical sewing machine.”
“To be a genius you must be a madman for. Your art ~”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth  This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, and focus on living fully in the present.”
“The future is today, the past is today's outcome”
“We each receive guidance in whatever form we are most open to at any given moment.”
“Set aside a specific time each day to meditate and tune into what your soul's wisdom has to share about the topic you are currently exploring. You can do this by simply connecting with your breath, softening your heart, and opening to whatever is revealed to you.”
“The many ways in which Spirit gets our attention are like a brilliant tapestry--this for you, that for me.”
“If you are waiting for a message, know that it is already moving through you. You do not have to think. You do not have to know. You do not have to understand. All you have to do is release and go with the flow.”
“You life doesn't end because you have made mistakes. You can make amends regardless of the circumstances, or world views. Set the trend.”
“Hiding your pain is the worst lie you can tell yourself. Be honest with your feelings. Never be afraid to tell people how you feel about the way they treat you. Your truth is your power. #Healfromwithin”
“Even a king must submit to great art.”
“Martin Luther King Jr., on April 4, 1967, at the Riverside Church, he speaks out against the Vietnam War. People push back against King. They tell him he's not patriotic. In that speech, he says that there comes a time when silence is betrayal. He says he's about to say this criticism because he loves the country, not because he hates the country. He also, in the same speech, says America is the greatest purveyor of violence in the world. But he says it's going to be a bitter but beautiful struggle to transform America, because he says the goal of America is freedom. Now, that's perfect. That's brilliant. That's beautiful. He's telling us all the different sides of our country and he's inspiring us to do something about it - right? - but he's also not calling us villains. He's saying that we can actually transform and create and build this beloved community. But King wants us to tell the story of poor people, farm workers. He wants us to end militarization and materialism and racism. So what I think, again, I think everything comes down to storytellers and the story, everything. And I - and I'm serious about that. And so we need to tell ourselves a different story about America.”
“The vindictive flames of the sun scared me. But the fear of the great yellow eye paled compared to my body's longing for food, warmth, and someone to maybe understand me. Embrace. Grateful embrace. The warm touch of another human. That was my new goal if I ever needed one in the first place.”
“The greatest feeling in the world to me is triumph.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“These eyes  hypnotize!”
“Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!”
“Happiness is the cutest emotion I flaunt with pride”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“Red is the Colour I LOVE   coz Red is the Colour of LOVE”
“Magic Lasts Longer When Shared”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“There is always a Reason, when its the Season so lets smile together”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade”
“I am extreme in everything I do Can immensely love and can immensely hate U choose”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Love is the only reason behind my glow”
“Fashion is always an instant language  easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“I dont just have to be perfect I have to be me”
“My eyes speak another language, you just need super powers to read it”
“We are all travelers in this journey of life, and we must carry kindness in our baggage!”
“when we’re experiencing difficulties it’s also important to remember that the struggles won’t last forever and that the goals we set mattered to us for a reason.”
“May you be filled with love, peace, patience, strength, and courage to face the rest of the day. No matter what happens you can restore balance through taking a moment to focus on your breath, gratitude, and positive thoughts.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are ! . . . Words of Wisdom take or leave!”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“We all glow differently!”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely  U choose Danger or Love?”
“They say eyes reflect reality I believe it!”
“Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!”
“Me Right Now lol  Takes 1 Snapchat Selfie and deletes 100 normal selfies…”
“Coz Black is Beautiful!”
“Feel the Vibe ?”
“Even very good activities can become very exhausting activities when we do them to convince ourselves and others that we are worthy of being loved.”
“When you customize things your way, you will like them more.”
“It takes more than one woman to do things differently It takes a world of them”
“We spend most of our conscious waking day with our attention on the external environment and functioning in Beta [brain wave state]. [ ] [Fast Beta-wave states are the realm of the conscious mind]. Slow brain-wave states are the realm of the subconscious. [ ] [For example, slower] Alpha waves are created in the creative, imaginative state. [ ] [When your brain is in high Beta it] isn’t in creative mode [nor meditative, nor inspiration mode, nor receptive more]; it’s fixated on survival. [ ] The brain in high Beta can’t easily shift gears into the imaginary realm of Alpha [or deeper into the subconscious]. [ ] If you’re constantly analyzing (I call this “being in analytical mind”), you are in Beta and you’re not able to enter into the subconscious mind. [ ] [Meditation slows down the brain waves and takes you out of Beta state]. Meditation Takes Us from Beta into Alpha and Theta Brain-Wave States. [ ] Meditation Takes Us Beyond Analytical Mind and into the Subconscious. [ ]. [It] opens the door between the conscious and subconscious minds. We meditate to enter the operating system of the subconscious, where all of those unwanted habits and behaviors reside, and change them to more productive modes to support us in our lives.”
“The most expensive thing that you can buy in the most densely populated places on the planet is distance.”
“When you get home this evening, when this day is over and the night takes us, allow yourself a deep breath because we made it through this day as well. There will be another one along tomorrow.”
“God can not save you from knifes and stones dear, that is why we are here - to save each other.”
“The only thing you have to do in this life is to toil.”
“The best leaders demonstrate by exemplary lifestyles.”
“A mãe teve reuniões com vários professores. ( ) «Robert vive num mundo construído por ele. Eu sei que ele é meu filho, mas por vezes tenho a sensação de que ele veio não de mim e do meu marido, mas de algum outro lugar para onde tenta voltar. ( )»”
“Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“You have seen me fall; now see me rise.”
“Students need a teacher who inspires them. When students view their teacher as inspirational, it increases their appetite for learning.”
“When students are inspired, they’ll do anything to gain new knowledge and understanding. They will seek to learn even more than the teacher seeks to facilitate learning.”
“इम्तेहान इंसान का हौसला जांचने आते हैं । वे तराशते हैं, जिंदगी का सलीका सिखाते हैं और दोबारा लौटने का भरोसा दे कर आगे बढ़ जाते हैं ।”
“परिश्रमी लोगों के लिए काम करना ख़ुशी का सबब होता है । चुनौतियां उन्हें थकाने नहीं, उर्जावान बनाने का काम करती हैं ।”
“Anyone who expects you to justify a concern for your personal well-being, or shames you for making decisions that are in your best interest, is either deceiving and manipulating you, in an effort to preserve their own security, or they're operating on the basis of irrational ideals that they never bothered to consider, and are honestly unconscious of their hypocrisy; either way, the only person you owe anything to, is you.”
“All our lives, men tell us how we should be. Women should be small and delicate, submissive and silent. We’re supposed to be well-behaved and obedient. Don’t take up too much space. Smile, blush, walk this way, dance like that, conduct yourself with poise and grace. Well, piss on that, honey. This makeup is your war paint. These fine silk clothes are your armor. You are beautiful and fierce, because those two things? They aren’t mutually exclusive , Rixxis.”
“Most of the humankind behaves cleverly, and this appearance suppresses its natural intelligence, which acts only in freedom.”
“There is no magic except that which lives within you!”
“Always pursue glory. Shine like the stars. Burn up with ambition. Shed your old skin. Try, try, and try again. Fail, fail, and fail again. But fail better, and one day you will not fail at all.”
“But as I think of it, I just don't want love to look like you. I want it to be you. ”
“I do not have much idea about love, but it would be nice to believe it’s the totality of you.”
“And then I realized that sometimes it was God who planted such seed in my heart; to care, to love, to hope. Even it hurts a lot right now, enduring what God had planted in our hearts, do know that we are being taught with a lesson. And that lesson will make us a better person, maybe even the best version.”
“For, true inspiration always came from a source beyond our own reality.”
“Transformation in any aspect of our life will never happen if we do not resolve to think, act and behave differently; that actually is an inner true change that manifests outwardly and can never be faked.”
“One way of motivating yourself towards implementing your idea is to ask yourself; what and how much would I lose if the idea is practicable, doable, and feasible but I lacked the guts to act and push it to reality?”
“Trust God from the bottom of your heart; don’t try to figure out everything on your own. Listen for God’s voice in everything you do, everywhere you go; He’s the one who will keep you on track”
“How you live now determines the kind of life you will live & have from now,for if you keep doing the same things then expect the same results.”
“Inspiration comes from imagination!”
“Inspire one and inspire another, inspire me to look for me and embraces me.”
“Master your character while nobody is watching in privacy and the behavior will follow when everybody looks at you in public.”
“Money as a medium of exchange actually represents somebody's portion of his or her life; to obtain it they exchanged goods, services, time, effort, skill, or talent. To acquire it means they are willing to exchange some portion of their life, so it has to be worth the exchange.”
“My son, there are certain things, once you begin, you might not be able to stop; so you rather don't begin them, you have only one life to live.”
“Our problem is not the government,other people,the rich or the economy this we can't control but we sure can control our own minds. We perish for lack of knowledge so start learning & keep learning.Remember even what you know is useless if not used.”
“Something always went wrong in life. The science of living- and it was a science, mind you- mainly entailed learning how to adapt to the wrongs of everyday suffering.”
“Like the moon of night in the sky, there is still a hope that shines in the darkness of life, even in many shimmering confusions.”
“Life is govern by principles not by how you feel.Just image a farmer who does not sow his seeds & decides that he is going throw them on the roof because he feels so, well he is sure not going to have a harvest.”
“The Universe always conspires to inspire." A'na's Gift (Pieces to the Puzzle) 2022 by Sherri Bridges Fox”
“Solitude is a decision we make, and loneliness might be implied, but it doesn't have to be chosen; it's just one of the interpretations available.”
“My life's vision is to set an example for the youth”
“In my journey through the ever-changing seasons of life, I have learnt that winter is inevitably followed by a gorgeous spring and every spell of rain gives way to brilliant sunshine. What’s more, I have learnt that winter snow and drenching showers can be beautiful too. We just need the right eyes to look at them.”
“At dawn   the sky is milky white with big marshmallow clouds forming over the mountains. On a spring morning, the air is so crisp and clean that it almost tickles when you take a deep breath.   No matter where you live, adventure is lurking.”
“There is no religion without love, and people may talk as much as they like about their religion, but if it does not teach them to be good and kind to man and beast, it is all a scam.”
“Limitations are style if you make them so.”
“The ideas, that are currently permeating your mind, are your golden tickets towards a life that you have always desired. These sparks of inspiration aren't a figment of your imagination. In fact, they have been divinely sent to you for very important reasons. Planted in your head like a seed that needs nurturing. This is your sign to pursue what came to your mind while reading this. It is not a coincidence.”
“A cup, as in life, should not be over filled for it is a waste. Should there be too little, you will be left thirsty and never quench your thirst. Yet a cup, which is almost filled, will let you drink and yet you may still leave some for later.”
“إن رحلتنا الحقيقية في هذه الحياة هي أن نسير إلى جانب النور, ومعركتنا الكبرى ألا نستسلم للظلام الذي يدعونا كل يوم إلى جانبه بجنوده وأغوانه”
“Memorisation comes from the head but meditation is from the heart.”
“Inspiration has no deadlines.”
“Nothing else matters except sitting down every day and trying…Because when we sit down day after day and keep grinding, something mysterious starts to happen… we become like a magnetized rod that attracts iron filings. Ideas come. insights accrete.”
“Without trials, there is no trust in the trustworthy Lord.”
“Seek deep meanings first; don't always seek happiness, the more you seek happiness, the more you'll always seek it.”
“One’s mouth is either a pit by which to fall down, or a mountain by which to raise up. A pit can not be a mountain, nor a mountain a pit. Train the mind and heart and train your mouth to raise up.”
“Psychology is human behaviour towards self, Sociology is human behaviour towards society and Economics is human behaviour towards economy." Dr Lloyd Magangeni”
“Our world has no place for cowards.”
“I'm in the business of useless beauty," he says. "And I'm happy with that. " "I don't think art needs an excuse to exist. We need beauty in our lives, so we don't go mad.”
“I’m not different, I’m just not like you.”
“You should have to wait for inspiration.' 'I'd rather make inspiration wait for me. If one has a gift, it should be one's servant and not one's master,' said Doris meditatively. 'The only way to accomplish good and thorough work is to have some kind of method.”
“What is worth living for if not something worth dying for?" - Angus Og Macdonald in Bound by Honor”
“Grab onto life and live it well. Don’t sit and watch it pass by, and don’t overindulge. Never shy away from a challenge or hard work or improvement on all fronts. Fuse your intellect and will together to create an edifice the gods themselves would envy.”
“There is no purer joy like daily praise.”
“I write because I wish to make for ideas, which are my ideas, a place in the world. If I could foresee that these ideas must take from you peace of mind and repose, if in these ideas that I sow I should see the germs of bloody wars and even the cause of the ruins of many generations, I would nevertheless continue to spread them. It is neither for the love of you nor even for the love of truth that I express what I think. No—I sing! I sing because I am a singer. If I use you in this way, it is because I have need of your ears.”
“Regardless of one's destination, all roads lead home.”
“At Hennie’s home in Worcester, in true South Africa style, we braaied choppies, Boerewors, chicken, and braaibroodtjies along with a few different types of salads and dessert, which included Peppermint Tart with vanilla ice-cream. My day started when I learned that my hart se punt is an expression to reaffirm exactly how much we love something or someone. My day ended by learning that love is a measurement of how much our heart can hold. The type of love that makes you feel propvol because the area is completely filled up. And that’s the type of love that helps us to understand expressions of love that we have never considered before since love gives us the confidence to understand that love can’t be contained into little bottles or containers of security. Love is an ever-flowing emotion much like a running river that inspires us as it sweeps across our lives, and it covers everything with its inspiration simply called my hart se punt. A point that reminds us that we’re not that special, love is our universal gift. A point that always pulls us toward our heart’s True North, even when can’t initially see the blessing that is hiding past the weight of the cross. An anchor of truth that’s freeing, as it pulls us toward our life’s highest purpose to be made whole, not perfect, through love’s grace that is simply called  Die Punt, The Point.”
“Our soul is a lot like the African elephant’s memory. Our soul intuitively remembers where it has buried the richest part of our life’s story even in the future chapters that haven’t been written yet by the light of our awareness. The soul knows. It remembers. It never forgets. The process of remembering becomes a lesson for us in the power of surrendering our limited perspective that only see what’s in front of us, and what we think may be waiting for us in some future moment. However, our soul sees deep into the distance of some future horizon of a time period that is waiting on the gift of time to mature to its fullness, to blossom on its own – outside of our own expectations and envisioned dreams because it is all part of our life’s predetermined story; a script carved in infinite time. That process of remembering becomes a lesson in the divine gift of believing, believing that the next moment is there waiting on us because our soul has already visited this path before, yet the lesson in it for us is that any future moment remains always just out of our reach, as we entrust our soul’s strength of memory to guide us on blind faith and firm footing to where our story needs to go to encourage our highest learning potential. We will thus forever be known by the tracks that we refollow when we follow the memory of our soul’s original path left on the dust of time. A lesson inspired by the mighty African elephant in what it means to surrender to life ”
“Veld, that space within most South African hearts that mirrors the open expanse of land where the greatness of life resides in the vastness of grasslands captured in the imaginations of wanderers and adventurer seekers alike when we stop our overthinking and optimize our ability to enjoy life’s unscripted moments that are wide-open and usually – right in front of us. Veld, a word for the miracle of newness and the appreciation for the life that is waiting to be lived, one grass blade at a time, and a lesson for humans in appreciating the fullness of life’s abundance when we slowdown the pace of our own world to absorb the miracles happening all around us – at any given moment. Veld, although this word literally means an open expanse, that is what life around us is truly about – an open expanse of miracles just waiting on us for our sense to mature… The magic of South Africa, a spell that will leave your heart as open as the veld and the expanse beyond that. A lesson in feeling small…”
“While improvement in your habits and actions is a life-long process, the desire to achieve it can thus be sparked in a moment.”
“Indwelling Inspiration is the God-breathed process in which the Spirit of God generates the very words of God through or intimately near the messenger. The inspiration process mysteriously breathes through the personality of the messenger.”
“Progressive revelation does not just join parts but joins prophets together to proclaim the same message in an ever-widening and deepening way.”
“Our life is like seasons, sometimes there is sunshine and sometimes there is rain. But there is always going to be the night to calm it down and eventually a bright new day.”
“We need each other more than ever. We cannot get through it alone, find the hope to move forward and do all we need to do alone, find the joy and beauty alone to have the incentive to find the hope.”
“I’m a rebel in the game of chance I have learned to enjoy the spiritual dance I have yearned to speak the language of truth I have the power to inspire our youth”
“Like a fighter pilot that goes full throttle, Like a bullet train that wants to lead, Like an inspiring game of spin the bottle, I desired creativity and its unique speed. Like a lady who walks with dignity and pride, Like a gentleman who stands by justice and truth, Like a loose cannon with a constructive attitude, I treasured the power of gratitude.”
“Simple things. We want to be able to appreciate a beautiful day. We long for that pulse-pounding joy of looking across a room and seeing our friends. We want to capture some of that childlike wonder where the world is a mystery, and every time we step out the door, there's an adventure just waiting around the corner.”
“• Utilize science to help others lessen effects of painful memories • Experience new cultures, languages, lifestyles, and countries • Help others (and yourself) avoid/overcome identity theft, burnout, bankruptcy, and divorce”
“Don’t blame me for your mediocrity it’s not my fault you lack integrity”
“Love can make the world come together Opening our hearts to the future Only love can make the world come together Come together, changing the weather”
“We find out what is obvious We discover what is curious At last the puzzle has been solved Into dreams that evolved”
“Choose words wisely, wisely you will learn The manner in which we choose to express Determines the outcome of this game of chess”
“Is this how we want to live our lives Is this how we want to shape our archives Angry and bitter from moments that left us empty Forgetting why we ever thought it was a good decision To get stuck tied down in the wrong kind of vision”
“Hope appears as a distant stranger Where ghosts are quiet and lack strength Unaware that they will confront danger When ideas start to display their length”
“Within the dimensions of an infinite dance, Lives a crowd that looks for a unique tree, It serenades hearts to join its trance, So they can swim in the beautiful blue sea”
“I think that negative Emotions have their place Confusion Anger Sadness Fear They have their place They set a pace Each unraveling a unique face And it’s up to our choices Whether we learn from their voices”
“Choices: a way to display The full spectrum of our voices. Every choice is a voice. I love thinking about what else Displays our voices because that Sort of mentality leads To the truth of our existence As well as how to Infiltrate the consciousness Behind ideas.”
“That’s what you say That I’m different And unique Right? Am I right? Because that is me I always fight I fight and fight and fight all day Long after everyone has left And gone away Long after there is no play”
“But I do roll the dice Because I refuse to play nice Is that perhaps because I know How simple things matter Like a plate and some rice? Is that why I’m made of equal parts Fire and stone cold ice? I have seen the Devil once, you know He tried to strengthen and grow”
“So my dear That is why I rhyme Why I waste no time Because I see what others Will not dare I’m willing to question authority Because I’m bold and I care That’s why you say I’m rare”
“I screamed until all of it became clear They wouldn’t stand in my path Because they carried strong fear That I could cause them wrath And destroy what they held dear So they moved out of my way And I smiled a wide open grin Because it was the start of a new day Where good would beat evil and sin”
“iconic women travel the world charming others with their beauty their distinct personality leaves a mark on everyone who is around because a warm and genuine smile has a special kind of style”
“One glance brought you to your knees It was like a trip on a rocket to the moon She threw away fear’s locks and keys By playing to the magic of her own tune”
“The iron lady took you on a wild ride Filled with courage, ambition, and passion Her inner compass served as her guide So being classy became a timeless fashion “The Iron Lady” is dedicated to the 50,000 Bosniak women that were raped during the Bosnian Genocide. A special thank you to Bosnian activists Nusreta Sivac and Bakira Hasečić for inspiring me to be a fierce feminist.”
“Love gives us the motivation to keep moving forward. It sheds light on the darkness of trauma so that triumph can prevail. I firmly believe that creativity and its inherent beauty would help change the world for the better if more countries, cultures, and people embraced this sort of mentality. There is a profound richness of experience that is shared within having a sense of community. It unifies the human condition by emphasizing pleasure’s treasure!”
“Deep and clear ideas Have a way of coming true They sense every single clue I always seek to discover Options and their subtle borders I know their kind never accepts orders”
“Why be human when you can be a god?”
“We've all got them, the lighters of the way, those mythological wonders who glow in our dark.”
“One day you will be proud that you did not give up on your dreams when pursuing them was full of challenges. Until then, keep on pushing forward.”
“Know which change you want to see in your life, plan how to make that change, and take action to make things happen.”
“Choose the life you want to live and plan and take action to live that life.”
“Look forward to the future you desire and not backward at the past you did not want to have.”
“He who works shall have what he wills.”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be…”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“The strongest, the most intelligent, the most successful of men is not worthy of being called a Man if he is devoid of courage!”
“If it's not difficult, if it's not challenging, if it's not going to demand the most from me, if it's not practically impossible to achieve, please don't call me.”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are ”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel ”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life…”
“No one should persecute someone because of their differences in opinion on the matter. However, without reasoning, there will be no progression.”
“Last night's dream was a draft for later ”
“Things don't happen at the speed of thought, but they must be thought of to make them happen. Dream and believe in your dream: in this consists all the magic of the universe.”
“If someone wants your harm and happens to hurt you, don't let yourself be shaken and smile: being happy is the best revenge.”
“In sport, there are champions and there are heroes. Champions win because they are good at what they do and take particular advantage of their victories. Heroes win when least expected, overcome their own limits, and when they receive their laurels they share their victories with an entire nation.”
“If you try and believe, it may not happen, but if you don't try and believe, it certainly won't happen.”
“No, I don't look like a champion. If I were a racehorse, no one would bet a dime on me. But I run and, oddly enough, I always get where I want to go.”
“Life is grateful for those who have the courage to change, And if you have courage, and do things with love and a little daring, you will see that it is possible to make even the sweetest of dreams come true.”
“The accomplishment of every extraordinary deed consists in having a dream and believing in it.”
“Make your life a beautiful poem!”
“The time to be happy is now. Time and life don't wait!”
“Whenever a man cowers, he loses his inner peace, diminishes himself before himself, and makes the oppressor gigantic.”
“Some people want to be exactly where you are, but they don't want to pay the price you paid to be where you are.”
“You have the right to be sad, and the duty to move on. Only wins who wipes the tears, gathers strength, and moves on.”
“Dissimulation is a very feminine art. A woman who never dissembles must be trying to look something else.”
“My mother personally knew Nusreta Sivac, who was held, tortured, and raped at the camp for two months. I admire Nusreta’s extraordinary courage and fortitude in enduring the horror of genocide and speaking boldly about her experiences. She is a champion for women’s rights and a hero of the Bosnian people. She motivated and vehemently advocated for justice by persuading other Bosniak rape victims to come forward and take legal action against their perpetrators. Thanks to Nusreta’s efforts, rape in the context of war is categorized as a war crime under international law. She was instrumental in helping convict her rapist and bringing him to justice. She was continually raped for two months in captivity. Sivac also spent years collecting evidence and testimonies from rape survivors and constructing legal cases which were presented to the ICTY. For centuries, rape was considered a byproduct of war. Are women just considered spoils of war? Her contributions are a powerful achievement because they mark the first time in history that an international court convicted war crimes solely for sexual violence. I applaud Nusreta for being a pioneer.”
“I can’t get over the things I felt When I discovered your scent on the boardwalk Yeah, it made me smile hard With your name, written in chalk And when you look up, just remember me Yeah, ‘cause I’m your heart guard”
“My smile is big and speaks of love I carry it around like a silky glove When you turn and look at me What do you see, what do you see”
“Question why we have certain attitudes towards professions/moods: 1) Corrupt politician 2) Vain movie star 3) Disgruntled employee 4) Mean classmate 5) Greedy banker 6) Deep writer 7) Sad poet Why do we apply these moods to people from these occupations? Where does this desire to criticize stem from? Why are we more critical of some occupations more than others? Since when have stereotypes existed? Why do we typically utilize them in a negative manner?”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart ”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all ”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Rise higher when you fall  be confident to face it all  and focus on making the impossible possible!”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow…”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality ”
“Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality ”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be ”
“The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!”
“Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be ”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success ”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy ”
“Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it ”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be…”
“Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.”
“Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life ”
“Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith ”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough ”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life ”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life ”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing ”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself…”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself ”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life…”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent ”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“Love does not self-destruct; we congest it with hostile disputes and erode it with hollow assurances.”
“Surround yourself with people who make you happy, folks who reliably care about you. They are the ones that are worthy of custody in your life.”
“The greatest witness we can give another is grace. Showing mercy and grace is a privilege. Do you have the capacity to exhibit this?”
“Time moves with a vengeance, so the personal vendetta is yours – feel anything but deprived when your time ends.”
“The same wind blows on us all, winds of disaster, opportunity, change and zeal. However, it is not the blowing wind that determines our direction in life but the fundamental task of setting our sails.”
“Refrain from feeling sorry for the abuser as this is not love. Love is a verb. Love acts as love is.”
“Of all the animals that fly, some are like floating flowers (butterflies), some are songbirds that are full of gulp (swallows), and some are swimming birds that also run marathons (ducks). When I compose music to be performed live in an elevator, those are my inspirations.”
“The things you did not receive are the ones you were ready to compromise on.”
“Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“It is assignment that determines your attainment in life.”
“Добре,че са животните ,за да ни научат на човещинка  It's good that they are the animals to teach us humanity.”
“Confidence, growth, success, inspiration, love, everything is within us only. Just we need a terrible jerk of something to prepare ourselves for this life.”
“Give me great sinners to make great saints; they are glorious raw material for grace to work upon; and when you do get them saved, they will shake the very gates of hell. The ringleaders in Satan’s camp make noble sergeants in the camp of Christ. These bravest of the brave are they.”
“How do you stop yourself from being your own worst critic? It’s simple. You achieve things. You fulfill your potential. In the end, you only regret the things you didn’t do. People’s lives are ruined by all the moping around they do, worrying about wasting their lives. Worrying about wasting your life is exactly how you waste your life. Instead of worrying, you should be doing stuff   CONSTANTLY, and then you will have constant achievements, constant things to be proud of, and no one else will have what you have.”
“within you there is a power you haven’t tapped into yet. Within you is a potential you haven’t even scratched the surface of. But aren’t you sick of living in your potential and not living out your potential?”
“So yes, come as you are, but be prepared that you aren’t going to stay here. Transformation is coming. And it’s coming because it’s necessary.”
“What I didn’t realize then was that an upgraded version of my life would require an upgraded version of me.”
“Your awakening to live a different life can be right now, today, simply because you don’t like where you’re headed. That is enough. So, can your rock bottom be right here? Right now?”
“The LORD is with them whose hearts are fully committed to him.”
“When I expect to achieve nothing, ideas come. Putting two things together that are unrelated gives me an idea. I make lots of little works instead of undertaking a big one. I will never be done with literature.”
“Time How I long for yesterday How I appreciate today How I look forward for tomorrow Without you, There will not be me. Without you, There is no chance for me. Without you, There is no more hope for me. You have given me memories of the past. You have given me opportunities to live now. You have given me dreams to live tomorrow.”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!”
“Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more ”
“Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“Happiness is not a path it is a destination.”
“Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!”
“Make your soul happy by doing simple things.”
“Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains ”
“Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!”
“Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!”
“Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“If you Seek you shall Find  Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!”
“A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within ”
“Only a man who knows what he's missing can appreciate what makes him complete.”
“I was in awe at how many people told me that they needed to hear those words. Everytime I feel I want to give up writing and performing, I find new meaning. The poem "I Love Me" is about self acceptance, awareness, respect, care, healing and discovery of self. Look in the mirror today & say I Love Me . and mean it. Self Love is a celebration because you are the only one doing the validating.”
“Who were we to tell Roz to stick with teaching - that she was already living her best life? But it was dismal to imagine the Brownswood kids going to school and not being taught by Mrs. Gill anymore. Mrs. Gill, who sent Em home every week with essays covered in glowing comments, which in turn made Em glow. Mrs. Gill, who'd bullied and enlightened me, restored my confidence and made me feel that anything was possible. Teachers like her and Sarah Boleyn were precious, should be feted and put in magazines like Hollywood stars. Maybe then they wouldn't want to do other things.”
“Dreams are the things that remind us that our lives do not need to be lived within the confines of our doubts.”
