“We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.”
“Don't think or judge, just listen.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever . connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”
“Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.”
“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”
“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.”
“We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.”
“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
“There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.”
“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!”
“They say a good love is one that sits you down, gives you a drink of water, and pats you on top of the head. But I say a good love is one that casts you into the wind, sets you ablaze, makes you burn through the skies and ignite the night like a phoenix; the kind that cuts you loose like a wildfire and you can't stop running simply because you keep on burning everything that you touch! I say that's a good love; one that burns and flies, and you run with it!”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“You can be the most beautiful person in the world and everybody sees light and rainbows when they look at you, but if you yourself don't know it, all of that doesn't even matter. Every second that you spend on doubting your worth, every moment that you use to criticize yourself; is a second of your life wasted, is a moment of your life thrown away. It's not like you have forever, so don't waste any of your seconds, don't throw even one of your moments away.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.”
“People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!”
“Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.”
“You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Dare to love yourself as if you were a rainbow with gold at both ends.”
“Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“When you go through a hard period, When everything seems to oppose you,   When you feel you cannot even bear one more minute, NEVER GIVE UP! Because it is the time and place that the course will divert!”
“The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”
“I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway  let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.”
“My Life is My Message”
“Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.”
“You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“Things end. People leave. And you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how would you be able to feel the good ones?”
“But hoping," he said, "is how the impossible can be possible after all.”
“If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.”
“The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“It's time to start living the life you've imagined.”
“May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.”
“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“I've come to believe that there exists in the universe something I call "The Physics of The Quest" — a force of nature governed by laws as real as the laws of gravity or momentum. And the rule of Quest Physics maybe goes like this: "If you are brave enough to leave behind everything familiar and comforting (which can be anything from your house to your bitter old resentments) and set out on a truth-seeking journey (either externally or internally), and if you are truly willing to regard everything that happens to you on that journey as a clue, and if you accept everyone you meet along the way as a teacher, and if you are prepared – most of all – to face (and forgive) some very difficult realities about yourself  then truth will not be withheld from you." Or so I've come to believe.”
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!”
“Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.”
“When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.”
“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“Life is never made unbearable by circumstances, but only by lack of meaning and purpose.”
“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”
“Scars are just another kind of memory.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.”
“One of the most scariest thing in life is when you come to the realization that the only thing that can save you is yourself”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“And I told him, I said: "One day you're going to miss the subway because it's not going to come. One of these days, it's going to break down and it's not going to come around and everyone else will just wait for the next one or will take the bus, or walk, or run to the next station: they will go on with their lives. And you're not going to be able to go on with your life! You'll be standing there, in the subway station, staring at the tube. Why? Because you think that everything has to happen perfectly and on time and when you think it's going to happen! Well guess what! That's not how things happen! And you'll be the only one who's not going to be able to go on with life, just because your subway broke down. So you know what, you've got to let go, you've got to know that things don't happen the way you think they're going to happen, but that's okay, because there's always the bus, there's always the next station you can always take a cab.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.”
“Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him.”
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”
“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Hearts may break, but hearts are the toughest of muscles, able to pump for a lifetime, seventy times a minute, and scarcely falter along the way. Even dreams, the most delicate and intangible of things, can prove remarkably difficult to kill.”
“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”
“You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.”
“True beauty, the kind that doesn't fade or wash off, takes time. It takes incredible endurance. It is the slow drip that creates the stalactite, the shaking of the Earth that creates mountains, the constant pounding of the waves that breaks up the rocks and smooths the rough edges. And from the violence, the furor, the raging of the winds, the roaring of the waters, something better emerges, something that would have otherwise never existed. And so we endure. We have faith that there is purpose. We hope for things we can't see. We believe there are lessons in loss, power in love, and that we have within us the potential for a beauty so magnificent, our bodies can't contain it.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“I have realized; it is during the times I am far outside my element that I experience myself the most. That I see and feel who I really am, the most! I think that's what a comet is like, you see, a comet is born in the outer realms of the universe! But it's only when it ventures too close to our sun or to other stars that it releases the blazing "tail" behind it and shoots brazen through the heavens! And meteors become sucked into our atmosphere before they burst like firecrackers and realize that they're shooting stars! That's why I enjoy taking myself out of my own element, my own comfort zone, and hurling myself out into the unknown. Because it's during those scary moments, those unsure steps taken, that I am able to see that I'm like a comet hitting a new atmosphere: suddenly I illuminate magnificently and fire dusts begin to fall off of me! I discover a smile I didn't know I had, I uncover a feeling that I didn't know existed in me  I see myself. I'm a shooting star. A meteor shower. But I'm not going to die out. I guess I'm more like a comet then. I'm just going to keep on coming back.”
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“Our bodies have five senses: touch, smell, taste, sight, hearing. But not to be overlooked are the senses of our souls: intuition, peace, foresight, trust, empathy. The differences between people lie in their use of these senses; most people don't know anything about the inner senses while a few people rely on them just as they rely on their physical senses, and in fact probably even more.”
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important to the Almighty than what you accomplished.”
“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
“I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that’s not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn’t long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Newt Scamander: My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply because we don't know what to do with it.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“I have learned, that the person I have to ask for forgiveness from the most is: myself. You must love yourself. You have to forgive yourself, everyday, whenever you remember a shortcoming, a flaw, you have to tell yourself "That's just fine". You have to forgive yourself so much, until you don't even see those things anymore. Because that's what love is like.”
“Love. Not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio. The real kind. The kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres. The kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish. The kind that can forgive. The kind that believes in healing. The kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed. The real kind of love. It's rare and we have it ”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”
“Ends are not bad things, they just mean that something else is about to begin. And there are many things that don't really end, anyway, they just begin again in a new way. Ends are not bad and many ends aren't really an ending; some things are never-ending.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“I believe in strong women. I believe in the woman who is able to stand up for herself. I believe in the woman who doesn't need to hide behind her husband's back. I believe that if you have problems, as a woman you deal with them, you don't play victim, you don't make yourself look pitiful, you don't point fingers. You stand and you deal. You face the world with a head held high and you carry the universe in your heart.”
“It should be a privilege to be able to say "I love you" to someone. It shouldn't be something people say just because they feel like it. A privilege that is earned. They say you have to earn the right to be loved; no, love is unconditional, if you love someone, they don't have to earn it. But. The right to tell someone that you love them? That has to be earned. You have to earn the right to be believed.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“We follow the codes not because they bring gain, but because we loathe the people we would otherwise become.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.”
“I find it odd- the greed of mankind. People only like you for as long as they perceive they can get what they want from you. Or for as long as they perceive you are who they want you to be. But I like people for all of their changing surprises, the thoughts in their heads, the warmth that changes to cold and the cold that changes to warmth  for being human. The rawness of being human delights me.”
“But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things.”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“Hidup harus terus berlanjut,tidak peduli seberapa menyakitkan atau membahagiakan, biar waktu yg menjadi obat”
“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“It's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world. It's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless.”
“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”
“This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.”
“I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?”
“Elegance is a glowing inner peace. Grace is an ability to give as well as to receive and be thankful. Mystery is a hidden laugh always ready to surface! Glamour only radiates if there is a sublime courage & bravery within: glamour is like the moon; it only shines because the sun is there.”
“There is a magnificent, beautiful, wonderful painting in front of you! It is intricate, detailed, a painstaking labor of devotion and love! The colors are like no other, they swim and leap, they trickle and embellish! And yet you choose to fixate your eyes on the small fly which has landed on it! Why do you do such a thing?”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.”
“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”
“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”
“Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.”
“The best love in the world, is the love of a man. The love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! I don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. I am first and foremost me, but right after that, I am a mother. The best thing that I can ever be, is me. But the best gift that I will ever have, is being a mother.”
“There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.”
“To those who are given much, much is expected.”
“It's definitely difficult being a woman and growing up a girl. When you're graceful, people say you lack personality; when you're serene, people say you're boring; when you're confident, people say you're arrogant; when you're feminine, people say you're too girly; and when you climb trees, people say you're too much of a tomboy! As a woman, you really need to develop a very strong sense of self and the earlier you can do that, the better! You have to be all the things that you are, without allowing other people's ignorance change you! I realized that they don't know what grace is, they can't identify serenity, they have inferiority complexes, they are incapable of being feminine, and they don't know how to climb trees!”
“Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“My father used to say that life is what you make it. Today is the first day of the rest of your life. You can’t change the past, but the future isn’t set in stone. You can effect a change there. Move forward not with hatred or love. Move forward with purpose. (Simone)”
“Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”
“If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word.”
“How could you love us being together?" he asked me "We are nothing alike and we are not meant for each other and we drive each other crazy, you love that? How can you love that?" So I told him "I know that we're not meant for each other, that we drive each other crazy, and that we are so different. But that's us. That's what we have; a wild nonsense. We are not good together, but together we are bad for each other. I love us together this way just like this. Because even if it's no good, it's what we have! It's us.”
“For those who are not frightened by the solitude, everything will have a different taste. In solitude, they will discover the love that might otherwise arrive unnoticed. In solitude, they will understand and respect the love that left them. In solitude, they will be able to decide whether it is worth asking that lost love to come back or if they should simply let it go and set off along a new path. In solitude, they will learn that saying ‘No’ does not always show a lack of generosity and that saying ‘Yes’ is not always a virtue. And those who are alone at this moment, need never be frightened by the words of the devil: ‘You’re wasting your time.’ Or by the chief demon’s even more potent words: ‘No one cares about you.’ The Divine Energy is listening to us when we speak to other people, but also when we are still and silent and able to accept solitude as a blessing. And when we achieve that harmony, we receive more than we asked for.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“Little Engine That Could - "I think I can. I think I can. I think I can. I know I can.”
“I am an extremely sincere individual. I am sincere, to a fault. One of the many things that I have come to realize, to learn, is that sincerity must be reserved and given only to those who deserve it. And one must save one's emotions, channeling them only to the people who are worthy of it. One must not throw one's pearls to the pigs.”
“Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life. No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today. Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it! This life makes no room for cowards.”
“In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you  you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.”
“ remember one thing only: that it's you-nobody else-who determines your destiny and decides your fate. Nobody else can be alive for you; nor can you be alive for anybody else.”
“Daun yang jatuh tak pernah membenci angin, dia membiarkan dirinya jatuh begitu saja. Tak melawan, mengikhlaskan semuanya. Bahwa hidup harus menerima, penerimaan yang indah. Bahwa hidup harus mengerti, pengertian yang benar. Bahwa hidup harus memahami, pemahaman yang tulus. Tak peduli lewat apa penerimaan, pengertian, pemahaman itu datang. Tak masalah meski lewat kejadian yang sedih dan menyakitkan. Biarkan dia jatuh sebagaimana mestinya. Biarkan angin merengkuhnya, membawa pergi entah kemana.”
“For some people, “the point of no return” begins at the very moment their souls become aware of each others’ existence.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”
“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“Do not be dismayed by the brokenness of the world. All things break. And all things can be mended. Not with time, as they say, but with intention. So go. Love intentionally, extravagantly, unconditionally. The broken world waits in darkness for the light that is you.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when u don't sleep before fulfilling them.”
“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go  ..is found freedom. In the letting go  .. is found the flight!”
“Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!”
“One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it’s happened.”
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”
“Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.”
“You can run away from yourself so often, and so much, just because the broken pieces of you cut your feet too deeply if you stay around for too long. But then what if someone were to come along and pick up those pieces for you? Then you wouldn't have to run away from yourself anymore. You could stop running. If someone sees you as something worth staying with— maybe you'll stay with yourself, too.”
“Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to forsee you, only to discover you. You can't disappoint me”
“There are still some wonderful people left in this world! They are diamonds in the rough, but they're around! You'll find them when you fall down– they're the ones who pick you up, who don't judge, and you had to fall down to see them! When you get up again, remember who your true friends are!”
“Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.”
“Because I don't live in either my past or my future.I'm interested only in the present".”
“You just have to say to yourself, "I am not willing to accept anything less than what I deserve! I am smart! I am Beautiful! I am a good woman and I deserve to be happy!" It all starts with you.”
“The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that. What is grievance? The baggage of old thought and emotion.”
“You have to go the way your blood beats. If you don't live the only life you have, you won't live some other life, you won't live any life at all.”
“If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won.”
“Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.”
“Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Kemudian yang kamu perlukan hanyalah kaki yang akan melangkah lebih jauh, tangan yang akan berbuat lebih banyak, mata yang akan melihat lebih lama, leher yang akan lebih sering mendongak, tekad yang setebal baja, dan hati yang akan bekerja lebih keras serta mulut yang selalu berdoa.”
“My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.”
“Anger is an essential part of being human. People are taught to deny themselves anger, and in this, they are actually opening themselves up to hate. The more you deny yourself the freedom to be angry, the more you will hate. Let yourself be angry, and hate will disintegrate, and when hate disintegrates, forgiveness prevails! The more you deny that you are angry, in attempts to be "holy" the more inhuman you will become, and the more inhuman you will become, the harder it will be to forgive.”
“As you go about your daily life, you will encounter many lemons. Sour expressions, sour attitudes, sour auras! The good thing is that if you don't want to be a lemon, you don't have to be! Just don't let those lemons rub themselves all over you! And you don't even have to save them! Let lemons be lemons! One of the most important things that I have ever learned, is that I don't have to save people.”
“Peace is the number one beautiful ornament you can wear, I really believe that. They say you should always wear a smile, but I don't believe that you should "always" wear a smile, seriously, you're going to look stupid! But peace, you should always carry peace within you, its the most beautifying thing you could ever have or do. Peace makes your heart beautiful and it makes you look beautiful, too. You want to have perfect physical posture when you stand, sit, and walk, and peace is the perfect posture of the soul, really. Try perfect posture outside as well as inside. Peace creates grace and grace gives peace.”
“Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
“Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.”
“The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.”
“Bagiku ada sesuatu yang paling berharga dan hakiki dalam kehidupan: 'dapat mencintai, dapat iba hati, dapat merasai kedukaan'. Tanpa itu semua maka kita tidak lebih dari benda. Berbahagialah orang yang masih mempunyai rasa cinta, yang belum sampai kehilangan benda yang paling bernilai itu. Kalau kita telah kehilangan itu maka absurdlah hidup kita”
“My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.”
“I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.”
“You are beautiful, but you are empty. One could not die for you. To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like you --- the rose that belongs to me. But in herself alone she is more important than all the hundreds of you other roses: because it is she that I have watered; because it is she that I have put under the glass globe; because it is she that I have sheltered behind the screen; because it is for her that I have killed the caterpillars; because it is she that I have listened to, when she grumbled, or bloated, or even sometimes when she said nothing. Because she is my rose.”
“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”
“His life was gentle; and the elements So mixed in him, that Nature might stand up And say to all the world, THIS WAS A MAN!”
“For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me want to dream.”
“I am not a little bit of many things; but I am the sufficient representation of many things. I am not an incompletion of all these races; but I am a masterpiece of the prolific. I am an entirety, I am not a lack of anything; rather I am a whole of many things. God did not see it needful to make me generic. He thinks I am better than that.”
“Time of difficulty test our faith, our fortitude and our strenght. During these times, the level of our imaan becomes manifest”
“Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”
“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”
“Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.”
“Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!”
“You become more divine as you become more creative. All the religions of the world have said God is the creator. I don’t know whether he is the creator or not, but one thing I know: the more creative you become, the more godly you become. When your creativity comes to a climax, when your whole life becomes creative, you live in God. So he must be the creator because people who have been creative have been closest to him. Love what you do. Be meditative while you are doing it – whatsoever it is”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“When things go bad, don't go with them.”
“God always gives his best to those who leave the choice with him”
“And it's the funniest thing: as soon as I see it, the whistling in my ears stops and the feeling of terror drains away, and I realize this whole time I haven't been falling at all. I've been floating.”
“I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in, I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?”
“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Inside every woman, is a crazy girl. And we all know what I'm talking about. That part of you that is entangled with insecurities, fears, and absolute insanity! The art of femininity lies in the molding, pounding, and defeating of that crazy girl on a daily basis! Look at any woman, and you're looking at a woman fighting a daily battle, wielding her weapons in war, every day! I have said it before and I'll say it again: it is never easy being a woman! And if we could only pound that crazy, insecure girl out of ourselves, it would make such the difference!”
“It’s the hard things that break; soft things don’t break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something hard in order not to break; but it’s the soft things that can’t break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a million pieces!”
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”
“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
“I don't regret my painful times, i bare my scars as if they were medals. I know that freedom has a high price, as high as that of slavery; the only difference is that you pay with pleasure and a smile, even when that that smile dimmed by tears”
“To live without philosophizing is in truth the same as keeping the eyes closed without attempting to open them.”
“I wasn't lonely. Loneliness, I think, has very little to do with location. It's a state of mind. In the centre of every city are some of the loneliest people in the world. If anything, because our whole planet was just outside the window, I felt even more aware of and connected to the seven billion other people who call it home.”
“The problem about cutting out the best of your heart and giving it to people, is that 1. It hurts to do that; and 2. You never know if they are going to throw it away or not. But then you should still do it. Because any other way is cowardice. At the end of the day, it's about being brave and we are only haunted by the ghosts that we trap within ourselves; we are not haunted by the ghosts that we let out. We are haunted by the ghosts that we cover and hide. So you let those ghosts out in that best piece of your heart that you give to someone. And if the other person throws it away? Or doesn't want it to begin with? Someone else will come along one day, cut out from his/her heart that exact same jagged shape that you cut out of your own heart, and make their piece of heart fit into the rest of yours. Wait for that person. And you can fill their missing piece with your soul.”
“Believing in negative thoughts is the single greatest obstruction to success.”
“Hard work is only a prison sentence when you lack motivation”
“Walau tak ada yang sempurna, hidup ini indah begini adanya. Filosofi Kopi ”
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”
“Prayer is the mortar that holds our house together.”
“Never waste any amount of time doing anything important when there is a sunset outside that you should be sitting under!”
“Be brave, follow dreams, say fuck you to everybody and fight for what you believe in.”
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”
“If you swim effortlessly in the deep oceans, ride the waves to and from the shore, if you can breathe under water and dine on the deep treasures of the seas; mark my words, those who dwell on the rocks carrying nets will try to reel you into their catch. The last thing they want is for you to thrive in your habitat because they stand in their atmosphere where they beg and gasp for some air.”
“Open your mind before your mouth”
“If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.”
“إذا كنت لاترى إلا مايظهره النور، ولاتسمع إلا ماتعلنه الأصوات فأنت بالحقيقة لاترى ولاتسمع٠”
“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”
“You are what you share.”
“Do not ignore you gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute BEST with the LEAST amount of effort."~Steve Harvey”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“I am not an optimist, but a great believer of hope.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Each person you meet is an aspect of yourself, clamoring for love.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“My spirit is healthy, yes. But I tell you, my flesh is healthy too. I am enlightened and free, but I am also lustful and carnal.”
“It is beautiful to discover our wings and learn how to fly; flight is a beautiful process. But then to rest on the wings of God as He flies: this is divine.”
“I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“I don't dream at night, I dream at day, I dream all day; I'm dreaming for living.”
“Take courage, my heart: you have been through worse than this. Be strong, saith my heart; I am a soldier; I have seen worse sights than this.”
“Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“عيب الإنسان الأكبر هو إنكاره عيوبه, ودفاعه المستميت عنها.”
“I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.”
“There is nothing stronger than gentleness.”
“One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.”
“Where other men blindly follow the truth, Remember, nothing is true. Where other men are limited by morality or law, Remember, everything is permitted. We work in the dark to serve the light.”
“Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.”
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”
“Only you can take inner freedom away from yourself, or give it to yourself. Nobody else can.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Father sat down on the edge of the narrow bed. "Corrie," he began gently, "when you and I go to Amsterdam-when do I give you your ticket?" I sniffed a few times, considering this. "Why, just before we get on the train." "Exactly. And our wise Father in heaven knows when we're going to need things, too. Don't run out ahead of Him, Corrie. When the time comes that some of us will have to die, you will look into your heart and find the strength you need-just in time.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“If you are too busy to pray, you are busier than God wants you to be.”
“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”
“University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.”
“Sesungguhnya, terlalu perhatiannya orangtua kita adalah gangguan terindah yang pernah bisa kita terima”
“The way of the miracle-worker is to see all human behavior as one two things: either love, or a call for love.”
“Attention is the beginning of devotion.”
“Non-fiction can distort; facts can be realigned. But fiction never lies.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“‎Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”
“I have a dream.” “Is your dream very big?” “No.” “Well is it very grand?” “Not either.” “Neither?” “Neither.” “What is it then?” “It is very shiny.”
“Fiction is a solution, the best solution, to the problem of existential solitude.”
“The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I  I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.”
“The coward says in his heart “There is no love.” Because, standing in the shadows of the big, grand, and powerful existence of love, his small spirit is left feeling even smaller and less significant. And so he chooses to deny the existence of love altogether. Because he is too small to have it.”
“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.”
“Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own.”
“You're only human. You live once and life is wonderful so eat the damn red velvet cupcake!”
“Humanity does not suffer from the disease of wrong beliefs but humanity suffers from the contagious nature of the lack of belief. If you have no magic with you it is not because magic does not exist but it is because you do not believe in it. Even if the sun shines brightly upon your skin every day, if you do not believe in the sunlight, the sunlight for you does not exist.”
“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed. Light flooded in. And with it, hope.”
“‎"What does it mean if i'm afraid? Does it mean something bad is going to happen?" "No, it doesn't mean something bad is going to happen. It just means that you have the chance to be brave.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.”
“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”
“The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“إن الحب كقيمة مطلقة سرٌ كبيرٌ من اسرار الدنيا ، لا يعيه إلا الإنسان المحظوظ النقي القادر دوماً على تجديد شباب قلبه بالعطاء والتسامح. يبدأ الإنسان منا حياته متدفقاً بالحب والحنان والتفاؤل والثقة ثم يجف هذا النبع العاطفي في قلبه كلما كبر ، ويتحول مع الزمن إلى عجوز أناني بخيل لا يحس إلا مصلحته ولا يجري إلا خلف منفعته ، والسبب أن أحلامه الصغيرة وعواطفه الصافية تصطدم مرة بعد مرة بما يخيب أمله ويزلزل ثقته في الدنيا وفي الناس -يتعثر الإنسان في مشوار حياته ومع تكرار العثرات والتجارب الفاشلة لا يجد في قلبه رصيداً يغطي هذا الفشل ، ويحفظ له ابتسامته وتفاؤله فيفقد النضارة ويجف ويقسو ، ويتحول سخطه إلى سخط على الدنيا كلها والسبب أنه لم يجد كفايته من الحنان ، لم يجده في الدنيا ولم يجده في قلبه فأفلس . والدليل على هذا أن القلب الكبير لا يحدث له هذا الجفاف مهما كبر وشاخ لأنه يجد في نفسه القدرة على بذل الحنان دائماً مهما حدث له ومهما تلقى من صدمات . وبهذه القوة وحدها يسترد حب الناس الذي فقده ويسترد ثقته في الدنيا”
“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”
“Celebrate who you are in your deepest heart. Love yourself and the world will love you.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“You can see the whole entire world in the eyes of a person who knows how to simply stand there and take all of it into him but then you can look into the eyes of someone else and the whole entire world goes away and all that's left is you.”
“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.”
“The way to get rid of darkness is with light; the way to overcome cold is with heat; the way to overcome the negative thought is to substitute the good thought. Affirm the good, and the bad will vanish." - The power of your subconcious mind”
“Kindness can transform someone's dark moment with a blaze of light. You'll never know how much your caring matters. Make a difference for another today.”
“Self love is the elixir of an immortal heart.”
“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”
“To be immortal and then die”
“ don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”
“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”
“I am; I was. I want to be.”
“Mga bata pa kayo. Pag pinaniwalaan namin kayong hindi kayo naglaro ng tubig kahit na basang-basa ang mga damit ninyo, kayo ang niloloko namin. Hindi kayo ang nakakapanloko.”
“If you are not vegan, please consider going vegan. It’s a matter of nonviolence. Being vegan is your statement that you reject violence to other sentient beings, to yourself, and to the environment, on which all sentient beings depend.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“Never limit your view of life by any past experience.”
“A loving soul was always more beautiful over the long haul, but actual prettiness was fleeting.”
“Life is not compassionate towards victims. The trick is not to see yourself as one. It's never too late! I know I've felt like the victim in various situations in my life, but, it's never too late for me to realize that it's my responsibility to stand on victorious ground and know that whatever it is I'm experiencing or going through, those are just the clouds rolling by while I stand here on the top of this mountain! This mountain called Victory! The clouds will come and the clouds will go, but the truth is that I'm high up here on this mountaintop that reaches into the sky! I am a victor. I didn't climb up the mountain, I was born on top of it!”
“People throw stones at you and you convert them into milestones.”
“Blind, broke, jobless, and frustrated, Kevin found it difficult to get through the following few months. But he had one big thing going for him. He was sober. It was a new beginning.”
“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.”
“Even when muddy your wings sparkle bright wonders that heal broken worlds.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“A Warrior of Light values a child's eyes because they are able to look at the world without bitterness. When he wants to find out if the person beside him is worthy of his trust, he tries to see him as a child would”
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
“Why do we always begin to think about people when they die? I think we should think about people while they're still alive! That way, they can know that we're thinking about them! I always tell people when I'm thinking about them, or that I thought about them, or that I have been thinking about them and it almost always scares them away, but so what, I am practicing the art of life and if that is frightening to them then maybe they need to start living while they're still alive!”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Man is not defiled by his impurities. It is the other man pointing out his impurities to him, whom he is defiled by. Is there anything anyone can do, to become righteous, anyway? God made us impure. If he had a problem with that, He would have made us gods, instead.”
“See beyond the eyes can see, believe beyond the inspiration!”
“6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break: 1. Stop stressing 2. Stop worrying 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down 4. Lighten up 5. Forgive yourself 6. Forgive others”
“Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.”
“If you can be heard then you exist.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“Your worth is not what you have, but who you are.”
“When life takes away, something of greater value is always given in return.”
“Some stories wait their turn to be told, others just tap you on the shoulder and insist you tell them.”
“Sometimes change was good. Sometimes it was even exactly what you needed.”
“الإحسان هو أن تصنع عالما أحسن من الذى ولدت فيه”
“Există o limită a rezistenţei în fiecare. Când e atinsă, nu mai ai poftă să te justifici.”
“If you don't love yourself, you won't be happy with yourself. If you can't love yourself, you can't love anyone else. You can't give the love you do not have. You can't make anyone love you without loving yourself first.”
“Good is good in the final hour, in the deepest pit – without hope, without witness, without reward. Virtue is only virtue in extremis.”
“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”
“Compassion isn't just about feeling the pain of others; it's about bringing them in toward yourself. If we love what God loves, then, in compassion, margins get erased. 'Be compassionate as God is compassionate,' means the dismantling of barriers that exclude.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“Never underestimate a bookworm”
“As long as you do things for God, you are a Hall of Famer in heaven's list.”
“I believe in going with the flow. I don't believe in fighting against the flow. You ride on your river and you go with the tides and the flow. But it has to be your river, not someone else's. Everyone has their own river, and you don't need to swim,float,sail on their's, but you need to be in your own river and you need to go with it. And I don't believe in fighting the wind. You go and you fly with your wind. Let everyone else catch their own gusts of wind and let them fly with their own gusts of wind, and you go and you fly with yours.”
“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.”
“Every great movement of God can be traced to a kneeling figure.”
“When there are many worlds you can choose the one you walk into each day.”
“We are what we eat, and we are what we read.”
“Life will just not wait for us to live it: We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live”
“Tidak ada niat baik yang boleh dicapai dengan cara buruk, dan sebaliknya tidak ada niat buruk yang berubah baik meski dilakukan dengan cara-cara baik.”
“Segala luka & kecewa tampaknya kan malu & meniada: ketika kita insyafi bahwa Allah Yang Maha Mengatur tak pernah keliru, tak pernah aniaya”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“Hidup tanpa harapan adalah hidup yang kosong”
“When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.”
“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“Be the change you want to see in the world”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.”
“I can't over-emphasize how important an exquisite perfume is, to be wrapped and cradled in an enchanting scent upon your skin is a magic all on its own! The notes in that precious liquid will remind you that you love yourself and will tell other people that they ought to love you because you know that you're worth it. The love affair created by a good perfume between you and other people, you and nature, you and yourself, you and your memories and anticipations and hopes and dreams; it is all too beautiful a thing!”
“We can no more justify using nonhumans as human resources than we can justify human slavery. Animal use and slavery have at least one important point in common: both institutions treat sentient beings exclusively as resources of others. That cannot be justified with respect to humans; it cannot be justified with respect to nonhumans—however “humanely” we treat them.”
“One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.”
“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”
“we attract what is happening in our lives”
“Live full, die empty”
“ and remember my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.”
“Muhabbat apni marzi se khulay pinjray main totay ki tarha bethnay ki salaahiyat hai. Muhabbat is ghulami ka toq hai jo insaan khud apnay ekhtyar se galay main dalta hai”
“It matters not how fast light may travel, darkness shall always be there awaiting its arrival.”
“What if you could pick one day of your life, and everything would stop changing, every day would be similar and comparable to that one day, you'd always have the same people with you? If you could do that, would you do it? Would you pick that day and make that choice? We crave for things to stop changing, we wish that things would never change. But if we got what we wanted, there are so many things that are better, that we would never, ever know about. Sure, things would stay the same as that one wonderful day, but then there would be nothing else out there, ever. So can you remember the very first day when everything really did begin to change? Is there a thing that can remind you? Mine is a blue rose, and that's when everything began to change because that's the day I began to believe in things I never believed in before; the day I found three blue roses. Think about your first day of change, can you remember all the new heights you've soared since that day? All the new people? All the better things and times? Would you throw all of that time away? I wouldn't. Instead, I want to finally accept all the things that I couldn't change, which led to me being right here, right now. Maybe we all carry around inside us one day we wish we could keep forever, something we wished never did change. It's time to let go of that day, and soar.”
“The only thing that will ever make me fall in love is: if I fall in love.”
“Orang-orang itu telah melupakan bahwa belajar tidaklah melulu untuk mengejar dan membuktikan sesuatu, namun belajar itu sendiri, adalah perayaan dan penghargaan pada diri sendiri. (hlm. 197)”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.”
“Just do something. You might make a mistake, then you can fix it. But if you do nothing, you can't fix anything. And your life might turn out full of regrets.”
“If your actions don't live up to your words, you have nothing to say.”
“Fear and anxiety many times indicates that we are moving in a positive direction, out of the safe confines of our comfort zone, and in the direction of our true purpose.”
“When we understand people; when we understand situations; when we understand what matters; when we understand the why’s, the what’s and the how’s; when we understand the trigger of actions, we least inflict pain on ourselves and unto others.”
“Keep creating: the world yearns to celebrate your next masterpiece.”
“Never lose hope, and if you can, find the courage to love again.”
“Sometimes I wore smiles but didn’t feel them. Sometimes I felt them and didn’t wear them. I didn’t want her to know how much I craved this. I bit my bottom lip.”
“The Fact That You Have The Ability To Stand On Stage And Sing While You’re Crying Is So Brave.”
“He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.”
“Don't make yourself small. Not for anyone. If someone tells you you're too much  too loud, too sensitive, too fierce, too caring, too intellectual, too optimistic, too realistic, too logical, too emotional  just smile and move on, my friend. Clearly, they aren't enough for you.”
“A flower earns its honor in the dirt.”
“Ada banyak hal tampak yang bisa kita tertawakan. Tapi sungguh lebih berbilang hal tak kasat yang selayaknya kita tangisi.”
“Bagiku ada sesuatu yang paling berharga dan hakiki dalam kehidupan: 'dapat mencintai, dapat iba hati, dapat merasai kedukaan'. Tanpa itu semua maka kita tidak lebih dari benda. Berbahagialah orang yang masih mempunyai rasa cinta, yang belum sampai kehilangan benda yang paling bernilai itu. Kalau kita telah kehilangan itu maka absurdlah hidup kita.”
“What if it becomes less about how we look and more about how much we care? What if it becomes less about how much money we earn and more about how much we share our good fortune? Imagine a world where who we are in our hearts is the ultimate status symbol.”
“You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.”
“Unconditional love is the greatest gift we can ever give.”
“If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.”
“One of the best gifts you can give to someone, is a wider perspective. It's also one of the best gifts you can receive. So if you have given someone a wider perspective, don't feel bad about it (about taking their blindfolds off and having to watch them cringe in the newfound sunlight); I know it's hard, but you're doing them a lasting favor. And a wider perspective can be difficult for you yourself to accept, in the beginning (during the time that you squint while the sunlight stings your own eyes), but later you'll find yourself coming back to it, even if you abandoned it as something worthless; you'll look for it, one day. Or it will grow on you. Perspective.”
“I thought that my voyage had come to its end at the last limit of my power, that the path before me was closed, that provisions were exhausted, and the time come to take shelter in a silent obscurity, but I find that thy will knows no end in me, and when old words die out on the tongue, new melodies break forth from the heart, and where the old tracks are lost, new country is revealed with its wonders.”
“Why does a human body become deceased? The reason is that as long as the human body is not free from suffering, mind cannot be happy. If a man lacks enthusiasm, either his body or mind is in a deceased condition . Now what saps the enthusiasm in man? If there is no enthusiasm, life becomes drudgery - a mere burden to be dragged. Nothing can be achieved if there is no enthusiasm. The main reason for this lack of enthusiasm on the part of a man is that an individual looses the hope of getting an opportunity to elevate himself. Hopelessness leads to lack of enthusiasm. The mind in such cases becomes deceased . When is enthusiasm created? When one breaths an atmosphere where one is sure of getting the legitimate reward for one's labor, only then one feels enriched by enthusiasm and inspiration.”
“If you have the courage to be honest with everyone, including yourself, you may hurt a few people's feelings, but they will forever value your opinion more than your half truths.”
“Soccer forces life to move on. There’s always a new match. A new season. There’s always a dream that everything can get better. It’s a game of wonders.”
“Ye'll never best your fears until ye face them”
“I will never attend an anti-war rally; if you have a peace rally, invite me.”
“What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.”
“It's not very easy to grow up into a woman. We are always taught, almost bombarded, with ideals of what we should be at every age in our lives: "This is what you should wear at age twenty", "That is what you must act like at age twenty-five", "This is what you should be doing when you are seventeen." But amidst all the many voices that bark all these orders and set all of these ideals for girls today, there lacks the voice of assurance. There is no comfort and assurance. I want to be able to say, that there are four things admirable for a woman to be, at any age! Whether you are four or forty-four or nineteen! It's always wonderful to be elegant, it's always fashionable to have grace, it's always glamorous to be brave, and it's always important to own a delectable perfume! Yes, wearing a beautiful fragrance is in style at any age!”
“I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”
“You can take my life, but you'll never break me. So bring me your worst  And I will definitely give you mine.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“A clown on a throne is still a clown. A king in rags is still a king.”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.”
“I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!”
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“I think that if you have a horse, pegasus, qilin, or unicorn, you should sit on it! You should stroke its hair, whisper in its ear, be one with it! And you shouldn't feel sorry if other people don't have one.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.”
“Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.”
“Accept yourself: flaws, quirks, talents, secret thoughts, all of it, and experience true liberation.”
“I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.”
“To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says: "Leave no stone unturned.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“I swear, the best things come to me by accident! Or should I say, effortless destiny?”
“Children move stones with their feet. Men move rocks with their hands. Women move mountains with their hearts.”
“Share, care, hug like a bear.”
“Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself. They come through you but not from you, And though they are with you, yet they belong not to you. You may give them your love but not your thoughts, For they have their own thoughts. You may house their bodies but not their souls, For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, Which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.”
“Love yourself, even a little bit each day, and your life will bloom into infinite joy.”
“You start to live when you commit your life to cause higher than yourself. You must learn to depend on divine power for the fulfillment of a higher calling.”
“When you see yourself doing something badly and nobody's bothering to tell you anymore, that's a bad place to be. You may not want to hear it, but your critics are often the ones telling you they still love you and care about you, and want to make you better.”
“But that was two years ago. She wasn’t sexy to me anymore. Now she was lethal.”
“Men brave and generous live the best lives, seldom will they sorrow; then there are fools, afraid of everything, who grumble instead of giving.”
“I may be a idiot, but most of the time, anyway, I tried to do the right thing, an dreams is just dreams, ain’t they? So whatever else has happened, I am figgerin this: I can always look back an say, at least I ain’t led no hum-drum life.”
“The majority of people have successfully alienated themselves from change; they tediously arrange their lives into a familiar pattern, they give themselves to normalcy, they are proud if they are able to follow in auspicious footsteps set before them, they take pride in always coloring inside the lines and they feel secure if they belong to a batch of others who are like them. Now, if familiar patterns bore you, if normalcy passes before you unnoticed, if you want to create your own footsteps in the earth and leave your own handprints on the skies, if you are the one who doesn't mind the lines in the coloring book as much as others do, and perchance you do not cling to a flock for you to identify with, then you must be ready for adversity. If you are something extraordinary, you are going to always shock others and while they go about existing in their mundaneness which they call success, you're going to be flying around crazy in their skies and that scares them. People are afraid of change, afraid of being different, afraid of doing things and thinking things that aren't a part of their checkerboard game of a life. They only know the pieces and the moves in their games, and that's it. You're always going to find them in the place that you think you're going to find them in, and every time they think about you, you're going to give them a heart attack.”
“There is a relationship between the eye contacts we make and the perceptions that we create in our heads, a relationship between the sound of another's voice and the emotions that we feel in our hearts, a relationship between our movements in space all around us and the magnetic pulls we can create between others and ourselves. All of these things (and more) make up the magic of every ordinary day and if we are able to live in this magic, to feel and to dwell in it, we will find ourselves living with magic every day. These are the white spaces in life, the spaces in between the written lines, the cracks in which the sunlight filters into. Some of us swim in the overflowing of the wine glass of life, we stand and blink our eyes in the sunlight reaching unseen places, we know where to find the white spaces, we live in magic.”
“Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“I’m not saying that you should deny the difficult events of your life. But the fact that you survived is also a wonderful story to tell. And that story, the story of the way you came through a difficult situation, found resources within yourself or outside of yourself, gleaned from that experience what you wanted and what you didn’t want going forward — that is a story that can inspire you and others to heal and grow.”
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“I am a broken person. And I know exactly where my cracks are and how deep they run. I don't pretend to not be a broken person and therein lies the big difference. Because the truth is, we are all broken in places, but it is those who know exactly where and how they are broken, who also know exactly where and how they are whole! And we may not be whole in all places and in all ways, but we take whatever wholeness that we do have, and we make good of it. And we try hard to work on the broken parts, and we ask for help when we need it.”
“Stay focus on what God has assigned me to do. Keep my mind on what I am doing/”
“Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.”
“I wish that people realized how this felt every day. Why does it take a life ending to learn how to cherish each day? Why must we wait until we run out of time to start to accomplish all that we dreamed, when once we had all the time in the world? Why don’t we look at the person we love the most like it’s the last time we will ever see them? Because if we did, life would be so vibrant. Life would be so truly and completely lived.”
“Kadang kita harus memilih bukan karena kita menginginkan pilihan tersebut, tapi hanya karena pilihan tersebut, segalanya akan lebih baik.”
“Head Vs Heart: A crowded mind Leaves no space For a peaceful heart”
“Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.”
“Tidak semua yang kita inginkan harus terjadi seketika. Kita tidak hidup di dunia dongeng.”
“The thing about learning how to fight is that— some of us are not born with that desire. They say some are born fighters; but they don't usually point out that others just aren't. Some of us are forced by life to take up arms and fight. Many of us are. The art lies in knowing when to wield those arms and when to put them down. I don't think it's a matter of pretending to be ideally unharmed by life and untouched by darkness; because that is hypocrisy. Rather, I think it is a matter of being true to your truth and learning when to fight and learning when to be soft. Hopefully, our soft moments in life will largely outweigh, outrank, and outrun our fighting.”
“There's only one truth!”
“Your dreams are worth it. Persevere. Your focus is your power. Harness it.”
“Even though the ship may go down, the journey goes on.”
“In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.”
“I just believe that us as women— should not criticize nor pull down other women. And why? Because we’re all just trying our best to be beautiful! We all just want to be loved, we want to be beautiful, we’re all trying to leave our own legacy! The good news is that the universe is unending and that means there is enough space for each woman on earth to leave her own mark and to be her own legacy. To be her own kind of beautiful. So why spend even a second on trying to take away from another woman? Trying to steal, trying to criticize, trying to oppress? There is enough space for every woman and every kind of beautiful, in this vast cosmos! When you waste any amount of time trying to take what is another’s— you are wasting your huge chunk of a galaxy that’s already been given to you!”
“He who hesitates is usually fucked!”
“Hope is holding on to the promises of God.”
“Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!”
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." i love it so much”
“Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.”
“Well if God wanted a broken spirit out of me, He would get His wish. At this point in my life the only thing I could do was look up.”
“The single most powerful element of youth is that you don't have the life experiences to know what can't be done.”
“Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.”
“IF YOU DON'T GO AFTER WHAT YOU WANT; YOU COULD SPEND YOUR ENTIRE LIFE SETTLING FOR WHAT YOU CAN GET”
“When something can be read without effort, great effort has gone into its writing.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“Whereever you end up;" Jack whispered into my ear."I wish you clear skies. Always”
“It’s been my observation" I said, “that you humans are more than the sum of your history. You can choose how much of your ancestry to embrace. You can overcome the expectations of your family and your society. What you cannot do, and should never do, is try to be someone other than yourself–Piper McLean.”
“There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.”
“It dawns on you one day  how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you’re thinking, “My life is precious and you’re not allowed to hurt me.”
“If you can't enjoy what you have, you can't enjoy more of it.”
“Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.”
“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise embrace the entity of yourself you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”
“There’s nothing you can’t do if you want it bad enough.”
“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”
“Dig deep and empower yourself today. Stand in your inner strength. Be uniquely you.”
“I suppose we must work on being gracious and grateful until we can do for ourselves. Someday the wheel of fate will put us in a position to be of use to them, and we will remember how much easier it is to give help than it is to accept it.”
“Happiness is a choice. Peace is a state of mind. Both are free!”
“Sometimes the hardest one to see . . .is the one standing right before you.”
“One woman filled with self love and self acceptance is a model more super than any cover girl.”
“Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.”
“Believe me. No matter how bad things are today, they’ll be far better tomorrow. — Namiya General Store”
“Rewards await you if you stay steadfast in your faith.”
“A child's giggle is worth one hundred pounds of gold.”
“Tous les hommes sont menteurs, inconstants, faux, bavards, hypocrites, orgueilleux et lâches, méprisables et sensuels ; toutes les femmes sont perfides, artificieuses, vaniteuses, curieuses et dépravées ; le monde n'est qu'un égout sans fond où les phoques les plus informes rampent et se tordent sur des montagnes de fange ; mais il y a au monde une chose sainte et sublime, c'est l'union de deux de ces êtres si imparfaits et si affreux. On est souvent trompé en amour, souvent blessé et souvent malheureux ; mais on aime, et quand on est sur le bord de sa tombe, on se retourne pour regarder en arrière ; et on se dit : " J'ai souffert souvent, je me suis trompé quelquefois, mais j'ai aimé. C'est moi qui ai vécu, et non pas un être factice créé par mon orgueil et mon ennui.”
“with faith,discipline and selfless devotion to the duty,there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.”
“The storm stops at the door. Love reigns, peace dwells.”
“Light has nowhere to hide in the dark.”
“When you take the step towards your dreams you will be met with fears because you have never traveled this way before. As you go, you will discover that you had nothing to fear. Through overcoming your fears you give those that follow you hope that if they pursue their dreams, they will achieve their dreams.”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“Bring up the past only if it will help to build the future, otherwise its best to be left to sleep”
“اشتريت لك لعبة جديدة،قطارا ومعه السكة،حتي إذا كبرت وقال لك أحدهم:((فاتك القطار))،قلت له:((اشتري لي أبي القطار نفسه,وانا ابن عشر سنين))”
“You may be safe, but I am free.' Take advantage of the freedom that comes with your youth. Inhale life, exhale fire, and embrace the late, sleepless nights, because that's when the magic happens- when everyone else is asleep and you're awake thinking about the world as it is, and the world as it would be. Make the most of those moments," I said forcefully. "And in the coming years people will tell you that you're too young to change the world. I'm here to tell you, that's fucking bullshit.”
“A woman who writes has power, and a woman with power is feared.”
“Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.”
“IF YOU CHOKE YOUR POTENTIAL BEFORE IT HAS AN OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME A POSSIBILITY YOU WILL NEVER REACH YOUR DESTINY”
“At your absolute best, you still won't be good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person.”
“It is not needful for our dreams to be very grand nor very big. It is only needful for our dreams to be very shiny.”
“Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“I think i should get love inked on my skin. Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.”
“I enjoy growing older and wiser and learning from my mistakes every single day.”
“People are often unreasonable, illogical and self-centered. Forgive them anyway. If you are kind, people may accuse you of selfish, ulterior motives. Be kind anyway. If you are successful, you will win some false friends and some true enemies. Succeed anyway. If you are honest and frank, people may cheat you. Be honest and frank anyway. What you spend years building, someone could destroy overnight. Build anyway. If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous. Be happy anyway. The good you do today, people will often forget tomorrow. Do good anyway. Give the world the best you have, and it may never be enough. Give your best anyway. You see, in the final analysis, it is between you and your God. It was never between you and them anyway.”
“I believe God spoke to you at cliffs. Her hand came to rest on the top of my head. But perhaps you weren't truly listening”
“New day, new hopes, new life!!”
“غــِـناك َ فى نفسـِـكَ ، و قيمَتـِك فى عمــَلـِـك ، و بواعثـُك أحرى بالعناية من غاياتك ، و لا تنتظر من الناس كثيرا ً”
“Celebrate true friends. They are a part of you that always sparkles.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“Plus on évolue dans sa vie, plus on se débarrasse des croyances qui nous limitent, et plus on a de choix. Et le choix, c'est la liberté.”
“Deeply respecting yourself is the first step toward having a deep respect for others.”
“The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.”
“An act of kindness may take only a moment of our time, but when captured in the heart the memory lives forever.”
“It is only after the deepest darkness that the greatest joy can come”
“An empowered heart is one filled with self love.”
“Being ready is everything.”
“As the sun knows; even the sky is not the limit ”
“Having the life of your dreams is simple: make conscious choices.”
“Because captains aren't like poets they don't make metaphors between the sea and the sky. And as I thought that to myself I realized - that's why I write.”
“Hendaknya kita mengukur ilmu bukan dari tumpukan buku yang kita habiskan. Bukan dari tumpukan naskah yang kita hasilkan. Bukan juga dari penatnya mulut dalam diskusi tak putus yang kita jalani. Tapi…dari amal (action) yang keluar dari setiap desah nafas kita”
“The way I see it, our natural human instinct is to fight or flee that which we perceive to be dangerous. Although this mechanism evolved to protect us, it serves as the single greatest limiting process to our growth. To put this process in perspective and not let it rule my life, I expect the unexpected; make the unfamiliar familiar; make the unknown known; make the uncomfortable comfortable; believe the unbelievable.”
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.”
“To Succeed, you must reach for the stars, and let your imagination find its own path”
“The moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would never otherwise have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision which no man could have dreamed would have come his way. Whatever you can do, or dream you can do, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now.”
“I think that the best kind of change, is the change that comes from the inside and begins it's way out until it emerges on the outside; a change that is born underneath then continues and spreads until it has reached the surface. That's a true change. A powerful change. And I have found that while we are emerging, changing into something glorious; it is actually us becoming who we really are. A water lily is born underneath the water, inside the soil at the bottom of the river or lake. And the water lily has always been a water lily for that whole time that it was sprouting out of the wet soil, reaching up through the dark water towards the sunlight, stretching and grasping for the surface; where it then buds and blooms on the outside in the sunshine. It doesn't bud and bloom on the surface and then try to reach down below into the soil.”
“Why must it be so hard For us to come to understand, That there are things we cannot change Hidden amongst the things we can? For we can rearrange our hearts, Dust out the corners of our minds, We can teach our eyes to see Only the things we wish to find. Yet once we decorate our walls And sweep our sorrows off the floor, Why do we look to someone else, To show us how we can be more? For here is where the line Between our can and can't gets tough, Just the point at which we all must learn That we are already enough, That since we cannot choose the home, Our only soul was born into, We should rearrange its rooms But learn to love its window's view.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“Thus is the nature of love: that you must use it! A love unused is not love! If it is something that sits on the shelf that you don't know what to do with, it is not true to the nature of love! Use love!”
“‎"What does it mean if you tried to get somewhere, and you didn't?" "Like what?" "Like if you were trying to get somewhere, but you couldn't find it? Does that mean something bad?" "No. It doesn't mean something bad. It just means you have a second chance to do it. And two chances is always better than just one.”
“If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“Do you really believe in destiny?" "How can I not believe in destiny, when there is no difference between my memories and my dreams at night? There's no difference between their reality. And if I dream something first, I remember it later when I am actually walking in the place or looking at the person I first dreamed of. Days later. Or years later. Destiny~ she walks with me.”
“There is something simply beautiful and simply innocent, in being human. It is just so innocent and beautiful. I love it.”
“We doubt in others, what is in fact in ourselves. The skeletons in your own closet are the things that scare you the most about others; people who come from a background of lying are suspicious of lying in others and so on and so forth. The most trusting of people, are not people who have never been betrayed or who have never felt pain; but the most trusting of people are those who in themselves do not find those things worthy of that blame. We see the world through the eyes of the condition of our own souls.”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
“Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”
“to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running”
“I'd rather be interesting, original, & unique then follow the pack. Revel in who you truly are & be liberated!”
“Whatever you are looking for is also looking for you. You see, don't only look. Be available and ready when it shows up”
“At the end of the day, there are very few people around you who truly want to see you peaceful, happy and content. Most of your friends only want to see you happy, peaceful and content, in ratio to their own happiness, peace and contentment. It's like, "Yeah, I want all your dreams to come true and I want to see you smile, but only for as much as I smile and only in proportion to how many of my own dreams come true." That's what people today call, "friendship" and "care". It's not really friendship and it's not really care. Then there's like one or two people who would celebrate your own happiness and success even if it's out of proportion to their own. And that's a real blessing right there, that's a real friendship.”
“The prettiest flowers earn their honor in the ugliest dirt.”
“There are so many people whose minds do not belong to them. There are so many people whose thoughts have been purchased by people. There are so many people who have made people kings and queens of their thought. There are so many people who cannot sleep because of people. There are so many people whose lives are a small percentage of their own self and a greater percentage of others. When the offenses of people occupy your mind, your mind becomes the offenses of people instead of your own mind. To have your own mind and to be your own self, free your mind!”
“If stars needed the sky's permission to shine, the universe would be a very dark place.”
“I am powerful in my love for myself. The truth of my being is I love myself exactly as I am. I honor my empowered heart.”
“Into the silence rips a sound that makes me let go of Max's hand and cover my ears. It is like the strafe of a bullet, nails on a chalkboard, promises being broken. It's a note I have never heard - this chord of pure pain - and it takes a moment to realize it is coming from me.”
“no man is free until he s a master of himself!!”
“Daily love and kindness are the path to a happy life.”
“Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.”
“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“Who we are is who we ACTUALLY are. It's never who we create in order for people to see. You might really hate who you actually are, so then you create a sub-genus type of yourself for other people to see. But that never changes who you are. The sub-genus type won't change your genus. The only way we change who we are is by looking at ourselves in the mirror long enough to make us vomit over our disgusting waywardness and long enough to fall in love with our strengths. But you can't just fall in love with your strengths. You also need to vomit over your hypocrisies and all of your other bullshit. And you can't just vomit, either. You also have to clean it up and embrace yourself afterwards. This is how you change your genus.”
“The most adventurous journey to embark on; is the journey to yourself, the most exciting thing to discover; is who you really are, the most treasured pieces that you can find; are all the pieces of you, the most special portrait you can recognize; is the portrait of your soul.”
“Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the door bell”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“Prolong not the past Invite not the future Do not alter your innate wakefulness Fear not appearances There in nothing more than this”
“A lot of pieces I have written have to do with courage. As a result, people think that I am naturally brave. But what people don't know, is that I grew up with phobias and many fears. I was scared of everything. So, I write of courage not because I have not known fear, but I write of courage because I have walked with fear but I have made the choice not to fear it.”
“Just pick a goal and stick to it no big complicated secret.”
“Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.”
“Fear is an aid to the warrior. It is a small fire burning. It heats the muscles, making us stronger. Panic comes when the fire is out of control, consuming all courage and pride.”
“You opinions about me does not change who I am.”
“I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.”
“Just go with it', he thought. 'You won't figure out anything if you give in to fear'.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.”
“Seeing a miracle will inspire you, but knowing you are a miracle will change you.”
“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”
“Taking personal accountability is a beautiful thing because it gives us complete control of our destinies.”
“Life is a mystery to be lived not a problem to be solved”
“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning  because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”
“Here is a universal law: that when it comes to negative and positive, you will always thrive more powerfully in the positive if you have first been immersed in, and have heroically overcome, the polar opposite negative of that thing. To abide in the positive existence of something, without having known and overcome it’s polar opposite— that is to be only a frame of the real structure. Easily toppled down and taken apart. True power is in the hands of the one who thrives in the positive, after having known and conquered the negative. Because when the demons come along, she will say to those demons: “I know you, I have owned you, but now you bow down to me.”
“We can give our children only two things in life which are essential. Strong roots and powerful wings. Then they may fly anywhere and live independently. Of all the luxuries in life, the greatest luxury is getting freedom of the right kind.”
“Best friends are treasures. Hug them for their caring. Applaud their accomplishments. Laugh with them gratefully.”
“The knowledge of secrets is a very enticing ship, a very tempting voyage, and one thinks that the highest attainment in life is to find out hidden truths, to seek out what is truth, to know what are all lies; to uncover, to discover and to rediscover, to dig up, to expose, to reveal  But secrets can go on forever, for an eternity! For as vast as the universe is, so are the secrets therein! And one can lose, because of that thought that in the secrets, everything is to be gained! But I can see, that all the knowledge of hidden things, all the knowledge in the universe, is not nearly as valuable and as worthy as the innocence of one's soul. And we are not directed unto good things through our ability to scavenge or to hunt or to decipher or to sail! Or to fly! But we are directed unto good things, through sovereign providence! He is more worthy- the innocent soul who has a simple faith in what he believes in- than the one who has found out all the dark secrets about what the other man has put his faith in! And it is far more profitable for a man to be healthy, to have a long, long life, loved ones that are blessed with these blessings all the same, much love and happiness and safety! It is far more profitable for a man to be able to remain innocent and have love and be healthy and to be able to watch his loved ones in good health and in good love, than for a man to uncover all the secrets of the universe! A single love, a single faith, a single trust, and one hope- these are far, far better things to aspire to have! And this– this is the biggest secret!”
“Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.”
“Darkness will always be a servant of light.”
“I never trust frank and simple people whose stories hold together.”
“Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.”
“Every day in every way we are leaving our mark.”
“Each moment, each person, is sacred and worthy of respect- especially you.”
“All things are possible if you believe ”
“All publicity is good publicity.”
“Of course the dust is building up unseen, but you learn to repress this for as long as it goes unnoticed by guests. And then one day someone moves a piece of furniture without your say-so, and everything comes into plain view. Dirt and scratch marks. Permanent damage to the parquet floor. By then it’s too late.”
“Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!”
“I feel like, God expects me to be human. I feel like, God likes me just the way I am: broken and empty and bruised. I feel like, God doesn't look at me and wish that I were something else, because He likes me just this way. I feel like, God doesn't want me to close my eyes and pray for Him to make me holy or for Him to make me pure; because He made me human. I feel like, God already knows I'm human it is I who needs to learn that.”
“At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. Its about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It about what you've given back" (23).”
“It's like I am inside this ethereal sphere wherein exists no logic, no reasoning, no typicality, no explanations, no realism, no comparisons, nothing ordinary, and no normalcy. And then if you are to understand me, you have to step into my realm and leave all of those things behind. I'm not typical. I'm not ordinary. And I'm not normal. And I never will be ‎. So I don't see the point of waking up in the morning and wishing to be so.”
“Obey God and leave all the consequences to Him.”
“Such is my relationship with God: on my gigantic canvass of life, I am the one throwing all of the brightly-colored paints, creating genuine splatters, authentic whirlpools of color, beautiful patterns, wonderful streaks and stains and wild accents; God is the one with the paintbrush who stands beside my canvass filling all the intricate and amazing details in between the whirlpools and the streaks! We're happy together!”
“As the earth dies your spirit will bloom; as the world fades your soul will rise and glisten. Amongst the dehydrated crevices of a desert earth you will stumble upon your diamonds; in between the dry skulls and cracked bones you will find your sapphires.”
“God and Destiny are not against us, rather they are for us, they are the ones who never forget the things we have long forgotten, the ones who hear the desires of our heart that our own heads can't hear, and they are the ones who never forget who we really are, long after our minds have forgotten the images of who we are. We come from God and we belong to Destiny, yet for some reason of ignorance we think that to be the master of our own fates and the captain of our own souls means to write everything down on a paper and plan everything out on a grid! Such great things to be done, and we think they are accomplished by our primitive ways! No. We must only know what we want. And want what we want. And then fly high enough to see all that which we want that we couldn't yet see.”
“Some people say they will not believe in anything they can't see. What a catastrophe to not have any faith at all! You live only less than a half of life, if you will only believe in the things that you can see. Life is lived by those who have much faith and believe in many unseen things. If you believe in nothing that you cannot see, think about how much there is that you choose to turn your face away from! You can't see your soul and you cannot prove that it exists, therefore if you call yourself one who believes in nothing unseen, then you will forever deny your soul its existence, for the existence of the soul dwells in love, trust, anger, passion, faith, belief, strength; the soul is forever nourished by things that are unseen! And so we have too many empty bodies walking around! Bodies with souls inside that are half-dead and dying.”
“If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.”
“Be uniquely you. Stand out. Shine. Be colorful. The world needs your prismatic soul!”
“Cheat your landlord if you can and must, but do not try to shortchange the Muse. It cannot be done. You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Don’t believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Repotting a plant gives it space to grow. Repotting ourselves means taking leave of our everyday environments and walking into unfamiliar territory—of the heart, of the mind and of the spirit. It isn’t easy. The older we get, the more likely we are to have remained in the same place for some time. We stay because it’s secure. We know the boundaries and, inside of them, we feel safe. Our roots cling to the walls we have long known. But remaining inside can keep us from thriving. Indeed, without new experiences or ideas, we slowly grow more and more tightly bound, eventually turning into less vibrant versions of who we might have been. Repotting means accepting that the way is forward, not back. It means realizing that we won’t again fit into our old shells. But that’s not failure. That’s living.”
“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Oh, monsters are scared', said Lettie. 'And as for grown-ups ' She stopped talking, rubbed her freckled nose with a finger. Then, 'I'm going to tell you something important. Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. The truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world.'   We sat there, side by side, on the old wooden bench, not saying anything. I thought about adults. I wondered if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped in adult bodies, like children's books hidden in the middle of dull, long books. The kind with no pictures or conversations.”
“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“I can't explain the mind of a writer to you, Jeremy. Especially the mind of a writer who has been through more devastation than most writers combined.”
“Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.”
“It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous”
“The only prescription for morality is this: Remember that every woman could have been your mother, every girl could be your daughter. Remember that every man could have been your father, every boy could be your son. When it comes to matters of the heart, that's all that needs to be kept in mind, always, at all times. Whatever form of hurt you cause, will echo in your children one day. Whatever form of judgments you make, must be held up against the condition of your father or your mother. When this is done— one sees that there is no room to judge and that there is no room to hurt, another.”
“ no one recognises the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it”
“Cinder gaped at her stepmother, her own anger eclipsed with a surprising jolt of pity. This woman was full of so much ignorance it was almost like she wanted to stay that way. She saw what she wanted, believed anything to support her limited view of the world. (…)Five years she had lived with this woman, and never once had she seen Cinder as she was. As Kai saw her, and Thorne and Iko and all the people who trusted her. All the people who knew her. She shook her head, finding it easier than she’d expected to dismiss her stepmother’s words. “I’m done trying to explain myself to you. I’m done seeking your approval. I’m done with you.”
“من أنت؟ انا انسان يزعجه كل شىء، أريد عدم الازعاج، عدم الاهتمام بي، أجهد كى أجعل الاخرين لا يعيروننى أى انتباه. ومع ذلك ”
“Selalu ada saat ketika kita tidak sempat bertanya kepada sepasang kaki sendiri kenapa tidak mau berhenti sejak mengawali pengembaraan agar kita bisa memandang sekeliling dan bertahan semampu kita untuk tidak melepaskan air mata menjelma sungai tempat berlayar tukang perahu yang mungkin saja bisa memberi tahu kita, Ke san, Saudara, ke sana.”
“My life came to a standstill. I could breathe, eat, drink and sleep, and I could not help doing these things; but there was no life, for there were no wishes the fulfilment of which I could consider reasonable. If I desired anything, I knew in advance that whether I satisfied my desire or not, nothing would come of it. Had a fairy come and offered to fulfil my desires I should not have known what to ask. If in moments of intoxication I felt something which, though not a wish, was a habit left by former wishes, in sober moments I knew this to be a delusion and that there was really nothing to wish for. I could not even wish to know the truth, for I guess of what it consisted. The truth was that life is meaningless.”
“Peace is not a result inside us from everything around us. Peace is not submissive nor passive. On the contrary, peace is an overwhelming force which comes from within us, disrespectful of everything around us, a firm coalition of spirit and soul standing against all the unrest that abounds.”
“Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we've touched.”
“To buy a cake  to howl at the moon  to know true happiness  I am happy.”
“A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“A good idea always attracts other good ideas.”
“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
“A seed neither fears light nor darkness, but uses both to grow.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“If everyone could be a successful and rich author, there would be no point in working so hard. Where is the fun in that?”
“we are not leaving anyone behind we have to stick togheter in order to stay safe.”
“Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!”
“~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~”
“Where are they written?" "In the world around us. Merely be attentive to what happens in your life, and you will discover where, every moment of the day, He hides His words and His will. Seek to do as He asks: this alone is the reason you are in the world." "If I discover it, I'll write it on clay tablets." "Do so. But write them, above all, in your heart; there they can neither burned nor destroyed, and you will take them wherever you go.”
“Write the book you want to read”
“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”
“God used my year of waiting not to frustrate me, or abandon me, but to draw me into a closer relationship with Him.”
“Love is the opposite of fear and it lights the flames of a million hearts.”
“A #loveselfie isn't a picture or a status update. It's an attitude of embracing, accepting, and valuing yourself, exactly as you are in each moment. It's being one hundred percent present with yourself. Try it.”
“I am the best person in the universe.”
“When God throws something your way, catch it!”
“when you have no spirit to seize the day, find it behind the music, between the flowing leaves, beneath the sun rays, and just within yourself. Talk to yourself, be the best friend for yourself, and do not hesitate to ask God help”
“Apa yang tersimpan dalam dada, tak mampu dijangkau oleh mata. Karenanya lisan menjadi penanda, wajar orang menilai lewat kata.”
“Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta”
“When there is nothing left to give somone in need, we give them what we do have. We give them Divine Love, faith, and friendship. This is always enough to see anyone through anything. This, my friends, is how we save the world. (pg.99 of A Journey In to Divine Love)”
“You fall because you are human, and rise because you are divine.”
“To ‘let go’ sometimes makes us feel like losers because it means giving up what truly we felt we had a right to. But true strength lies in resisting the urge to hold onto things and people that bring us down.”
“I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.”
“No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.”
“When angels visit us, we do not hear the rustle of wings, nor feel the feathery touch of the breast of a dove; but we know their presence by the love they create in our hearts.”
“Our key to greatness lies not in our ability to project ourselves to others as if we are putting ourselves onto a projector and creating an image of ourselves on a projector screen. Rather, our key to greatness lies in who we are which we can give to other people in a way that when they walk away from us, they are able to say in their hearts that they have taken away something with them quite extraordinary.”
“One of the most beneficial and valuable gifts we can give to ourselves in this life: is allowing ourselves to be surprised! It is okay if life surprises you. Its a good thing!”
“If two people are meant for one another, that doesn't mean that they have to rush and be together right away. Real love takes time to grow, just like how it takes time to grow from children to adults.”
“You can't understand where someone's going unless you understand where they've been.”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live”
“Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“I’m not going to die because I failed as someone else. I’m going to succeed as myself.”
“Am I getting braver, or just getting accustomed to being terrified?”
“Awakening to faith is not a one-time event, but a continuously unfolding reality. The journey of faith is not a race, but a marathon of love that each person walks at a different pace.”
“Empathy is the ability to step outside of your own bubble and into the bubbles of other people. Empathy is the ability that allows us to be useful creatures on this planet; without empathy, we are a waste of oxygen in this world. Without empathy, we are lower than animals. Empathy is the ability that allows us the perception of things around us, outside of ourselves; so a person without empathy is a limited human being, someone who will only live half of a life.”
“Darkness cannot survive in light, but a light can shine in the dark!”
“I'm in love with you. It doesn't matter what has happened in my life. I love you till my last breath and it's amazing that i see you everywhere.”
“I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“Hatred is a louder exhibition of inability.”
“When you walk in silence your excellence will always speak for you.”
“Do you know how magic works? The kind of magic that gets reindeer to fly in the sky? The kind that helps Father Christmas travel around the world in a single night? The kind that can stop time and make dreams come true? Hope. That's how. Without hope, there would be no magic.”
“We may have done what the devil said we did, but we are NOT who the devil says we are!”
“My story is not a sad story; it's a real one. It's a story about a girl who fought through a storm she thought would never end.”
“Semua yang baik datang berduyun-duyun. Hanya karena aku sudah memulai. Yang lain-lain akan datang dengan sendirinya. Semua membutuhkan permulaan. Permulaan sudah ditempuh.”
“Orang menyebutnya ILHAM. Tapi bisa saja itu datang dari suatu proses, setelah kita membiarkan diri mengalami yang lain”
“Nothingness It is only in nothing  A damp, dull, nothingness Those cold, sharp, empty spaces In our times of scarcity and loss That we understand the true meaning of everything And the indelible value of what was cost”
“Don't cope with problems; fix them.”
“तेजस्वी सम्मान खोजते नहीं गोत्र बतलाके, पाते हैं जग से प्रशस्ति अपना करतब दिखलाके| हीन मूल की ओर देख जग गलत कहे या ठीक, वीर खींचकर ही रहते हैं इतिहासों में लीक”
“Dream big and never give up on those dreams. Who knows where they'll take you?”
“Fall for none, rise for all.”
“Impian harus menyala dengan apa pun yang kita miliki, meskipun yang kita miliki tidak sempurna, meskipun itu retak-retak”
“Living is about capturing the essence of things. I go through my life every day with a vial, a vial wherein can be found precious essential oils of every kind! The priceless, fragrant oils that are the essence of my experiences, my thoughts. I walk inside a different realm from everybody else, in that I am existing in the essence of things; every time there is reason to smile, I hold out my glass vial and capture that drop of oil, that essence, and then I smile. And that is why I have smiled, and so you and I may be smiling at the same time but I am smiling because of that one drop of cherished, treasured oil that I have extracted. When I write, I find no need to memorize an idea, a plot, a sequence of things: no. I must only capture the essence of a feeling or a thought and once I have inhaled that aroma, I know that I have what I need.”
“A flower does not use words to announce its arrival to the world; it just blooms.”
“Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“The elimination diet: Remove anger, regret, resentment, guilt, blame, and worry. Then watch your health, and life, improve.”
“Don't step backward toward nothing, step forward toward something, better awkward steps forward, than coward steps backward.”
“वसुधा का नेता कौन हुआ? भूखंड-विजेता कौन हुआ? अतुलित यश-क्रेता कौन हुआ? नव-धर्म-प्रणेता कौन हुआ? जिसने न कभी आराम किया, विघ्नों में रहकर नाम किया”
“Sometimes an angel is found in the dark.”
“You are Fire! Don’t believe these mere mortals. They want to put you on a pedestal and sing paeans to you; later they would burn you in the altar of that same fire! Stand away and stand alone! You are limitless! But these mortals can only limit your sky! You are the Universe! But they will only give you a little space! Break free! It’s a trap! They want to cage you! Because, they are afraid of your real power! You are a woman. You are the fire! You are all conquering. You are all powerful! You are Supreme! You were not born to be a mere beauty queen!!”
“Your highest thoughts sometimes arise in your lowest moments.”
“Laughter is good for both the body and the soul.”
“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Dear Fellow Human Being, You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed! Tell yourself, You do not deserve this! All those toxic words you have to listen from people, All those fears they try to pin on your mind, All those giggles they aim at your dreams, All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality, All those fingers pointing towards your crude character, All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations, All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free, Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it. My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility. You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“We make choices every day, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough, we live with the consequences.”
“Anger was the indulgence of a child, not a queen.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs. There is no such thing as a linear life. But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“Every single person is sacred. Sacred means special, precious, a treasure of true beauty. That means you.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“There are so many bad people in the world. They'll treat you badly, they'll haggle and undermine your worth. They'll calculate what they can get without thinking about what to give. That's the world. Very seldom, you'll find someone who will not undermine and haggle your worth, who will take risks for you, who will think about what they can give to you and how they can make you happy. So you see, the rule goes like this— when you find such a person, you don't let go of them. You stay with them and they stay with you.”
“Live joy. Be kind. Love unconditionally.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“When you feel that others are lacking and failing  . first assess the skill, style, quality, results, mindset, support, professionalism and spirit with which you yourself play the game.”
“Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly’s wings assures me of a pure, innocent world”
“This world is not a wonderful place where unfortunately many evil things happen; but this world is a terrible place where fortunately many miracles and other wonderful things happen.”
“Joy is the fountain of youth.”
“You're the insane one. You don't even love the world you created. So how can you expect us to love and respect you? An endless repetition of natural destruction and stupid, meaningless wars. Because we don't understand it, we have no way to stop it. We may be stupid and not know what to do  But we fight to move forward towards that which we think is right. Not just sticking to the arbitrary boundaries you created. We make lots of mistakes, and get hurt  But we keep believing in miracles. Looking for a truth we can't yet see. We do it our own way. Because we believe our lives mean something.”
“But we were different now. I wanted only his pain, and judging from the girl he’d come home with last night, Madoc was still the same. A user.”
“If you’re to choose to paint your life today  What will it be? Remember, you’re the artist, not the canvas.”
“It's not the law of religion nor the principles of morality that define our highways and pathways to God; only by the Grace of God are we led and drawn, to God. It is His grace that conquers a multitude of flaws and in that grace, there is only favor. Favor is not achieved; favor is received.”
“Its never to late to get back on your feet though we wont live forever make sure you accomplish what you were put here for”
“Oh, Jo. Jo, you have so many extraordinary gifts; how can you expect to lead an ordinary life? You’re ready to go out and – and find a good use for your talent. Tho’ I don’t know what I shall do without my Jo. Go, and embrace your liberty. And see what wonderful things come of it.”
“With my ninth mind I resurrect my first and dance slow to the music of my soul made new.”
“God is colourblind. But we are not God. God does not need to see colour and difference. God is far bigger than all of that. We are human. We are destined to grow and learn from each other and with each other and there is no growing, there is no learning, there is no wonder and no majesty in life if we were like God. We were meant to see colour and difference.To deny these is to lack respect. To blind ourselves to these is to fool one another. To shun these is to deny ourselves growth and knowledge.”
“When I stopped to take a breath, I noticed I had wings.”
“Stars do not pull each other down to be more visible; they shine brighter.”
“You think that it’s not magic that keeps you alive? Just ‘cause you understand the mechanics of how something works, doesn’t make it any less of a miracle. Which is just another word for magic. We’re all kept alive by magic, Sookie. My magic’s just a little different from yours, that’s all.”
“Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.”
“Mistakes are not bad; excuses are.”
“Believe in your greatness. Because what you believe is what you become.”
“Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.”
“The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.”
“Why is it that we spend so much of our time preparing for when we can do what we want, instead of just doing what we want right now?”
“Everything in this world happens with a purpose. You are born in this world with a purpose, you are chosen by purpose.”
“When you treat your failures as lessons, you can never fail.”
“Don't care about success or failure. Keep doing what you love. Success will follow.”
“When you have power and use it for destructive purpose: you don't deserve it.”
“A rainbow is not afraid of showing its true colors because it knows it is beautiful inside out.”
“When it's possible for you to dream, it's not impossible to achieve.”
“Thank people who help you because they make you happy. Thank people who don't help you because they make you strong.”
“When you stop complaining about others for not helping you and focus on your efforts; there’s no stopping you.”
“You have not failed until you accept your failure.”
“What you do doesn't frighten your enemies as much as what you are.”
“If you seek happiness, look in the mirror. If you seek love, look elsewhere.”
“Failure is the greatest teacher.”
“The 7 Secrets of Overcoming Your Haters 1. Identify your haters. 2. Study your haters. 3. Understand your haters. 4. Confront your haters. 5. Admonish your haters. 6. Avoid your haters. 7. Ignore your haters.”
“Don't fear big. Fear mediocrity. Fear waste. Fear the lack of living to your fullest”
“It's easy to believe in someone else, the hard part to believe in urself”
“Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.”
“Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Bring forward what is true. Write it so that it is clear. Defend it to your last breath.”
“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow is promised to no one. Prioritize today accordingly.”
“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.”
“Love is not a forest fire that burns intensely, hotly and out of control for a brief moment until, its expendable fuel spent, it sputters, seeking in vain for something else to consume, to sustain itself before, finally, it dies: cold, black ash the only evidence of its passing. Love is, instead, a campfire: it provides ample heat and comfort to the twosome who sit before it, and although its flames may at times wane, a well-tended campfire’s embers can be nurtured and fanned until the flames once again dance brightly and cheerfully, providing comfort to the couple who cherish the gentle warmth it ministers.”
“Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Enchantment lies in everyday moments if you are observant.”
“Choose joyful abundance in your heart and be unbounded, free, and relaxed. Be relentless with your choice and you’ll make your mark.”
“Treat yourself today! You are a unique, sparkling, spectacular soul. Celebrate you!”
“When you walk in distinction, even the photocopying machine can’t replicate your unique quality.”
“Failure only happens when you lose your willpower to continue trying If we let the obstacles get the best of us then it was our choice to fail, not fate.”
“When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict." -The Power Of Curiosity: How To Have Real Conversations That Create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“The power of love can spread magic to the world like nothing else.”
“Be real, rare, refreshing you! Fan the flames of self love and ignite your light!”
“Women united can create movements. We can empower entire generations. We can build peace one action at a time. Together we rise. The time is now.”
“Breathtaking, splendid, wondrous, sublime, all those words describe you, exactly as you are. You are a work of art! Enjoy your beauty!”
“Dance through life flinging kindness like shimmering rainbows. Find your bliss by sharing your heart.”
“Kindness and caring are ambrosia for the soul.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“It is better moving up to your goal and falling than not falling doing nothing”
“If luck has not yet knocked your gate, change the gate”
“When we embrace who we are the world embraces us right back.”
“Being present to yourself in love and with kindness is the ultimate gift.”
“We testify of what we have experienced and witnessed. May our testimony inspired others to share their story.”
“Writers are the custodians of memory ”
“If Cinderella were given a single shining epiphany (instead of a fairy godmother), she would have realized: "This is my father's house. This is my father's estate. I am the rightful heiress to everything here!" then she would have said: "Get off of my property, take nothing with you, and never show your faces to me again! You ugly, bitter, insecure, envious witches!" And I'm sure she would have been happier, sooner!”
“Being able to write becomes a kind of shield, a way of hiding, a way of too instantly transforming pain into honey.”
“It was him, it was always him, they only needed to stand there with their feet buried into the muddy moss and look at each other; to feel each other. Time stopped, movement disappeared and it was both the beginning of everything and the end of everything else. They had each other and there was no name, no title to it other than they just had each other. There was no necessity to be practical, what they had and what they were, was of their own and in their own and I think nothing in the world could have made Lucy happier than to have what they had, to be what they were.”
“If we come from the water, I conclude that we come from different kinds of it. I will meet a person and in his eyes see an ocean, deep and never ending; then I will meet another person and feel as though I have stepped into a shallow puddle on the street, there is nothing in it. Or maybe some of us come from the water, and some of us come from somewhere else; then it's all a matter of finding those who are the same as us.”
“Where are you?" he asked. "I'm right here" she said. "I know, but it feels like one percent of you is somewhere else, where is that one percent?" he said. "I don't know .I think I'm always like that " she answered. "I like that." "You do?" "Yes, because that way, I have to always look for the one percent to find it.”
“Let us each take up our flaming torches and mount as the blazing fireballs of light that we are and let's burn the skies and leave it with deep scars and let them be our signatures upon eternity as we go forth!”
“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
“Love for yourself is the key to loving other. Love begins with you.”
“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation. Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”
“Long before we even lose our lives, we lose our souls. Tragic but true. Some carry on—willing to make the sacrifices, putting what is perceived as important before anything else. Some tread into the dark—wasting moments of grace, letting themselves suffer from their own decisions or the other’s domination. Some continue to love, give too much, and not leave even a little love for themselves.”
“Many things that don't really mean so much of anything, are wonderful.”
“When your footsteps and thoughts carry you down the same path your heart and soul are directing you, you will know without a doubt that you are headed in the right direction.”
“There are many rivers that we cross in our lifetime, unfortunately some of those rivers just don't have bridges.”
“The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.”
“Everyone who got to where they are had to begin where they were.”
“Failure is when you give up. A real winner is someone that doesn't give up, even when it feels like they are losing.”
“Sometimes the only reason for us to be somewhere else is to see things from a different perspective.”
“The greatest thing you will ever give to the world is your committment to leave what you find in better condition than the way you found it. Leave a single light in a place where there was once darkness so those coming behind you may see further and begin where you left.”
“Chaos is another name for opportunity”
“Our dream of happiness is waiting for another universe to collide with our own, and change what we ourselves cannot.”
“An acorn is an oak tree turned inside out.”
“Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!”
“Pray for "all men." We usually pray more for things than we do for men. Our prayers should be thrown across their pathway as they rush in their downward course to a lost eternity.”
“Every man reaches his destination, if he just keeps walking”
“Become braver, stronger, wiser, kinder, and you will become better.”
“We all take a different path to the same place. Why we took the path we did will always be a mystery.”
“Do not let the world tell you not to bloom Just because they aren't ready for you Just because few days after they bloomed They died on a barren land, in the rain You may face the same fate But deep down you would know It's better to die blooming Than choosing to never grow ”
“When surrounded by darkness your only duty is to shine.”
“The most important person you meet in life is your higher self.”
“The storm is what they threw at me, the hurricane is what I became.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.”
“Respect, Love, and Value yourself. Always remember to be good to yourself by taking care of yourself. Make yourself a priority and know that it’s okay. Don’t feel guilty for loving yourself, first! You’re just as important as anybody else.”
“YOU are your own guru. YOU are your own soul mate. YOU are powerful. Take the reigns and drive your carriage home to love.”
“Choosing kindness is the ultimate expression of evolved consciousness. Grow by being kind.”
“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.”
“Sometimes being happy takes effort. Invest time and energy in yourself and your happiness.”
“Yes, content is king but excellence is his queen. ~ Onyi Anyado.”
“Learn from stars; even in the dark they give off light, not despair.”
“A kind thought, word, or action creates infinite ripples of caring, consideration, and peace.”
“A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“You are limitless! Accept this truth and soar to infinity.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.”
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.”
“It takes drive and focus to move from potential to reality.”
“Soul mate romance dissolves the superficial and touches your deepest heart with the delightful power of love.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“If you posses enough courage to speak out what you are, you will find that you are not alone.”
“Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.”
“Swirl into joy today by sharing your caring with the world. Be a pillar of positivity.”
“When I was born, the doctor slit my throat to see if I could talk.”
“YOU are the magic code that unlocks your happiness.”
“The secret ingredients to true happiness? Decisive optimism and personal responsibility.”
“Caring is what matters, not stuff or status, just people sharing kindness & joy in a web of the heart that spans the globe.”
“Focus your heart, mind, and soul on joy and you'll find ultimate success and fulfillment.”
“Let us do something, while we have the chance! It is not every day that we are needed .To all mankind they were addressed, those cries for help still ringing in our ears! But at this place, at this moment of time, all mankind is us, whether we like it or not. Let us make the most of it, before it is too late!”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“The strong man is not one who is good at wrestling, but the strong man is one who controls himself in a fit of rage.”
“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”
“Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.”
“We must not be defined by what we do, but we must be what and who we are, then only happen to do what we do!”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“There will be haters, there will be doubters, there will be non-believers, and then there will be you proving them wrong.”
“Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I always say, a friend is for life!”
“As I look back on my own life, I recognize this simple truth: The greatest opportunities were the scariest lions. Part of me has wanted to play it safe, but I’ve learned that taking no risks is the greatest risk of all.”
“When you trust your inner guidance and begin moving in the direction of your dreams (aligned with your individual gifts) you will be cloaked in an armor bestowed upon you by your guardian angel.”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“There's a lot of talk these days about giving children self-esteem. It's not something you can give; it's something they have to build.”
“Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.”
“We cannot face up to what lies ahead, without facing up to what lies within.”
“The truth is .. I'm okay with people not liking me. I'm not okay with them pretending that they do. Keep it real. Everybody ain't for everybody.”
“Never allow others to create your world because if you do, they will always make it too small.”
“You can't be sad when Daisy is around, she won't let you.”
“You can capture this body of mine, take away my freedom and enslave me. You may even have the power to capture my soul and sentence me to the realm of eternal darkness. But my dreams you cannot touch. They are my will the very essence of who I am. In them I laugh. In them I cry. In them I love. And in them ..I live. My dreams are untouchable and unceasing.”
“I see myself as a Scottish sky: there are rain clouds, rainbows and sunrays that run and overtake one another, mingle together and dance with each other! You see all of this within seconds of looking up! It’s a living sky, it breathes and it’s real! And I think that when you look at me, you’ll see my rain clouds first, because only after rainclouds can there come the rainbows. You see, if the rainbows come first, then the rainbows aren’t even real, so I think that if people deserve to see my real rainbows, then they will just know that they need to stick around through the rain! Like a Scottish sky, I want to be real and breathing and running. I don’t want to be a clear blue all the time, or a dark grey all the time or have fake rainbows painted onto me; I want to be Scottish.”
“They don't have to know the real you for you to keep being that amazing you! Don't let someone's negative spirit disrupt or corrupt yours. Be you for you. God is the one that you want to see who you really are.”
“People do not meet by chance––they navigate their lives to certain people for certain reasons.”
“The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.”
“I don't so much mind looking back on having lost the election, or having been denied a role in the play, or having had my novel repeatedly rejected, or having been turned down for a date, or recalling laughter at my expense when I attempted some silly challenge.  Those things simply prove that I lived life.  What I do mind, however, is looking back on the lost opportunities where imagined concerns kept me from even trying—lose or win.  I've learned that there is no regret in a brave attempt, only in cowering to fear.”
“I would rather live in a world where people shout, "This is wrong." than live in a world with superheroes saving the day.”
“A poet is simply an artist whose medium is human emotions.  A poet chisels away at our own sensibilities, shaping our vision while molding our hearts.  A poet wraps words around our own feelings and presents them as fresh gifts to humanity.”
“Your heart is where your inner light resides. It is part of every sacred journey to reconnect with your inner light, step into your divinity, spread the light of love before you, return to the essence of love, and inspire others to do the same.”
“No difference, good or bad. Thoughts like birds in mind. Some fly in. Some fly out. Some stay at water hole to drink. Beware of birds that linger.”
“You don't need to understand what the world is, just let your life flow with it and become something”
“Selama kita memiliki hari esok, teruslah berusaha untuk menjadi lebih baik. Percayalah bahwa dengan kita berbuat demikian akan ada hari yang lebih baik untuk dinikmati”
“Live  More than your neighbors. Unleash yourself upon the world and go places. Go now. Giggle no,laugh.”
“If God on the Cross is God shamming a human tragedy, it turns the Passion of Christ into the Farce of Christ. The death of the Son must be real. Father Martin assured me it was. But once a dead God, always a dead God, even resurrected. The Son must have the taste for death forever in His mouth. The Trinity must be tainted by it; there must be a certain stench at the right hand of God the Father. The horror must be real. Why would God wish that upon Himself? Why not leave death to the mortals? Why make dirty what is beautiful, spoil what is perfect? Love. That was Father Martin's answer.”
“Being angry, resentful, or saddened by rejection can suck the sweetness out of acceptance.”
“No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances.”
“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”
“Quella vita ch'è una cosa bella, non è la vita che si conosce, ma quella che non si conosce; non la vita passata, ma la futura. Coll'anno nuovo, il caso incomincerà a trattar bene voi e me e tutti gli altri, e si principierà la vita felice. Non è vero?”
“H is for Habit, winners make a habit of doing the things losers don't want to do.”
“Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.”
“You need to trust To surrender To ask for guidance Go within for the answers They're within you You have the answers All you need do is ask”
“So you never know who you touch. You never know how or when you'll have an impact, or how important your example can be to someone else" (20).”
“Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when " and you can't say "I will be peaceful when " Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.”
“Facts? What are facts? I only know imagination!”
“It takes writing a billion bad words before you get to the good ones.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.”
“There is no power like that of prevailing prayer - of Abraham pleading for Sodom, Jacob wrestling in the stillness of the night, Moses standing in the breach, Hannah intoxicated with sorrow, David heartbroken with remorse and grief, Jesus in sweat and blood. Add to this list from the records of the church your personal observation and experience, and always there is cost of passion unto blood. Such prayer prevails. It turns ordinary mortals into men of power. It brings power. It brings fire. It brings rain. It brings life. It brings God.”
“Opportunities? They are all around us   There is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.”
“The conception of each star was at the point of no return; of a desperate soul struggling to master the winds!”
“I believe in miracles . I have to.”
“Doa yang lemah, bisa diperbaiki dengan doa yang lebih kuat. Doa yang buruk, bisa diganti dengan doa yang baik. Lalu engkau bertanya, mengapakah doa-doa terbaik yang kau naikkan belum juga terjawab? Pertama, ikhlaskanlah pengertianmu agar lebih mudah bagimu untuk bersyukur. Kedua, ketahuilah bahwa doa yang sudah sangat baik, hanya bisa diperbaiki dengan meningkatkan akhlaq dari pribadi yang berdoa.”
“Dicen que con llorar nada se arregla pero eso no es verdad. Llorar es hacer algo aunque ese algo no sirva más que para quitarnos la sensacion insoportable de no hacer nada.”
“There are gigantic trees that have grown tall into the winds and the clouds over the thousands of years of their lives, their tops are rustled and tossed by the mists of the atmosphere! Then there are the short trees that don't live for long, they are young with no deep roots and only a few annual rings to tell their stories.The tall, ancient trees sway in the realm of freedom while the short young trees cannot even raise their branches into that direction of the sky! Now, you are the bird who needs a tree to live in; if you choose to live in the tree which thrives in the realm of freedom, that doesn't mean you are not committed to that tree. You are still committed to your tree, but together you and your tree live in freedom. Freedom is not the absence of commitment. If you are the bird who chooses to fly around amongst the short trees and live in them, that's because your wings are too short to make it any higher and your vision too near to see any further into the clouds. And if you move from one short tree to the next short tree, that doesn't mean you are free, you are still down there below, freedom is still nowhere near you.”
“Each day is a gift To embrace and welcome”
“Aku datang menghadap Mu, Tuhanku tuk menyerah dan mohon penyelamatan Aku mohon Kau maafkan salah dan dosa masa laluku yang setia mengejar tuk menggigitku dari belakang Penyesalan ini membadai di hatiku dan melemahkan niat hidupku Kini aku jiwa yang lebih baik yang lebih patuh kepada Mu Jangan Kau biarkan aku lama bersedih Aku sangat menghamba kepada Mu Tuhan, sayangilah aku”
“Always have something to look forward to”
“I like to set my dreams high. That way, even if I only make it half way there, it's still pretty darned good.”
“Once you discover that you can, you must.”
“L'esercizio rende perfetti, ma nessuno è perfetto, quindi perché esercitarsi?”
“No one of real intelligence will accept anything just because some authority declares it be so. Don't accept the truth of anything you have not confirmed for yourself.”
“Judging is the cause that creates the effect of choosing.”
“Persistance is the quality of winners. Successful people never never give up”
“No se debe oponer resistencia a la corriente: hay que ir hacia arriba cuando hay que ir hacia arriba, y hacia abajo cuando hay que ir hacia abajo. Cuando debas ir hacia arriba, busca la torre más alta y sube hasta la cúspide. Cuando debas ir hacia abajo, busca el pozo más profundo y desciende hasta el fondo. Cuando no haya corriente, quédate inmóvil. Si te opones a la corriente todo se seca, el mundo se ve envuelto por las tinieblas. "Yo soy yo, él es yo, atardecer de otoño" Cuando renuncias a mi, yo existo.”
“لم اتصور انه عندما تفقد من تحب تصبح جسدا حي وروحا ميته  الحب يحيي الروح كما يحي الغيث الارض”
“Dance with the waves, move with the sea. Let the rhythm of the water set your soul free.”
“When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.”
“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
“No one knows your truth but you. If you're secure in yourself, no one and no(thing) can touch you.”
“Love is a longing for becoming one with another human being that nobody of us can avoid.”
“The love we say we feel for another is, in most cases, just a selfish hunt for our own happiness.”
“Be noble like the sun; let even those who resent you for shinning benefit from your warmth.”
“I am to be loved, honored and respected solely because I exist. I am to be cherished, spoiled, celebrated because I Am! I was made to be admired. I am a beloved child of God after all.”
“If you want to know a person’s true character, observe how he treats those who don’t matter.”
“When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, “My life has just begun.”
“Be like the sun; never let the opinions of those who hate you dull your shine.”
“In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.”
“If you believe ,you can. "But work hard to believe".”
“Critics are loud, but success is louder.”
“When seeds want to rise they drop everything that is weighing them down.”
“It takes greater faith to dance in the dark than to rest in light.”
“Spread kindness, caring, and compassion and create your own paradise. Infuse it with joy and you’ve created heaven on earth.”
“Commitment mixed with drive and sprinkled with imagination creates sustained results. Stay focused and you will make your mark!”
“Speaking the truth is the main attribute of a pure hearted person.”
“The sun is God's candle.”
“Count the roses, not the thorns.”
“Lovers never hate, haters never love.”
“The way to make your dreams come true is to start believing in them.”
“When you’re faced with a choice, choose to inspire, choose to empower, choose to stand for those who have lost the will to stand for themselves.”
“We are supposed to consume alcohol and enjoy it, but we're not supposed to become alcoholics. Imagine if this were the same with cocaine. Imagine we grew up watching our parents snort lines at dinner, celebrations, sporting events, brunches, and funerals. We'd sometimes (or often) see our parents coked out of our minds the way we sometimes (or often) see them drunk. We'd witness them coming down after a cocaine binge the way we see them recovering from a hangover. Kiosks at Disneyland would see it so our parents could make it through a day of fun, our mom's book club would be one big blow-fest and instead of "mommy juice" it would be called "mommy powder" There'd be coke-tasting parties in Napa and cocaine cellars in fancy people's homes, and everyone we know (including our pastors, nurses, teachers, coaches, bosses) would snort it. The message we'd pick up as kids could be Cocaine is great, and one day you'll get to try it, too! Just don't become addicted to it or take it too far. Try it; use it responsibly. Don't become a cocaine-oholic though. Now, I'm sure you're thinking. That's insane, everyone knows cocaine is far more addicting than alcohol and far more dangerous. Except, it's not The point is not that alcohol is worse than cocaine. The point is that we have a really clear understanding that cocaine is toxic and addictive. We know there's no safe amount of it, no such thing as "moderate" cocaine use; we know it can hook us and rob us of everything we care about We know we are better off not tangling with it at all.”
“Jeder Tag bedeutet vierundzwanzig neue Stunden. Jeder Tag bedeutet, dass alles möglich ist. Man lebt den Moment oder man stirbt darin, aber man lebt sein Leben einen Tag nach dem anderen. [ ] Und man versucht immer, auf die Sonnenseite zu gelangen. Ins Licht. (Day)”
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you, place them on the floor and use them as stepping stones to where you want to go.”
“Light in your mind is better than darkness in your soul.”
“Waiting is wasting. Make the most of yourself and be the best version of yourself. Have Trust in Allah's greatness; He will provide everything.”
“When the world throws rocks at you, turn them into diamonds.”
“I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.”
“Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“A child has a deep longing to discover that the World is based on Truth. Respect that longing. In our attempt to help children grow into Inspired Adults, we wish them to carry the Youthfulness of their Souls, and the Wonders of Childhood into their old age.' Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids and world based on truth”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
“Life provides chances to open your heart all the time.”
“Fallon affected my body in weird ways. But only because she’s different, I told myself.”
“A child is a Soul, a Unit Consciousness materialized on Earth to learn, fulfill its purpose contributing within the Matrix of Gaia. Our parents fought for ‘Expression of Thoughts’, ‘Equality’, we now have a task to fight for the Supremacy of Love over Control within all Areas of Life.‘ Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids development soul”
“Forever friends are a treasure chest of understanding and compassion. Cherish them.”
“Go past the insecurity. Go past the little voice that says doing that thing will hurt you. Instead let the pain flow through you, and just hold on. At that very point, you will find yourself invincible.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Your healthy love for yourself is sexy!”
“Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“Set goals that make your heart sing. Then achieving them is an experience of uplifting joy.”
“Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“A healthy person can accept criticism.”
“Your heart is a powerful force. Use it consciously.”
“No one makes it to the "top" by themselves. Each step you take is guided by at least one person's blood, sweat and tears. Appreciate those who stand behind you as you rise. They are the only ones who will catch you if you fall. The ladder of success is steadiest when someone's there to support it.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue what you want.”
“Inspiration is sometimes as simple as a shared smile.”
“Laughter is the divine effervescing.”
“The power of words is in the works of words. People are much more bonded by the works of words than words. The work of words is the trigger of words.”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“A genius is simply one who has taken full possession of his own mind and directed it toward objectives of his own choosing, without permitting outside influences to discourage or mislead him.”
“I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.”
“I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this. [ Cormac McCarthy's Venomous Fiction , New York Times, April 19, 1992]”
“Fairies with gossamer wings, Bring forth beauty, grace and joyful things. Fairies of the earth are caretakers of our soil, water and trees, They watch over beautiful creatures such as bears, bunnies and bees. Fairies ask that you breathe in and appreciate the vantage point from which you stand, Then trod carefully and respectfully with each intentional step you make across this beautiful land.”
“Maybe we shouldn't begin to stop believing in God when He starts to let go of our hand; because at that moment He begins to let go of your hand, that's the moment He's begun to believe in YOU! He says, "I believe in you, I know you can." And that's not the time to stop believing in someone, when He is believing in you. A good father knows when to let go and start believing that you can. We may not understand it at first, but after we look at ourselves and say "Wow, I'm awesome, I did that all by myself." Then we say "Thanks, dad. If you never let go of me, I would have never learned how to fly.”
“God would light the way. Faith would keep them on the right path.”
“To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death—however “humane”—is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.”
“Nothing lasts forever. But the thing is, you can reuse some. Use your mind. - Leo's Mother, The Lost Hero”
“My story was not the story of a girl's broken dreams: it was the story of a girl who couldn't be broken.”
“When the flames of life are gnawing away at your butt, run faster, quicker, and harder than you've ever run before, because I guarantee it that life will condition you, harder than any trainer ever will. When you state to yourself with the utter most believe, “I will achieve this,” than you are on the path, and this is when life throws obstacles left, right, straight on and which other way, but keep going. Because you will make it”
“Never mourn the loss of innocence, because it always brings the much greater gain of wisdom.”
“So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.”
“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so. At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”
“Realize this – your anger with God does not drive a wedge between you and Him. It is your silence that drives the wedge. - Prodigal Life”
“I want to dream a dream so wonderful that I'll wake up sorry that it wasn't a memory.”
“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans. By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”
“Doing what is right to GOD gives you peace not regret”
“Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass  It's about learning how to dance in the rain. - Vivian Greene”
“The good is the Enemy of the best. Until you depart from the good, you cannot enter God's best for your life.”
“The first step to success it's to imagine it”
“This is heaven my child.”
“Thought I wanted overnight success, until I achieved it through hard work and the refusal to back down! What you earn, you keep.”
“Even though your life is Rainy and muggy you can fight through it just Make sure you know what is happening And make sure you don't take to much pressure on it just shake it off!”
“Success always hugs you in private, but failure slaps you in the public ”
“An item is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it”
“Peace may be hard to achieve, but is possible with small yet essential steps that are guided by courage and sufficient commitment.”
“Never put off for tomorrow what is meant for today tomorrow may never come.”
“To achieve peace, it is crucial to eliminate unnecessary bureaucracy that prevents peace processes from advancing.”
“You always supposed to have that i'm number 1 mentality,don't let anyone make you feel like you is number 2 when they not even worth being number 1 !!!”
“Spirit world in dire need of your happiness.”
“Some people live in cages with bars built from their own fears and doubts. Some people live in cages with bars built from other people's fears and doubts; their parents, their friends, their brothers and sisters, their families. Some people live in cages with bars built from the choices others made for them, the circumstances other people imposed upon them. And some people break free.”
“Do not limit yourself to your own preconceptions of yourself, but throw yourself out onto a blank page that you haven't written on yet, and see what you find out about you, see what story unfolds, see what happens! I always do this, and sometimes it can be very frightening! To very often have a blank page with nothing written on it yet! I feel as though I am a soul with a single covering–my body of skin– and that's the only thing between me on the inside and the rest of the world! It's quite frightening to begin each day on a blank page, forgetting your own preconceptions of yourself and allowing your mind to embrace the new! It is like meeting yourself for the first time, over and over again!”
“Freedom is not the absence of commitment, and to be committed to something or to someone does not mean the loss of freedom. But freedom exists in the realm of the unbound and to be free is to be committed to that which is a part of the unbound realm. Whatever sets your soul to flight is freedom. If someone sets your soul to flight, to stay with that person is not to lose freedom but to stay with that person is to retain freedom. Together you have what is unbound. Whatever will swell your spirit and give you wings, is freedom, and it is a fault if you let go of that for the very reason that you are afraid of losing your freedom and in doing so you have in fact let go of what will keep you unbound.”
“I’m barely human. I’m more like a creature; to me, everything gives off a scent! Thoughts, moments, feelings, movements, words left unsaid, words barely spoken; they all have a distinct sense, distinct fragrances! Both a smell and a touch! To inhale is to capture, to experience! I can perceive and I can “touch” in so many odd ways! And so I am made up of all these scents, all these feelings! An illumination of nerve endings!”
“The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better and becoming even more better.”
“Just do it! First you make your habits, then your habits make you!”
“It's time that I stop referring to myself, thinking about myself, planning for myself, according to the gridlines and the timelines and the guidelines of people. I will expand in this universe, I will not stay on the lines nor within the lines written by this world.”
“Freedom is a place, an area. It's a higher place. There are some other people that are here, and things that are here which are unseen. But you first have to set yourself free and believe in what you cannot see, believe that there is something more out there. In freedom can be found many devotions: a devotion to love, a desire to believe, a willingness to be happy, a perseverance to have peace. All these unseen things breathe and grow in the unseen soul. A free person is not an uncommitted person, but in a free person you will find a deep devotion, and a desire to be devoted to even more.”
“ No– but ours is a journey into ourselves, a walk with God every day! Ours is a book that we write, a smile, a love, a tear, a lust, an awakening, a learning, a joy, a laughter, a memory, a dream, a vision, a love, a love, a love and a love. Our life is now. And Heaven is always there, but this life isn't always there, but this life isn't always here. Heaven is always there for us but this life is a gift to us!”
“You know, we can quote the written Word all day to our friends, but nothing will touch them like our own hunger and love for the Word himself. It is not dutiful love that attracts but love freely lavished from a heart familiar with the gardens of heaven.”
“Anak muda adalah kegelisahan derap langkahnya adalah perubahan.”
“I think that there are those who write of life being a skip on the sidewalk, a chocolate bar, a bowl of cherries  the problem with that is it ends up disappointing people. Because life is more like being on the tube in London; you never really know what could happen! But then there are those people who bring a box of chocolates to eat on the tube so life, it isn't a skip on the sidewalk, but it is a matter of strength: "Can I bring my bowl of cherries to feast on while I stand here in the gutter?" that's the essence of life. Can you still put on your rose-colored glasses while your eyes are filled with tears, and see everything in rosy colors? That's the strength that fuels a true life. Can you think to bring your little box of chocolates with you while you sit on the tube running under the streets of London? Because you should. Because even if you don't know anybody, and you don't know what's gonna happen next, you should have your box of chocolates with you. You should eat your bowl of cherries. And that is what life is.”
“It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it ”
“Life is not about perfection. It's about persistence.”
“I do not regret one moment of my life.”
“True friends are always together in spirit." Lucy Maud Montgomery”
“When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”
“Emerge; don’t cower. Endure; don’t run. Nurture; don’t abandon”
“إن طلب العدل مرض,و لكنه المرض الوحيد الذى لا يصيب الحيوانات,كل ما فى الأمر أننا انا و أنت شفينا من هذا المرض فأصبحنا نرى أعراضه على الاّخرين.”
“Be in the World, Not of the World—Kind of like Lucky Charms cereal: there are lots of pretty marshmallows in with the cereal, but they’re not the same. So live with the cereal, but remember: you’re a pretty marshmallow.”
“Receiving is good but giving is much better. Nevertheless, sharing is the best.”
“Do what you love or die a slow death doing what you hate”
“My purpose is: What Lord? Where Lord? When Lord? Yes Lord!”
“Love is something you must accept in order to have, Naomi.”
“The concept of 'home' is not just where one resides, but where the heart resides; in the purest depths of the soul.♥”
“Success for you is a RECIPE that ONLY YOU KNOW the ingredients for.So to you I say ,COOK UP the success that ONLY YOU know how to make and allow the world to see YOUR CREATION!”
“Locating friendship at the heart of mission involves certain assumptions -- that reconciliation with God is something for which every human being is made and relationships are reciprocal.”
“Only something extremely dire and disabling will ever stop a real writer from writing. Retirement is never an option.”
“I don’t want to freeze my eggs. I don’t want to visit a sperm bank. I don’t want to be a single parent, if I have any choice in the matter. I want a nuclear family. I want to put down roots, to let my seeds germinate, to watch them bloom and flourish. Not one day, if and when I ever fall in love again, but now. While I still have my youth, damn it.”
“If everybody else your age is doing something very different than what you're doing, there's always going to be someone saying to you you might not succeed with it, you might not make any money with that  there's always going to be some type of obstacle in the way. All of those things will go away if you really focus on what makes you happy.”
“I am convinced that one should tell one's spiritual director if one has a great desire for Communion, for Our Lord does not come from Heaven every day to stay in a golden ciborium; He comes to find another heaven, the heaven of our soul in which He loves to dwell.”
“It's not whether your glass is empty or full, it's what you do with it that really matters.”
“Faith is not like a raincoat, only to be worn on drizzly days.”
“Somewhere, deep within me, beyond the passion, beyond the beauty of the night, that little spark of Daily magic ignited in me again, began burning in a place that had gone dark and untended, that had yearned to be bright and warm. I felt it now, something old, something new, something complete. Perhaps it had been in there in me all along, the belief that there is a plan and a purpose, that God whispers into every life, some things that are beyond the scope of the mind, and can only be felt with the heart and the spirit. Those dreams, the dreams that are dreamed *for* us, not by us, are the truest of all.”
“Write because you love to write.”
“If a nation has not God that nation must fall, but if a nation has God then all the powers of evil, and all the armies, cannot shake its foundations; no, not even if the whole world is arrayed against it.”
“Tuhanku Yang Maha Lembut,   Maafkanlah aku yang sering kesal dan memarahi diriku sendiri yang tak kunjung selesai membuat kesalahan. Aku tahu, sulit bagiku untuk berlaku sepenuhnya damai, jika hatiku masih menyembunyikan sedikit keburukan. Tuhan, tenagailah ketegasanku untuk kembali ke kesucian jiwaku, agar aku mematang dengan anggun. Aamiin”
“When you don't get love, learn to love yourself more!”
“A hero is not know by the number of battles he has won, but rather by the kind of battles he chooses to fight.”
“Tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.”
“I've never met a person, I don't care what his condition, in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure. I believe in him, for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life any time he is ready and prepared to do it. Whenever he develops the desire he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.”
“The Lord must have created coffee to reward humans for those bad times they sometimes have on Earth. Having charged your heart and brain with a cup of coffee, you’re ready to face the challenges of life. A good cup of coffee makes life seem better.”
“The goal shouldn’t be to make the perfect decision every time but to make less bad decisions than everyone else.”
“The more time you spend thinking, the less time you spend doing. The less time you spend doing, the more you watch others do. This formula never equals success.”
“Always look down, when you are at the top!”
“Simbol, huruf dan angka adalah alat, sedangkan gagasan adalah roh sebuah tulisan.”
“waktu kita di bumi ini sakral adanya, dan kita seharusnya merayakan setiap detiknya”
“It’s more than a bath; it’s a transformative experience. You’re searching for buoyancy in the soul, and spring in your step.”
“[Truth] will keep your soul from withering and dying while you encounter the inevitable tragedy of life. It will help you avoid the terrible desire to seek vengeance for that tragedy-part of the terrible sin of Being, which everything must bear gracefully, just so it can exist.”
“Great leaders don’t lead others with bitterness or resentfulness of past mistakes, they lead with hope and knowledge of the past to inform greater decision making in the future.”
“No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!”
“Your actions will always speak volumes louder than your words ever will! - (G Swiss)”
“It is great to celebrate birthday, but you know what is the greatest?, is to remember our mother who sacrified to gave us birth”
“Some choices are better than others and we, as mortal humans, cannot be expected to always choose the best ones. What we can control is how we evaluate past decisions. Our readiness to reflect and realize that we were wrong. Our ability to admit our wrongs and move forward. To say we are sorry or make amends for mistakes. To apply what we’ve learned from past follies and choose wiser in the present. I contend that in a random and often chaotic world of choices, that is what we can control.”
“No, Mineko, beauty is universal. There is an absolute principle in this world that underlies the appearance and disappearance of all phenomena. That is what we call karma. It is constant and immutable, and gives rise to universal values like beauty and morality.”
“the more I seek Him the more I notice flowers landing next to my feet birds singing outside my window all love letters from the God who knows no coincidence”
“Makeup can contribute to our success.”
“If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present”
“If you want to tell the world who you are, then the world must first show what you do.”
“We live in an age where people pride themselves on individualism and the concept of living authentically. The human race strives towards self-help and desires nothing if not constant self-improvement both inward and outward. So, I ask you, what can be more authentic than learning the truth? How can one form their unique self without first knowing more possibilities? How can a person truly strive for such grandiose dreams of self-improvement without the ability to listen to the advice and knowledge of others?”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Hold yourself back, or heal yourself back together. You decide.”
“Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties  not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.”
“Friendship happens when the distance between the hearts tends to zero.”
“Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.”
“The penalty for procrastination is the loss of hopes and dreams.”
“Love drips like honey from the hive, constant, sweet, precious, into your heart each and every moment if you let it.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.”
“We all have a voice. Some a whisper, some a roar. If you can roar, roar for others. If you can only whisper, keep trying. Every roar started small.”
“Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.”
“How can you trust me, after what your own brother did to you?’ ‘Because he was false,’ said Damen, ‘and you are true. I have never known a truer man.”
“If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.”
“Mere talents does not give glory to God but a humble heart.”
“Love is spiritual oxygen; without it, the soul dies.”
“As architect of your reality, you are empowered to create it as you choose.”
“Happiness is a collection of joyful experiences shared with soul friends. Get together and have some fun!”
“Nurturing a feeling makes it proliferate. Choose wisely. Joy, kindness, love, & caring will illuminate your life.”
“The soul is the entryway to the heart, the heart is the doorway to the mind, the mind is the hallway to the world, and the world is the passageway to the universe.”
“Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.”
“A fish that is afraid of drowning in a river is ignorant of its gifts.”
“Embrace your diverse, prismatic colors! They make you uniquely you!”
“Inspiration is like perspiration. It tends to strike at the most inopportune of times.”
“The best knowledge is knowing yourself and your inner being.”
“You don’t get what you wish for; you get what you work for.”
“Bringing joy to another lights a thousand suns within.”
“We can accept and embrace our pasts as part of the path that shaped who we are now.”
“Transcendent, magical romance happens when you’re one hundred percent present for each other as #supersoul lovers.”
“A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”
“Anyway, the trick is simply this: No matter what happens, keep your heart open. Wide open. The heart is made of love, and love is indestructible, and only the arrogance of ego would presume that it requires protection. To open your heart is to reduce your ego, and this is the only magic that is ever required to experience the naked truth.”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity; but only find fault in those whom they see as better than themselves. There is a fake kind of goodness; and that is the goodness that is only good towards other people that make the givers feel better about themselves. Would you be good to someone you think is so much better than you are? Or who has so much more than you have? Or is your goodness only reserved for those who make you feel like a god because you give to them? Too often, there are shining, beautiful people, who suffer so much in this world, because there would be so many others willing to snuff out their flames! Goodness of a person is not measured by sympathy or compassion; rather, goodness is measured by empathy. Empathy goes beyond all the physical things you see with your two eyes. It’s easy to be good to those you pity; much harder to be good to those whom you envy!”
“Stop thinking of yourself as a victim. You were a target that is now no longer being hit.”
“It is in the darkest hour, when we are faced with our deepest most wrenching fears, that we are given the greatest strength. The choice is whether we succumb to the fear or rise with courage to face our truth and shine our brilliance as our sword of valor.”
“The more you learn, the more you want to learn.”
“Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right. Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“… e mult mai nobil sa ramai lucid oricat te-ar coplesi viata, esti totdeauna mai putin om cand te imbeti, indiferent cum, si daca fuga de realitate nu-i chiar o decadere, ramane totusi o infrangere.”
“Connecting our hearts through love yields a nectar so sweet we are forever full.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“True love begins when you accept yourself in your totality. Then, and only then, can you completely love another.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Self-acceptance is pure power.”
“Love yourself deeply and be satisfied with the amazing life you create.”
“Giving thanks fills you with light and joy so you can shine like the bright star you truly are.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“Truth even in the most whispered tones will always roar.”
“Never let your past mistakes cause you to doubt your future”
“Heart-flow means listening to your intuition and hunches and following your heart. How can you let your heart lead today?”
“An empowered sense of self-love means you truly love and accept yourself as you would a treasured lover or a sweet, wonderful child, and that you do this from a place of strength of character and belief in yourself.”
“You don't have the right to complain about your life if you're not willing to change it”
“As for methods of prayer, all are good, as long as they are sincere.”
“If you're feeling helpless, help someone. ”
“Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.”
“Dreaming is the poetry of Life, and we must be forgiven if we indulge in it a little.”
“You must embrace change before change erases you.”
“If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.”
“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”
“God’s joy can fill our days with gladness until we receive the answer we are waiting for.”
“There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.”
“Don't judge your success by what people think of you. You are your own success.Your determination and perserverence is what matters.”
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in.”
“Change is possible if you allow it to happen. Nothing in life is constant; it's always evolving and that's how life happens for me. Through my adversities I can reach new heights.”
“At times, it can feel like the loneliest place on Earth, because it’s just us. Alone with our unanswered prayers”
“Whether you think you're right or you think you're wrong. You're right." "If you think in pictures, write. If you think in words, paint.”
“Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.”
“Take the first step. No more, no less, and the next will be revealed.”
“The task of modern man is not to find his inner self, but to create himself.”
“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”
“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible. I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”
“Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes to the desires of your heart.”
“Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave like him, react like him as well.”
“Try it before you doubt it, because it might just be for you”
“Live your life as a curious student and you will discover how fascinating it is.”
“A persons limitations are only measured by their drive to succeed”
“The calling of an author is more than just to entertain, but also to share ones experiences with the world.”
“ Length of a straight line is determined by the two tiny dots on both ends ”
“Fear is a probability by its own cause of actions, if we live by it we lose all the possibilities of endurance”
“Because I lay with him… I’ve caught a glimpse of heaven. Or I understand what I need. Or I have the courage to be myself.”
“The wide awake man seizes opportunities or makes them, and thus those who are widest awake usually come to the front.”
“life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.”
“fight for what you believe in, for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”
“Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.”
“I've learned that the universe doesn't care what our motives are, only our actions. So we should do things that will bring about good, even if there is an element of selfishness involved. Like the kids at my school might join the Key Club or Future Buisness Leaders of America, because it's a social thing and looks good on their record, not because they really want to volunteer at the nursing home. But the people at the nursing home still benefit from it, so it's better that the kids do it than not do it. And if they never did it, then they wouldn't find out that they actually liked it.”
“Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.”
“Those that yield are not always weak”
“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”
“But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.”
“There is a higher form of hierarchy and that is the hierarchy of the spirit. When I stand in front of a person, I stand in front of a soul and I have met magnificent souls in bodies possessing no money, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies bathed in riches. In the same light, I have met magnificent souls in bodies bathed in wealth, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies that are impoverished. I am tired of people busying their minds with hierarchy based upon money, because this form of hierarchy is primitive; meanwhile there is an altogether higher form of hierarchy that is of the soul. As you judge man and woman based upon their riches, I laugh at your primitive form of judgment! When I stand in front of a human, I stand in front of a soul.”
“Maybe God doesn't care if we get all dressed up and sit in the pew every Sunday, as Diana believes. Instead, maybe God comes to us through men like Sloth, watching over us as we make our own decisions. Maybe God has always been with me. Opening doors, leading me to opportunities, letting me choose my own path, and loving me even when I chose the wrong one. Never giving up on me. Knowing all along that I am on a journey. That I must find my own way to Him. Maybe River was rights. Maybe God does still believe in me.”
“My friends, don't idolize hardship. What you idolize is what your heart will look for and what your heart looks for is what you will have. And don't capitalize on misfortune, because you will always seek out to have capital! Throw away that pride! Don't put sorrow on a pedestal! If you ask me if I would rather have had my sorrows or not, I will tell you that no, I would rather have not had any of them! In the blink of an eye, I would rid myself of them! I have no pride. I don't rely on hardships and sorrows to mold me into someone. I don't allow myself to be dictated. When hardship and sorrow come knocking, saying "We are responsible for who you are today, let us in!" I'm going to say, in a split second, "No you're not! Go away, I don't owe you anything!”
“Le souvenir n'est qu'un regard posé de temps en temps sur des êtres devenus intérieurs,mais qui ne dépendent pas de la mémoire pour continuer d'exister.”
“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that. We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”
“There are blue diamonds born to the world and given to those who only want glass crystals. There are blue roses born to the world yet given to those who only want daisies. Blue diamond, don't cry because they want glass crystals. Blue rose, don't bleed because they see only the daisies. You were formed in the bedroom of the gods, you were conceived in the garden of the eternal!”
“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift. We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be. We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”
“We all have something redeemable in us, no matter how small." - Laura Armstrong, A Human Element”
“Anybody can make the simple complecated. Creativity is making the complecated simple.”
“If all the people who were called "crazy" started acting "normal", we'd probably still be living in caves.”
“For every woman, there is that one man who could get her to go anywhere he wanted her to go, do anything he wanted her to do—reach into her soul and turn her whole world on its ear—challenge everything she thought she believed. Highlighted by 24 Kindle users”
“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”
“ Make God's Word your Sourcebook ”
“You can't test courage cautiously.” (Annie Dillard)”
“If you are willing to go out on a limb, the tree of life holds endless possibilities.”
“ You mistake other people’s success as your own failure ”
“make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sorts of acquaintances only - those by whom something may be got, and those from whom something may be learned. - Colton”
“Friends who love us know that motherhood is about transitioning--and adjusting, constantly, to those changes. We must become masters of change because that is what life demands of us.”
“I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,—that is, in debauchery. And like the majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.”
“word is like a sword; you should be wise when to use it or it'll kill and ruin everything you did in your past, you're doing at this time, and you're gonna do in the future”
“Pikiran mengendalikan hati manusia”
“A drop of water shall be returned with a burst of spring.”
“Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no “Other.” There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.”
“Librarians are tour-guides for all of knowledge.”
“Time changes all things; there is no reason why language should escape this universal law”
“Transient guests are we.”
“a hero is just somebody who does the right thing when it would be far, far easier to do nothing.” -Cedric Diggory-”
“I is for Integrity, be honest with yourself and others.”
“S is for SCARY! Fear is driven out by action! Bad habits are overcome by good habits.”
“Think outside the square. Think for yourself don't just follow the herd. Think multidisciplinary! Problems by definition, cross many academic disciplines.”
“love yourself,.,.,.,for the sake of your better future”
“When we stop fighting against death, we are able to wake up to our lives.”
“It is the road you take that decides your destiny and not your destiny that decides the road you take.”
“Warren Buffett chuckled and said to me "I hope it's not my bad habits" Good Habits once established are just as hard to break as bad habits and bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow. So what are you going to do about it?”
“More than once, the broken moon would cast through the window a silver light and remind me of independent events yielding to their own momentum and interacting under natural laws while my mind would impose happiness, grief, beauty, ruin, justice and chaos.”
“In a few more days I'd anticipated telling Veronika that our injections had cured her heart condition. But in light of her unscheduled departure form Villette my telling that particular lie will not be required. The majority of people who attempt suicide repeat that attempt until they succeed. I took a risk in lying to her about her condition, i decided to test the only remedy i have come to have any faith in: awareness of life. Until she finds out from some other doctor that she is perfectly healthy. She'll consider each day a miracle. Which in my view it is.”
“I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.”
“uhanku Yang Maha Penyayang, Engkau memerintahkan agar aku memuliakan orang tua dan keluargaku,  dan agar aku memungkinkan pencapaian impian hati mereka. Aku tahu bahwa aku tak mungkin menyembunyikan dari pengetahuan Mu, tentang kerinduan hatiku untuk mampu melakukan yang Kau perintahkan itu. Tuhan, aku mohon Engkau membuka tabir yang selama ini menutupi rezekiku. Mampukanlah aku membahagiakan keluargaku. Aamiin”
“Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul.”
“Genius is the power of lighting one's own fire!”
“Z is for Zany! Master the Zany habit of thinking backwards. it will help you become a really great thinker!”
“Don't tawch meh matherfawker!”
“There is no rest in the heart of God until He knows that you are at resh in His grace.”
“During the crash and burn, I began to burn from cranial crown to flat sole, for meaning and understanding. Every concept, psychological perceptions with hardened pathways, everything that registered as inherited from the communal was starting to dissolve into meaninglessness. The foundational tenets, the pre-established belief systems, instilled sustenance systems tended by both family and extended communal began to dissolve, first as trivial, and then as untenable to my being without validation from me. If my life was worth anything, I choose to live the best life for me. So I entered what I call The Blank State.”
“I pray, before I die, that I receive the power to believe in fairytales again, Oh' how I would love to laugh and know that God laughed with me.”
“Elles étaient en touffes avec des racines d'or, épanouies, enfoncées dans les ténèbres et qui soulevaient des mottes luisantes de nuit. (à propos des étoiles)”
“TanganNya tidak pernah terlalu pendek untuk menjangkau kita kupingNya tidak pernah terlalu bising sehingga tidak bisa mendengar seruan kita & mataNya tidak pernah berada terlalu jauh sehingga tidak bisa memperhatikan kita  Tapi,seringkali hati kita yg terlalu kecil untuk menyadari keberadaanNya & pikiran kita yg terlalu sempit untuk mengakui kekuasaanNya atas semua masalah kita  *nite all..yesaya 55:8”
“The day of perfection is not scheduled on earth.”
“Feeling guilty does not set us free. Being equipped sets us free.”
“The importance of knowing for certain that you have been saved cannot be understated. We do not know how many days, hours, or minutes God has granted us here to have an opportunity to make a choice.”
“jika seluruh hidupmu kau lesakkan dalam satu benda, terpikir olehmu benda apakah itu?”
“X is for X-mas Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. Put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket, then all your Christmases can come at once!”
“To prepare for the mountains develop mind, body, will and spirit as strong as a sword, soft as a pillow and fluid as water.”
“Live well, Laugh often, Love much.”
“For every dilemma, find at least three or four possible solutions. The creative process leads to better results.”
“Life is agid, life is fulgid. Life is what the least of us make most of us feel the least of us make the most of. Life is a burgeoning, a quickening of the dim primordial urge in the murky wastes of time.”
“Over the years I have developed and employed a variety of such coping mechanisms, mostly focusing around a philosophy I call, “Live Because.” “Live Because” is in contrast to what I’ve termed “Live Despite,” which is the idea that people can live rich, full lives in spite of their physical or emotional barriers. “Live Because” takes this a step further by suggesting that in many cases, patients can live a more fulfilling life with their illness than they could ever have done without it. Ehlers-Danlos syndrome has transformed me from a frequently petty and self-absorbed person into the person I am today (still somewhat self-absorbed, but a lot less petty, and with a clearly defined purpose of alleviating whatever suffering I can). I am better because of my illness, and not just in spite of it. But this process was, and still is, a journey. Chronic illness is nearly always accompanied by depression, and the need to constantly remain one step ahead of my illness has left me fearful and exhausted. I could never go through this alone  A part of me will always be angry; such is the process of mourning the pieces of oneself that are lost to chronic disease. I have learned to accept the duality of being bitter and at peace; ignorant and enlightened  while still laying a foundation of hope for the possibility that I can still realize my personal dreams and ambitions, even if not in the exact ways I had expected.”
“No hay caminos para la paz; la paz es el camino.”
“When you make the dream of your heart a treasure of heaven, it holds an eternal value.”
“Feed your self-esteem; not your ego!”
“ the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.”
“Do not 'HOPE', just make 'BELIEVE' in yourself!”
“Humans are not mortals, but their achievements are always!”
“Always read the 'Moral' of the story, it will teach you something!”
“Dreams are what keep us growing. They are what keep us alive. To give up, is to let our dreams die.”
“It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.”
“You don’t need to be a fortress to be strong. You don’t need to build walls to keep yourself safe. Open the windows and let the breeze breathe life into your bones. Go outside, touch the earth with your bare hands, and remind yourself how it feels to plant the seeds of love and watch them bloom into something beautiful. Water those flowers well; your garden will reawaken in the sun.”
“The Root Dear one, It is totally conceivable to accept something Yet still feel unable to ever recover from it For acceptance, my love, is simply the flower, Like a ray of hope through the hazy rain, But the root that it sprouted from, And the stem it grows upon, still remain”
“SHINE JESUS - I have found, the more we point others to Jesus  the more His radiance shines through us. "Those who are wise will shine like the brightest of heavens, and those who turn many to righteousness will shine like stars forever and ever." Daniel 12:3”
“We often trick ourselves into thinking that we possess enough knowledge or control over any given situation to make correct choices. Maybe that is why we hold on to the decisions we make so dearly even when we know we are wrong.”
“when you face disappointments and trials in life, your response dictates the character that will be created in you as a result.”
“A woman of God is never afraid of any storm. She understands that the God she serves will calm the storm.”
“There are two kinds of feeling—one from our body, another from our soul. Love, it is the affection of soul, to soul.”
“Imagine a world full of people who take their choices seriously, carefully weighing the options presented to them. I wonder where we would be if people put as much thought into their decision-making process as they do so many other things in their lives.”
“We are all skyscrapers, continually adding rooms and floors to who we are. Once one floor is done, the next begins and the result is a constant work in progress. The best business leaders treat their companies like projects never to be completed, only improved and refined, so why shouldn’t we also treat ourselves as such?”
“Even in an age where the answer to almost all of life’s questions is a simple Google search away, we often don’t take the time to read the entire article for the answer. We don’t make time to actively seek out the truth, only the first or most relevant result.”
“What we value and our priorities in life make us who we are. We are unique not only because of our outward differences, but arguably more importantly, our inward differences. Our values steer our personal and professional lives and have a distinct imprint on the decisions we make.”
“The only difference between money and blank paper is that I can use blank paper for campfire” - Anuj Jasani”
“People just read about time management and think about time management but execution is a completely different experience that I can't describe in words”
“We have different backgrounds, different arrangements of occurrence and life experiences. Don't trip when you see others doing better than you. Yours is yet to come.”
“Tiếng đàn hay là hay ở dư âm, lời nói hay là lời nói vắn tắt mà hậu ý thâm trầm và man mác.”
“I have so much to share with the world, please be patient and you will get everything you are currently waiting for.”
“I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go. Then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators.”
“Until our world decides that every human matters, that everyone has a right to food and safety and freedom and healthcare and equality, it is the obligation of those privileged to have food and safety and freedom and healthcare and equality to fight tirelessly for those who do not.”
“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
“I want to show the world how darkness can sometimes be so beautiful.”
“Grace is the breath of God—an invisible essence beyond intellect that moves swiftly amongst us. It is not only possible to become a living conduit of this powerful force, grace is immediately accessible to us along with the courage to follow divine guidance.”
“A star is not honored for its size, but for its light.”
“Learn as much as you can. Love as much as you should.”
“and so  the greatest journey has always been - chasing paths where your heart beats and finding moments that leave you breathless”
“Respect for the environment, and respect for what was naturally occurring in nature: that was the bedrock of all original peoples. Harmony, coexistence, not conquest and conquer.”
“You are the softness of the morning dew!”
“The greater the darkness the brighter your light.”
“Staying in the past won't help you move on to your future".”
“When you are on your path, and it is truly your path, doors will open for you where there were no doors for someone else.”
“It is better to walk in light than to dance in darkness.”
“Light cannot lose in a race against darkness, even if denied a head start.”
“Choose to stay away from people who would not let you have your moment. They will talk about their moment in your moments. They will be like yeah you bought a car but my car. You have a house but my house. They don’t let you be and enjoy what you have without them comparing or mentioning what they have that is better than yours.”
“The smallest light has greater power than the largest darkness.”
“Love is the soul's treasure.”
“Light is warmer than darkness.”
“But I don’t think fighting monsters is all that courageous. I think the ultimate act of courage is standing still in the face of a monster. Courage is looking closely enough into its jaws to see it for what it is: an illusion. The monster isn’t real. It’s your fear of the monster that is real. And just about anything in life can look like a monster if the light is just right.”
“You dream of a new world to come, a new world to be birthed, a new dream to be dreamt. In the dream, a flower grows, a lotus from which the creator and the creation will unfold. From which light will begin to shine upon this vast dark sea, unveiling all the magic sleeping within. From this flower, infinite worlds and universes will be born. Each will contain a seed of light. And these seeds will light the heavens for all to guide their journeys by.”
“Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.”
“অতীত-বর্তমান হচ্ছে ক্যানভাস আর ব্যাকগ্রাউন্ড মাত্র, ছবিটা এখনও আঁকা বাকি।”
“No Matter Your Age Or Date - Its Never Too Late! - (G Swiss)”
“Prince Wen-hui’s cook, Ting, was cutting up an ox. Every touch of his hand, every ripple of his shoulders, every step of his feet, every thrust of his knees, every cut of his knife, was in perfect harmony, like the dance of the Mulberry Grove, like the chords of the Lynx Head music. Well done! said the prince. How did you gain such skill? Putting down his knife, Ting said, I follow the Tao, Your Highness, which goes beyond all skills. When I first began cutting up oxen, all I could see was the ox. After three years, I had learned to look beyond the ox. Nowadays I see with my whole being, not with my eyes. I sense the natural lines, and my knife slides through by itself, never touching a joint, much less a bone. A good cook changes knives once a year: he cuts. An ordinary cook changes knives once a month: he hacks. This knife of mine has lasted for nineteen years; it has cut up thousands of oxen, but its blade is as sharp as if it were new. Between the joints there are spaces, and the blade has no thickness. Having no thickness, it slips right through; there’s more than enough room for it. And when I come to a difficult part, I slow down, I focus my attention, I barely move, the knife finds its way, until suddenly the flesh falls apart on its own. I stand there and let the joy of the work fill me. Then I wipe the blade clean and put it away. Bravo! cried the prince. From the words of this cook, I have learned how to live my life.”
“Sometimes a journey is not about the traveler. It is not about a destination. It is about the bringing together of worlds. It is about lighting a path.”
“His mission is not to wait until the world ends, but to find a way to the other side before it does. To prop open the door before it can be locked. To tie a suture before the fatal wound is made. To let in the moonlight before the sun is allowed to rise.”
“We live in a world where people believe they have full control of their choices and decisions, but rarely have the holistic knowledge to effectively wield such power.”
“Having an understanding of the human mind and how it functions is probably the single most important thing anyone who wants to be successful can do”
“We have two choices when it comes to creating impactful change in people’s decision-making process. We can create technology to prohibit or create rules to follow”
“The greatest leaders in the world fight cognitive bias by developing 'rules to live by' and carefully following predetermined routines to maximize efficiency and control of their environment”
“Above everything else, genuinely love yourself first. Self-love is powerful and it’s the best love that you will ever have. When you love who YOU are, your relationships will be healthier and your life will be happier. Self-love sets the standard in how we allow others to treat us and how we treat ourselves. Your happiness and well-being is important. Protect it by always valuing who you are!”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“Every day send some blessings to the world. Let there be flow of love”
“علمتني تجربتي أنه لو اكتفينا بالقليل ، لن نحصل على الكثير. لا مصلحة لنا في الحد من طموحاتنا.”
“The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.”
“Languages connect us and break down barriers when we unite to nurture the best in us and help each other succeed. Happy International Mother Language Day!”
“Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Be thankful for the efforts of people who worked hard to get you where you are; you should not take it for granted and treat them with indifference.”
“Don’t be afraid of criticism; the tallest trees are always confronted by the strongest winds.”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“A diamond earns its sparkle from the pressure it endures.”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“Be the person that will take the first step towards personal success. You will be remembered for it.”
“Every act of goodness is born from our desire to be happy.”
“Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“Start small and keep going.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“Be your own limited edition.”
“It is not what we have that matters; what matters is what we give away with love.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“Your greatness is measured by your horizons.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“when all this started, I asked myself, 'Am I going to withdraw from the world, like most people do, or am I going to live?' I decided I'm going to live---or at least try to live---the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humor, with composure.”
“God created the soul pure, simple and clean of all stain of sin, with a certain beatific instinct towards Himself whence original sin, which the soul finds in itself, draws it away, and when actual is added to original sin the soul is drawn yet further away. The further it departs from its beatific instinct, the more malignant it becomes because it corresponds less to God.”
“Only what is below you tries to pull you down.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“Wishes are possibilities. Dare to make a wish.”
“Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.”
“Why settle for a lesser vision? When you are destiny for greatness!”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Never be afraid to travel on a new path.”
“Follow your heart. Then root its longing with the facts.”
“Everyday gratitude sweetens what appears flavorless and brightens all that appears dim.”
“You know what's just as powerful as a good cup of coffee in the morning? Starting your day with some good, loving thoughts. It can change how your whole day unfolds.”
“Making time to experience joy is the single most important thing you can do to heal your heart.”
“Loving yourself is required for authentic relationships.”
“An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.”
“The Lord is God. God is Holy.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“Creativity flows when the mind is light. Be light and ignite your imagination.”
“When you give your mind, body, and heart the message that you are worth the effort of being conscious, miraculous things start to happen.”
“Listen within to find shining poetry and hear extraordinary music. You are a work of art.”
“Life gave me lemons, then I met you and you had Vodka. Now my life is a party.”
“Do not wait for life. Do not long for it. Be aware, always and at every moment, that the miracle is in the here and now.”
“Yes I have done it all. Tested the shallow waters, swam through the dangerous tides, met strangers, seen friends turn strangers, taken risks to achieve my goals, persevered to out do myself each time, rose high, fell hard, learned to climb, learned to dream and in dreaming learned to relate to reality. I have earned respect, achieved things very young, believed in my potential, questioned it too but through it all I have never stopped to aspire. I am a human and I must adapt to the changing seasons, learn new skills and master them all. Now as I stand and look up, I see a heap of laurels yet to achieve and chest of mysteries yet to resolve. I am not one in the crowd. I'll forever be the one whom they could never be”
“We are entirely made up of dreams yearning to be lived. At every point in time, DO what you can, when you can and however you can to invest your time and efforts in your dreams; directly and without evasion.”
“Interconnection permeates the entire universe. We are all one.”
“Success is the relentless pursuit of joy.”
“Thanksgiving is a joyous invitation to shower the world with love and gratitude.”
“What are five things you are grateful for? Right now? Open to gratitude and you will soften into joy.”
“When it hurt to look back, look forward.”
“True enough. I say this all the time. Trez looked at his hands. “I didn’t ask for this.” “No one asks for life.” The executioner hiked iAm’s body up higher. “And sometimes they do not ask for death ”
“Keberuntungan yang berlebihan selalu mengundang dengki.”
“A sense of the divine presence and indwelling bears the soul towards heaven as upon the wings of eagles.”
“When you want something, he entire universe conspires to help you achieve it.”
“In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.”
“I have always believed in the power of collaboration. Early on in my professional career, I realized that you can't develop all the competencies you need fast enough on your own. Furthermore, if you don't collaborate, your ideas will be limited to your own abilities. As a result, you will not be able to serve your clientele and thus can't achieve the anticipated impact.”
“It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.”
“IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.”
“The creative mind seeks chance and accident while everyone else seeks control and order. Rod Judkins ‘Change Your Mind”
“By recalling God’s past provision, we can reassure ourselves that what He has done in the past, He will do again in the future.”
“Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.”
“A Controlled Mind Can Create All That It Words !”
“A whetstone, though it cannot cut, may sharpen a knife that will.”
“Deal with your past so that it won't affect your future.”
“life is worth living when you have someone to share it with ..”
“If we will turn to God in prayer, and if we will seek His comfort through His Words in the Bible, we will find our hearts and minds healed.”
“Policy-makers continue to discover that they cannot solve today’s problems with yesterday’s mindsets”
“Don't worry about the negative people may say about you. Learn from it and move on.”
“Never fear Love's absence in your life, because it already exists within you, in great abundance.”
“We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later”
“Saya adalah produk gagal yang sedang dalam proses pendauran ulang. :)”
“Never worry a bit in Life. Always be full of merriment.”
“Ninety percent of everything you believe you can achieve in life you will.”
“ A man is only as rich as the people around him ”
“True success cannot be achieved until you have experienced failure”
“Having the best doesn't make you the best but producing the best makes you the best”
“Enjoy every day and make each day great”
“The Poetry of Love We see the world with the eyes of a small child. We visualize the beauty of the world with an unique magic sense,and unfold our deeper feelings and expectations diffusing the seizing negative forces that stretch out their threatening tentacles. We give blow and shape in our dreams. We seek for Love through unfamiliar new people and new experiences. Love is a vivid spirit, a big breath that touches upon each piece of our existence, our each cell… Love affiliates a lot of forms, exists and fits everywhere. Each flight of a small bird, the flutter of an incredible beauty butterfly, the stones wetted by waters of Aquamarine River, the branches of the trees that dally with the blow of wind, all these is the Spirit of Love. When you love in a genuine way, love everything. You are not bothered by the babble of Nature and the strange reactions of people. You hear the sounds of everyday routine with bigger consequence. Overtakes the meanness consequently and with courage. You seek truth in small things. You live the each moment as if it's unique. Love for nature. Love for life. Love for people.”
“Kenangi yang lalu, hadapi yang baru dengan penuh kesyukuran.”
“Peace begins when expectations end.”
“Live for today, for there is only today”
“Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your own reckoning.”
“I love words.  I crave descriptions that overwhelm my imagination with vivid detail.  I dwell on phrases that make my heart thrum.  I cherish expressions that pierce my emotions and force the tears to spill over.   In essence, I long for a writer's soul sealed in ink on the page.”
“Do not do what you cannot continue to deliver. For, remember, the world wants to see a continuity of delivery of set standards !”
“It Hurts It Kills It Teaches  It Thrills “IT” Is LIFE !”
“But just remember: a woman's like a rose; if you treat her right, she'll bloom, if you don't, she'll wilt.”
“Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything ”
“Nothing Comes Home You Have To Get OUT & Get IT~!”
“The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE”
“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing! Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly, & Sharing the success with all!”
“Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours, Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action  While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words ”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!”
“The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE !”
“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best  For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..”
“You never leave your partner! Especially in a fire!”
“The best way to solve a problem is to prevent it.”
“Too many people are missing their destiny a year at a time because they're too scared to think in decades!" (p. 127)”
“Los pensamientos que acuden a mi mente cuando corro se parecen a las nubes del cielo. Nubes de diversas formas y tamaños. Nubes que vienen y se van. Pero el cielo siempre es el cielo. Las nubes son sólo meras invitadas. Algo que pasa de largo y se dispersa. Y sólo queda el cielo. El cielo es algo que, al tiempo que existe, no existe. Algo material y a la vez, inmaterial. Y a nosotros no nos queda sino aceptar ka existencia de ese inmenso recipiente tal cual es e intentar ir asimilándolo.”
“If you're lost and alone Or you're sinking like a stone Carry on  May your past be the sound Of your feet upon the ground Carry on”
“Life is short,Live it long”
“One who has reached a goal no longer travels the road" (Pauline Christianity, p. 111)”
“ Ma már nem gondolom, hogy út, szenvedés, fáradtság nélkül célba lehet jutni.”
“You're never losing when you're learning !”
“I promise. For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote: To think and try not to over think. To breathe, but not hyperventilate. To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst. To call you when I'm in trouble. To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.”
“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”
“Apabila dalam diri seseorang masih ada rasa malu dan takut untuk berbuat suatu kebaikan, maka jaminan bagi orang tersebut adalah tidak akan bertemunya ia dengan kemajuan selangkah pun”
“I NAME THIS LAND TOMORROW, FOR IT SHALL LAST FOREVERMORE!”
“We are the ones we've been waiting for.”
“What you believe you can receive if you doubt it you will do without it.”
“When dreams become words to share with others - amazing things can happen.”
“Last night at Bingo, Sylvia won the last prize. 'What am I going to do with a mermaid?" "Learn to swim in the murkiest water, reinvent yourself," the mermaid said #149”
“Harus menjadi pemberani pada hidup yang dipilih, harus menjadi pejuang pada hidup yang di luar pilihan.”
“Kein Schiff trägt uns besser in ferne Länder, als ein Buch.”
“Do not presume that richness or poorness will bring you happiness.”
“The tricky part about discovering our giftedness is that it may be in an area that feels unexpected.”
“The choices one makes, not one's blood, determine one's destiny - John Steinbeck”
“she was lucky if he stood behind her. Not so lucky if he came to crush her. And a woman might only learn the truth of it—when he walked out of her life. Highlighted by 9 Kindle users”
“No one in this world can change your habits, but only you can .. so, MOst powerfull person of this world is you..!   .keep that in your mind!”
“A champion is someone ho gets up, een when he can't”
“But men and women are different in the way that they feel loved. Men like to be admired for what they do, for their integrity and their accomplishments, whether it’s at work or at the gym or mowing the lawn, because it makes them feel manly. When a woman tells a man that she is proud of him, or she tells him that he did a good job, he’ll about bend over backwards to take care of her and love her.” “But women like attention from men, because it makes them feel feminine and adored. That’s why they’re always fixin’ themselves up, doing their hair, wearing pretty clothes and makeup and jewelry and perfume. It’s all to attract your attention, you know.” (Thelma Jenkins)”
“Time bows to authentic commitment, and it stretches to accommodate it.”
“Do not blame your parents for not working hard enough to birth you with silver spoon in your mouth because tomorrow you will be a parent and your children will in turn blame you for not giving birth to them with the desired silver spoon.”
“Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.”
“Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.”
“The world should have been in Technicolour, but seemed more like black and white.”
“Nervousness kill us  because we think we have only one opportunity that is in the Present and we don't think about the future! We loose our balance.”
“Love cannot be hidden. It even shines in the darkest places." ~ Carla Olson Gade, The Shadow Catcher's Daughter”
“Here, in this quiet place we own, worlds are born. ~Run the Voodoo Down~”
“Always set small, realistic goals that you know you can achieve first. But don't give up on the bigger ones that may seem too far from your reach.”
“you are you when you are true”
“I am reminded that the children we birth do not belong to us. They belong to God. We are simply the vessel through which they arrive on this earth. We are appointed to care for and guide them; however, we must recognize when the time comes for them to govern their own lives.”
“I can do nothing without His help. Oh, Lord, what ignorance thinking everything was wealth.”
“The Prince is the only option to a better living. His arm is reliable and dependable. Get to Him, stay glued and remain on Top!”
“Il culmine del piacere è la pura e semplice distruzione del dolore.”
“This is a time when all of God's people need to keep their eyes and their Bibles wide open. We must ask God for discernment as never before.”
“على الرغم من اننى مازلت اتذكر التعصب فى حادثة جامعة برنستون, فغايتى ان استمر فى عملى بجد و عزيمة و اخلاص لأحقق هدفى فى نهاية الأمر.. و ربما استطيع بذلك تغيير رأى هؤلاء الناس بمرور الزمن, و أما اذا وقفت مكتوف الايدى متذمرا, او اندب حظى و أرثى لحالى فعندئذ لن احقق شيئا و لن اتقدم خطوة الى الأمام.”
“Because ” he used to cradle his daughter in his arms every morning and often they would exchange soft nuances “ if you can dream it, if you can see it in your visions at night, if you can feel it in your soul, it’s yours! And it never really belonged to anyone else, in the first place! It was always yours!” Viera returned her scroll to the drawer and closed it, she kissed the compass around her neck and climbed into her bed under the warm quilts, the candle flame crackled and the memories of her father’s arms around her embraced her there in bed and his deep, hoarse voice resounded in her ears; “  and if you chance upon a treasure that is yours and it happens to be in the possession of someone else, it’s not very wrong to take what is yours, to take what you dreamed, what you saw in your visions at night, what you felt visit you in your spirit! Sure, it’s not lawful, but aye aye my little one, listen to me when I tell you that the best things in life are not under the laws of any sort! For which law created love? Which law created courage? The best things, the real things, are the things that are not measured by any man’s laws! Fear is the only thing that any law has ever created! And what kind of pirates would we all be if we were afraid of any of our fears, even a little!”
“Edine meje v tvojem življenju so tiste, ki si jih postaviš sam.”
“If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus. Nothing is going to happen - ever - that will catch Jesus Christ by surprise. He is able to help His children work through anything, and not a single thing is going to happen in the future that can change that fact.”
“Courage is living by the free will that one creates for themselves, not the life of monotony determined by another.”
“When you don't know what the answer is, you know *Who* the answer is.”
“Just remember, the difference between being good versus being great is just a few points, inches, or seconds.”
“Sreča pride z dobro presojo, dobra presoja pride z izkušnjami in izkušnje pridejo s slabo presojo.”
“My study of prophecy convinces me that God intends knowledge of future events to help us "occupy" with a sense of urgency until the Lord returns.”
“the holiest place on earth is where an ancient hatred has become apresent love.”
“God is as real as a station wagon.”
“Do you know why I believe in the Lord Jesus and what He says? Because He has proved to me that He has my best interests at heart. What could He do that He did not do? He already gave His life for us (Romans 5:8-10; 8:32)”
“What He said He would do He always did, and the things we already see fulfilled in His Word simply remind us that what He said about the future will take place just as surely.”
“We can remove the veil that shrouds our understanding and made us forget who we truly are. When we understand the core self and live from the core self, the myth of separation, concepts of separation, color, religion, class, intelligence…all these fade away. We are not our color. We are not our religion. We are not our sexual preference. We are human beings. We are spiritual beings.”
“When you are like the tree, there is oneness with the Earth, Sun and Moon, but still steadfast in your purpose.”
“If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus.”
“After Every Storm There Is A Rainbow”
“Ah, yes, choice. I chose to let my ghosts stay in past. Past is history you know. Living is now. I sat. I breathed. I let past go. I let future go. I am. That is all.”
“[Christ] will come again. But we must look to Scripture, not human thought, for our guide to preparing.”
“Amid the thousands of shrill voices screaming for our attention, there is but on Voice we need to hear. The voice of the Lord Jesus Christ.”
“[Jesus] not only kept Himself from engaging in evil, He also continually acted in ways that honored and glorified god. He not only continually avoided the negative, He always pursued the positive.”
“Each of us has a vulnerability like Edmund's that Satan is eager to exploit. It may be something addictive like drugs or alcohol, or it may be something seemingly harmless and perhaps even good like food, friendship, or work.”
“A escolha entre livros e pessoas sempre lhe fora fácil. Mil vezes enterrada em palavras do que em sentimentos.”
“Afinal de contas há coisas que, por mais que se tente usar uma voz agradável e umas palavras dóceis, são inalteráveis. A verdade é o que é! E há verdades que não podem ser adoçadas.”
“Afinal, o que seriam mais umas horas sem a admissão de culpa do homem? Uma gota no oceano.”
“Múmias não eram mais assustadoras do que qualquer obra de arte naquele museu. Eram artefactos, coisas mortas, extintas há muito tempo, sem alma e sem sentimentos. Os vivos eram mais aterrorizadores.”
“A necessidade de calor humano leva-nos a procurar companhia nos sítios mais estranhos e, por vezes, nos menos adequados.”
“Como acalmar a fúria, apaziguar a angústia e explicar o inexplicável?”
“Not doing harder than doing.”
“What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind-then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it's all as it should be.”
“All one can really leave one's children is what's inside their heads. Education, in other words, and not earthly possessions, is the ultimate legacy, the only thing that cannot be taken away.”
“Denying yourself a life of personal freedom is denying yourself of a life worth living.”
“I am going to open myself up to all that is superior in the world and beyond and I am going to spend time trying to take delight in things! Not finding ruin in them! If the ruin of you is what you look for, the ruin of you is what you are going to find!”
“When all is said and done all anyone has left is their integrity at their core  Don't give that away too.”
“The tide was a poem that only time could create, and I watched it stream and brim and makes its steady dash homeward, to the ocean.”
“He won't listen to the music, and I can't turn it off.”
“Remember that a wish held fervently turns into belief, and a belief held diligently becomes reality.”
“We've all received our share of good fortune, so that's my definition of much. A single blessing is all the bounty in the world, and if you've been blessed at all you're meant to pass some of that on. You're meant to set a positive example. That's our responsibility" (20) - Denzel Washington, "So that We Might Follow”
“Let yourself be enchanted in small ways.”
“A dream is an idea involving a sense of possibilities rather than probabilities, of potential rather than limits. A dream is the wellspring of passion, giving us direction and pointing us to lofty heights. It is an expression of optimism, hope and values lofty enough to capture the imagination and engage the spirit. Dreams grab us and move us. They are capable of lifting us to new heights and overcoming self-imposed limitations.”
“If you buy an egg thinking it's a goose's egg, and when it hatches it is actually a bird of paradise; no manner of convincing and reproach will turn the bird of paradise into a goose. Even if you make it go to goose church and goose school and eat goose feeds and only hang out with geese! In the end, it will still belong to paradise.”
“Jesus knew that many of his listeners believed the old wineskin (or way of doing things) was good enough. They were comfortable with their beliefs and practices, but Jesus hadn't come to patch up old religious traditions. He was offering a new garment, a new wineskin, a way of life that didn't abolish the old ways, but fulfilled them. The teaching illuminated my own need to remain pliable before God. I realize that I must have a softer housing for my growing faith, one that can flex and change as God is at work inside of me. All too often I find myself clinging to that which is comfortable and familiar, rather than embracing the challenges that emerge with change and growth. Sometimes I shy away from people who have strong views that differ from mine, even though sharing a great conversation  could temper both our viewpoints and deepen our relationship. Why do I run away from strong opinions and potential conflict? Am I too comfortable and unwilling to change? Such a realization highlights the need for the Spirit in my life not just to discern and distinguish, but also to illuminate and invite me to move forward into the fullness of life with him." -Scouting the Divine”
“لا ينبغى أن نخجل من أمر فُرض علينا , مهما كان , ما دمنا لم نقترفه”
“The day we put an end to believing in hope will be the day we stop existing, for without hope, we are nothing.”
“Don’t let anyone set restrictions on your life You chart the course of your own future, not anyone else. Don’t let people have such a power over you. Because if you’re always racing against their standards, then what’s the point of reaching a useless finish line?”
“Be the Light you seek so desperately in your life and chase away that darkness.”
“Go where your nose leads you”
“The mandarins of culture—what do they do to teach the common folk to read? It's no good writing down lists of books for farmers and compiling five-foot shelves; you've got to go out and visit the people yourself—take the books to them, talk to the teachers and bully the editors of country newspapers and farm magazines and tell the children stories—and then little by little you begin to get good books circulating in the veins of the nation. It's a great work, mind you!”
“I used to fear things like not having enough alcohol and drugs, or the money to get them. Now I fear someone holding me down and physically forcing me to take drugs and drink alcohol. I fear that for some reason I wouldn't be allowed or wouldn't be able to read anymore.”
“Kebathilan selama bila pun (abadan abada) tidak boleh dianggap benar kerana ukuran ramainya yang menyokong - atau sudah diarus perdanakan. Dan kebenaran pula - dalam apa jua zaman dan ruang masa pun - tidak boleh diinjak mati dan dilenyap punah hanya semata dititipkan rohnya oleh sebatang pena dan selembar kertas.”
“أيهما أفضل  أن تكون رجلاً فى زمن الرجال ،أم أن تكون رجلاً فى زمان عز فيه الرجال صدقنى  .القضية من الأساس أن تكون رجلاً”
“Que as nossas palavras ressoem para sempre pela eternidade e que nunca sejam esquecidas. Se por ventura se perderem perdidos estaremos.”
“Why can you see the stars at night, but not the light ”
“Know that true change is demonstrated only by your actions around everyone, not just certain people.”
“It is through imagination that we transcend understanding and travel into the world of possibilities.”
“Chakravyuh mein ghusne se pehle, Before entering the circle of deceit, kaun tha mein aur kaisa tha, who I was, and what I was, yeh mujhe yaad hi na rahega. I would not remember. Chakravyuh mein ghusne ke baad, After entering the circle of deceit, mere aur chakravyuh ke beech, (there was) between me and the circle, sirf ek jaanleva nikat’ta thi, only a deathly intimacy iska mujhe pata hi na chalega. that I never realised.”
“Awak HEBAT! Buktikan & tonjolkan KEHEBATAN Awak .. =)”
“ISE LO GUN ISE.”
“decision is of the mind not of the mouth also determination is of the heart not of the head- Golden Life Foundation”
“We're never called on to do what hurts. We just do what hurts out of ignorance and habit. Once we see what we're doing, we can stop.”
“To create a new business that makes money, and more significantly, employs others, and more significantly, gives a product to a customer that improves their life, is our greatest challenge, our greatest opportunity, and the greatest gift, far greater than any charity that we can give our fellow person.”
“The Buddha encouraged people to "know for yourselves that certain things are unwholesome and wrong. And when you do, then give them up. And when you know for yourselves that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them." The message is always to examine and see for yourself. When you see for yourself what is true-and that's really the only way that you can genuinely know anything-then embrace it. Until then, just suspend judgment and criticism.”
“In-existence, the soul’s greatest imposition is its perfection. It is projected as a perfected form of the physical embodiment, an emblem of things, perhaps hyperreal and untouchably perfect as existence. It can not be! The soul in-existence is nothing of perfection. It is raw potential. The soul is nothing but potential. To be specific, the soul is unordered potential!”
“Tonight I saw Jesus with the eyes on my face. He looks half lion and half man. But not more like a lion and not more like a man, rather the same, I have never seen anything like the face of Jesus before, %100 one thing but %100 another thing: a lion man!” “Where did you see Him at?” “On the surface of my blanket as I lay in bed. He was suddenly drawn onto it, like a sketch, and that same moment I knew He was showing His face to me, finally.” “Why do you think He did that?” “I think He thought it was about time.”
“Worth as I use it here is immeasurable, not as in mathematics towards infinity. But that it can not be measured. There are no measurable parameters for it! Certainly not a material-communal measurable parameter for it! Such, it is what the being holds that cannot and should never be traded. When it is there, every essence of your being knows it, and takes commands from it that will be able to override any personal or imposed sense of value.”
“Freedom is in the Now”
“God can turn the impossibile into possibilities. Possibilities become opportunities. Opportunities leads us one step closer to our dreams!”
“The Yorubas have a saying, here, my translation in English--a poor fool is a bigger fool rich. In other words, money only allows and enables you to be more of who you are. My bigger translation? You don't jump essence, you jump environs!”
“Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition." Transition is the tension present between struggle and grace.”
“There's a very positive relationship between people's ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it.”
“ 'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.' ”
“Doing what I like to do, the way I like to do it   makes me happy.”
“Say you are at the brink of killing yourself and someone tries to talk you out of it. You’ve already thought about it and your life is not worth living. Someone else comes along and tries to convince you not to kill yourself. Is there someone out there that can convince you not to kill yourself? What can they possibly say to convince you that your life, the one you have firsthand knowledge of, is worth living? There is that one answer. No one! There is that other answer. Nothing!”
“I have a picture of the Pont Neuf on a wall in my apartment, but i know that Paris is really on the closet shelf, in the box next to the sleeping bag, with the rest of my diaries.”
“The rainbow is the pot of gold to those who observe.”
“When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.”
“The truth came to me-a great revelation, showing me that I have a child to the Jones whole and perfect mind, created to express the health that God with.”
“A matter, as the famous book intoned, of finding the shade of the parachute that best complemented you. But really: With no parachute at all you'd hit the pavement so hard it probably wouldn't even hurt, and you'd unleash a whole new color palate-bone, blood, muscle-in the process.”
“dont aom for success if u want it just do what u love n believe in and it wil come naturaly.”
“Create the things you wish existed”
“In the dance of hearts, love weaves its mystery, casting an enchanting spell that leaves us forever intrigued.”
“An author must comprehend that their purpose is not to write for sales or reviews but to motivate individuals and the upcoming generation. Sales and everything else will follow when the vision is kept in focus.”
“Since childhood, we have conditioned ourselves to stay away from the rain. The rain is not the problem. What the rain represents is the problem. All we hear are the voices of our 'loved ones' who brainwashed us with their broken view of life whenever it rains.”
“Never explain to anyone because people don't realize your feelings until it happens to them.”
“External validation is based on what you do, internal validation is based on who you are.”
“It's never about what you already know, it's always about what you can learn.”
“Even If It is still the same Monday every week, but it is a different new day. Meaning you have new opportunities. You have new chances given to you. You have new 24 hours to begin. You can start again. You can start over. You can try again. Try new approaches, New Ideas, and new ways of looking at things.”
“Sepanjang kau mau bekerja, kau tidak bisa disebut pengangguran. Ada banyak anak muda berpendidikan di negeri ini yang lebih senang menganggur dibandingkan bekerja seadanya. Gengsi, dipikirnya tidak pantas dengan ijazah yang dia punya. Itulah kenapa angka pengangguran kita tinggi sekali, padahal tanah dan air terbentang luas”
“True freedom is the canvas on which human dignity is painted; it is a place where rights are honoured, voices are heard, and the spirit soars free of the shackles of oppression.”
“Ever since living things have existed, they have acknowledged God's might, because He created them.”
“God created everything because of His ultimate power, wisdom, and understanding.”
“Remember, God doesn't demand perfection. That is His job.”
“If we knowingly choose to hide our God-given talents, then we are not fully honoring God.”
“God designed each of us to have different creative talents to fill different daily needs.”
“He gave us these gifts on earth so that we could bless others and spread the Gospel in our own effective ways.”
“God's artistic signature is visibly hidden inside of every breathing thing on earth.”
“Using your imagination allows your freedom from this world and gives you the ability to enjoy a glimpse of heaven.”
“God created His first human being-Adam-from clay! We are made from the earth and connected to it.”
“My goal is to reveal all the beautifully hidden symbols of God's love through creativity and art making.”
“Like the clay that has been recycled and reclaimed, our lives have the capacity for change spiritually.”
“I want to guide you on this creative journey to see how our creativity is Spiritually rooted in God. It is a God-given skill that we all can use to praise and glorify Him.”
“Within the realms of words, my heart takes flight, and amid the dance of ideas, my soul uncovers its genuine liberation.”
“It is never too late to wake up, It is never too late to try, As long as you have a dream, you have a reason to wake up, And if nothing, at least try!”
“Day ends The sun is waning Sailing out across the sea Night falls The shadows come But I've another sun in me.”
“In the world of dreams and ambitions, half-heartedness leads to nowhere.”
“But for me living without loving you is not possible, As for the Moon to shine without the Sun is impossible.”
“Global food insecurity is a stark reminder that in a world of abundance, there is a fundamental need to ensure the access to food in every community.”
“All creative activities is, to some extent, done partly with the intention to rectify or fix yourself. In other words, by relativizing yourself, by adapting your soul to a form that's different from what it is now, you can resolve - or sublimate - the contradictions, rifts, and distortions that inevitably crop up in the process of being alive. And if things go well, this effect can be shared with readers.”
“Kindness is a gentle touch that heals unseen wounds, whereas compassion is the empathy that binds us in our common human experience.”
“Strength is not just a word; it's a testament to the resilience within us. To all the survivors out there, your courage lights up the darkest paths. Each step you take, each breath you conquer, is a victory that speaks volumes. Your journey inspires us all to rise, heal, and thrive. Remember, your story isn't just about what you've been through; it's about the incredible person you've become.”
“You don’t have to lie to tell the truth. One lie of what is happening or what happened makes the whole thing unbelievable and questionable.”
“In the dance of the elements, a stone's weight becomes a guardian's embrace, sheltering a delicate leaf from the tumultuous winds of life.”
“Life tried to break you, but here you stand, unbroken and stronger than ever. Your story is a reminder that healing is possible, and your strength is an inspiration to us all.”
“This is not about public speaking. Public speaking is a middle-aged white guy standing in front of a podium, telling you details you don’t need to know about a topic you’re not all that interested in. He thinks he’s funny. His mustache is funny. This is about finding your voice and using it fearlessly.”
“I don’t believe in lowering the pitch of a woman's voice so she can be heard on a microphone that was made for a man. I don't believe that the natural sound of a woman's voice makes her sound 'annoying' or 'unintelligent.' I do believe that all women are capable, by making small, specific changes, to speak in a way that both reflects who she is and commands a room.”
“I never look back to see how far I have come. I look back to see how much I have grown and how many lives I have touched.”
“The beginning of everything is to believe, never to doubt.”
“You get to choose whether you tell a story that exhausts you or one that energizes you.”
“Little by little, small acts make a big difference. The good news is that consistent right actions breed greatness. The bad news is that repeated wrong choices effect insignificance. Choose wisely.”
“This book is designed to strengthen your faith and give you another angle from which to view your relationship with God.”
“The clay doesn't know what temperature it needs to be fired to; that is the potter's job. We don't know what kinds of trials we need to undergo to become the person God wants us to be, but He does!”
“Creativity doesn't stop when we get that one project right, it is ingrained in our lives--inescapable.”
“Stop taking your creativity for granted, or even worse, forgetting it altogether. You are a child of God! He has given you not only the right to be creative, but also the capacity for creativity!”
“The purpose of this book is to show the creativity of God and to reveal that He has instilled that same imagination inside you too.”
“God wanted us to know that He is willing to come meet us where we are, stuck in the mud, and create a new life for us.”
“We used art as a crutch instead of as a vitamin. we should take a dose of creativity every day! If it makes us more joyful in the experience, then why are we choosing to be joyless?”
“We live in a fallen world. We make mistakes. Recipes are misleading. Winging it can be dangerous if you don't know how to fly. Whatever the reason, some things just don't turn out for us because we simply aren't God.”
“We have the freedom to create in a world that God created because He loves us enough to give us the free will - imagination - to create.”
“That is what I wish for you as you move forward, to remember that God is a peace-loving God.”
“Have we been worshiping our own creations more than we are praising God for giving us the ability to create?”
“We did not earn creativity, nor did God forget to give creativity to some of us.”
“If we thought God's imagination and creativity for earth were astounding, just wait until God creates the New Heaven and New Earth!”
“I love to envision God as the Master Potter. Even though we mess up, He tells us that He is not giving up on us.”
“Just like the glazes, everyone is created for a purpose. Just because someone else has different talents than us does not make either of us more important.”
“Just like the artist chooses the clay, God chose you specifically to do the purpose He has in mind for you.”
“As God's creation, my job is to point back to Him. I should praise Him for making me instead of complaining to Him about how He chose to make me.”
“Like the clay on the wheel, we must be willing to change, sometimes drastically, in order to remain centered in Christ.”
“Similar to the clay on the wheel, if we are not centered in God's truth, we will be "off-centered" Christians.”
“The potter must do the work, but the clay must be at a soft enough state to be receptive to it.”
“Centering is not just for the wheel! We must also center our spiritual lives with the ways of the Lord.”
“You are His work; you are His creation.”
“In the same way a potter signs her work with a stamp, God signs His masterpieces.”
“We are only human and clay is only clay.”
“God has given us such a unique relationship with Him that can be better understood through clay.”
“Just as how making something for someone else blesses both the giver and receiver, so does praising God.”
“Even though we may think we are flawed, God has made us each exactly how He designed us.”
“Mistakes serve as a reminder that life’s canvas is not perfect, but it’s the imperfections that make it a masterpiece worth cherishing.”
“Every day, the sun paints the world in light— you can do the same.”
“We all need help sometimes. And when someone is the right person at the right time for you, whatever little help they offer will enrich your life forever; and vice versa.”
“Other people could be comparing your progress to those of others. But you're in your own world and should be concerned mostly about your development. The external pressure is unnecessary.”
“They say that Rome wasn't built in one day. And nothing is built in one day. Even if an action happens in one day, the planning took place in the mind days, months, or even years before.”
“It's your own pace, race, and phase.”
“Learn, build, and master.”
“Indeed, even if one masters the skill, there's always a room for advancement.”
“Be fearless.”
“The law is, at most times, the best measure of our limitations.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“Sometimes the dangerous places are not marked. Be sure to use your senses in such situations.”
“Remain in your lane. But only in times of danger.”
“Have friends.”
“Laugh often.”
“You can laugh at small things, small mistakes, and/or small gestures.”
“Share your jokes with people who will understand, not with people who you're trying to impress.”
“When people say they laugh often together, it could indicate an easy feeling between the connection of their energies. Or it could simply indicate that there are no serious issues to discuss.”
“Recognise the type of laughter that you receive. Some people laugh when they're intensely irritated, and not necessarily because they find you amusing.”
“When people or things hurt you, have some strength to continue living your life.”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“A friend is like a guardian angel who lifts you up when your wings forget how to fly and carries you through life’s challenges with unwavering support.”
“Everyone feels empty at some point, but we can fill the emptiness in our life. We can always fill up our empty life.”
“I’m not the one you need to be scared of,” said the failure. I just smiled and whistled my favorite song.”
“I deserve it all, the good and the bad.”
“To all those people who are too worried about bringing their life "On Track", the Track doesn't exist!! It's just a matrix created by society for you to follow when they can't escape it for themselves.”
“Hurting others is a trait of ego. Do not injure in so far as you cannot correct it.”
“Abasing is a vital infrastructure for abundance.”
“Fiscal responsibility is key to financial strength, enabling efficient financial navigation during market uncertainty with purpose and prudence.”
“Takdir memang memiliki sulur-sulur benangnya, tetapi kitalah yang merajutnya dengan tindakan dan pilihan kita. Keimananku pada takdir tidak membuatku pasif.”
“Don’t just live. Dig deep and enjoy the thrill.”
“When doubt whispers in your ear, roar with confidence and see how dreams can thrive in the face of uncertainty.”
“If the broken little girl is still a baby, let her grow into a lady.”
“Art shouldn't be necessarily done for an audience. Sometimes creating for yourself can be equally rewarding.”
“Creativity helps us fulfil our purposes in this life.”
“Draw, dance, invent, plan, just do anything to stimulate your imagination.”
“Seek people with whom you can either create or share your creation.”
“The greatest person that ever lived is not one that made so much furtune, but one that finished his life assignment before he/she dies.”
“The greatest person that ever lived is not one that made so much fortune, but one that finished his life assignment before he/she dies.”
“Until you get better on the inside, things will not get better on the outside. For the inward perfection is the outward reflection of beauty and excellence. They are the proofs of what we have become inside.”
“Humans are the greatest mines. The deposits in the earth of our body are greater than the deposits in the earth of the ground. The deposits in the earth of our body are called Potentials.”
“Being creative, in any form, gives magical powers to an individual. One transforms from being just a person to being a creator.”
“There is a parallel relationship between being creative and being intelligent.”
“Adversity is the wind beneath your wings, propelling you higher than you ever imagined. Accept the storm as the catalyst for your ascension.”
“Creativity enhances all senses. But the best part is that one gets to tap into their sixth sense as well.”
“Creativity doesn't require competition. Do it for you or for a good cause.”
“Be open to learning new things.”
“The first step to learning new things is the realisation that we don’t know. Some get stuck on this step, and some never arrive to it. Some get to advance to the second step, which is accepting that we don't know. Thereafter, some will further advance into seeking knowledge to fill the gap. Then, some will seek understanding of that knowledge. From that group, which is usually only a few individuals, some will apply that understanding to obtain results. But the process doesn't end there. Because some will analyse those results. Then after that, some will report the results for others to gain insight. Then the cycle starts again. In the end, the question is: where are you in this process of learning?”
“Learning something doesn't guarantee that you'll retain the knowledge forever.”
“As studies have shown, there’s a difference between data, information, and knowledge. Always assess what you're gaining.”
“Be open to learning new things. That's how we grow and evolve.”
“Discernment and learning are best friends. One should never desert the other.”
“An improvement comes through openness and willingness.”
“Not all lessons are meant to help you. Some are presented to you to distract you from reaching your destiny. A shoemaker’s technical lessons are not so useful to a fruit seller.”
“Spend as much time on lessons as needed. You don't want to have any regrets.”
“Be open to share and receive lessons. It's a cycle of life.”
“Utilise the internet to gain more knowledge. At times people are busy completing their own lessons, thus unable to teach you everything that you need to know.”
“Take your time when mastering a new skill.”
“Nothing is known in a minute. Nothing is known in one shot.”
“Things could be messy and clumsy the first time you try something. But with time, the mess starts to disappear.”
“If you do not know your heart, you do not know your God.”
“Just like a sculptor takes time to mould a sculpture, take your time to hone your skills too.”
“There is no set time for a skill to be attained. Each skill is required uniquely at a certain time and from each person.”
“Energies speak louder than voices. Most times they can protect you but deceive you at other times.”
“When the energy in the room doesn't feel right, probably, it's not right. But sometimes it's also because of you.”
“Toddlers will attach themselves to energies that feel comfortable to them. Because energies don't lie.”
“People lie and deceive but energies don't.”
“Whether Jesus is feet away or miles ahead, the journey will always be worth it because God has better things in store.”
“Look people in their left eye. You'll get to know where you stand with them much easier.”
“Stand in the room. And stand with those who follow the truth.”
“Stand in the room. But stand against those who easily connect with the lies.”
“The room could either be empty or filled with people but always know that it's full of energy.”
“Know when to stay, and when to leave the room.”
“Some people might make you feel that you don't belong in certain spaces. The reality is that it's possible that they're the ones who don't belong there. So, when there's discomfort, don't be in a hurry to leave .”
“Listen to your instincts.”
“Passion makes me who I am”
“A dor ensina, sempre.”
“Even the most fruitful seeds remain dormant until they are planted in good soil. To give the seeds of our dreams the best chance to come alive, our purposeful actions must speak louder than our pathetic excuses.”
“Even the most fruitful seeds remain dormant until planted in good soil. To give our dreams the best chance to blossom, our purposeful actions must speak louder than our pathetic excuses.”
“Dream like Joseph, then wait for God to execute it. A man with God-given dreams.”
“In the symphony of life, knowing when to heed the wisdom of experts and when to lend an ear to the collective voices of people is the art of harmony.”
“If an encounter with a person doesn't feel right, probably it's not right.”
“At times, we know when people are cheating us, but sadly we've become desensitised to our instincts.”
“Seek comfort when in need.”
“The first person from whom we find our comfort is our mother. But she is not the limit.”
“What is mine will never leave. What leave was never mine.”
“Juan y Perro en el fondo saben que esos ruidos persistirán en tanto haya injusticia en esta tierra investida por ese diosito dominguero que algunos tienen ”
“The most admirable thing you can do in this world is to show up for yourself.”
“Comfort is not love. But love can be comfort.”
“What you lack in experience, make up for it in confidence.”
“Connect with your creative side.”
“Take a hobby. Explore your creative nature.”
“One of the best feelings on earth is having your hands build something.”
“Choose any sport or entertainment that stimulates your mind and body. At least, commit to one.”
“Don't play to compete. Play to have fun.”
“If it's giving you stress, it's not the right game for you.”
“Play often. Play regularly. But never play all the time.”
“Some games require a certain skill. Never shy away from acquiring it if you find the game worthwhile.”
“Some plays are best shared with others, while some are best enjoyed alone.”
“Your family members will not always be around to play with you. Have other external trusted parties.”
“Have a variety of games in which you engage. Variety sharpens your cognitive skills.”
“Don’t be shy to play alone when others refuse to play with you or aren’t available due to other commitments.”
“Public places are for everyone to enjoy. Never allow a bully to infringe upon your right to use.”
“The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.” —Tom Clancy “To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.” —Leonard Bernstein "Sharing what you have is more important than what you have." --Albert M. Wells, Jr. Sign Up to receive a quote like this each Wednesday, visit my website: michaelzbooks(DOT)com”
“Be forged through the fire, not destroyed by it.”
“In the vastness of a Mother’s love, like water, we find solace, nourishment, and unwavering support.”
“Eating is important for your survival. But eating as a passion is a matter of a choice.”
“Eat healthy foods. A healthy diet eliminates the expenses of doctor visits and the gym.”
“Do not shy away from eating alone. Even going to a restaurant alone is ideal.”
“Do not shy away from snacking in-between the meals. If it's healthy snacks, the body will thank you.”
“Drink lots of healthy liquids. Water remains the best option.”
“Eat according to your personal rhythm. Don't hurry or slower yourself down to match others.”
“Try foods from other cultures too. Food gets you closer into knowing other people.”
“Be brave to express your raw emotions.”
“Crying, laughing, and screaming are expressions that result from felt emotions. Express yourself in the manner that is most comfortable to you.”
“Express yourself in the manner that is most comfortable to you.”
“The more you practice admitting the rawness of your emotions, the easier your heart will feel. And the clearer your life will be.”
“Be kind to other people  particularly, to those on whom your survival depends.”
“Smile. Your smile can soften even the hardest hearts.”
“Say ‘please and thank you’. It really works in getting what you want.”
“In harsh times, and as a last resort, cry yourself out. Express your desperation.”
“Use different requesting methods, even if asking for the same thing.”
“Explain why you're refusing to participate in an activity, or to accept an offer made to you.”
“ضع نصب عينيك دائمًا في حياتك هذا المبدأ )ابدأ في أقرب وقت ممكن، لم يتأخر الوقت بعد للبدء( فإذا كان هدفك هو الحصول على درجة الماجستير أو الدكتوراه فهناك من يبدأ في التحضر للحصول على هذه الدرجات في المرحلة الثانوية، وهناك من يبدأ في التحضر للحصول عليها في سن الأربعن أو أكثر، فكل منهما يستطيع الحصول على فرصته ولكن الفارق بالنهاية يكون في إرادة الشخص ذاته وقدرته على التميز والتفوق.”
“There’s nothing more inspiring than a person’s courage to heal.”
“Give it your all, because greatness awaits those who rise to the occasion with unwavering determination.”
“Value your time. Don’t time your values.”
“Let us seek connection with nature, like the butterfly does, by nurturing our relationships with the world around us and finding solace in its wonders.”
“I'm a distruptive writer. I start sentences where I want to start them. I put a comma where I want to put it. This is simply because to advance the human mind, some rules should be broken.”
“When we begin to live like wildflowers, we put so much of our hearts into blossoming even in the most hostile surroundings.”
“In nature, everything is interconnected and woven together in a delicate dance of harmony and balance.”
“Hello read and buy this book is always ready to contribute a great impact in your life.”
“In the vast garden of humanity, diverse religions bloom like exquisite flowers, teaching us to appreciate the various paths that lead to a higher truth.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them." ~Charles Bukowski”
“We can't expect roots to ground us, magnificent birds to surround us or flowers to bloom from our deeds- without first planting the seeds.”
“Never hold tightly on to the past because it will only limit your ability to move forward.”
“I'm okay with walking this path alone.”
“Mercy? A mate to men”
“Love? Gentle on every given day.”
“To remain authentic to your soul’s mission is a titanic task. Committing to shining the Light in such a dark world is something that only heroes do. Use your talents to serve the Light, regardless of the key that will open the pass to higher realms and the new earth.”
“At these challenging times of widespread anxiety, when so many things seem to be falling apart, fear can tempt us to get stuck in our convictions. During this chaotic transitional period, there is an urgent need to transcend ego-centered views and approach the situation from a broader, healthier perspective.”
“Everything that has happened to us has a reason, although we could not understand it at the time. Our soul has chosen the most appropriate encounters and circumstances for our growth. Everything has been perfect as it was.”
“Faith and power are inseparable allies. When you believe in something wholeheartedly, you bestow upon it the absolute power to manifest in your life.”
“Learning to be happy in the face of unfulfilled dreams is a part of life. But when your refuge is the One with the proven track record of meeting every need at the right time, life is a joyful existence of making the best of every situation.”
“If you carry joy in your heart, the burdens of life will become lighter, and your journey will become a dance of joy and contentment.”
“God is not so limited that He cannot act outside the boundaries of physical law, for it is He alone who decides where those boundaries lie.”
“Delayed gratification is the bridge between your present sacrifices and your future abundance.”
“Devour your fears or they will devour you. Fear is a lie, stop believing lies.”
“Only you know what your relationship is with God, and you should never let anyone take that from you.”
“Amidst the silent void, celestial music whispers secrets of the universe, resonating in the hearts of stargazers, revealing cosmic mysteries that transcend time and space.”
“I’ve always been a person who has believed in the love and in the power of love. It occurred to me that it is an essence which connects to the hearts of people, to the hearts of the beasts and to the One-Above-All.…… .…………. Sometimes, if people are dysfunctional together, they will have dysfunctional families and kids who are dysfunctional to the society, each in a unique disorderly way. Love, is the key to disorder and anarchy as it emanates from truth and then further emanates commitment, care, respect and sacrifice. It has the powers over emotions of a human and their mindset and it has been bringing changes to the lives of people. The problem of dysfunctional relationships is the connection is based upon truths which are not mutually established. To make a relationship functional is very much possible and is as essential to being human as the fact that we are very intelligent beings. A love based on truth will always shine brighter in any dark night. But who wants a love like that? And who dares to love as such? All that forever? Would you dare?.…………. ……. All that and many things more but not anymore. I now believe that only love cannot make anyone do everything. Neither everything is dearly loved nor it is reciprocated gracefully. Some loves fall away as the leaves of the autumn; some fires are washed by little waters; and some boats never make it to the shore. If love is truly your goal and the goal of your love is love itself then the pillars of love shall always remain true. Be good to the people you meet. And be good to those who hurt you as well. Someday, sometime, it will make sense to everyone.”
“Just as air sustains life, a Father’s love silently anchors us, giving strength to our roots and lifting us towards the skies.”
“The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.” —Tom Clancy “To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.” —Leonard Bernstein "Sharing what you have is more important than what you have." --Albert M. Wells, Jr. Sign Up to receive a quote like this each Wednesday, visit my website”
“We are all interconnected, like particles of dust and ashes, a reminder that our actions ripple through time and affect the world around us.”
“hope rises after letting go”
“I am inspired by people who are willing to confront the shadows of themselves and find light.”
“A seemingly muted interim is the springboard of Providence, rife with lessons of preparation for the next chapter, often we won't move until those lessons are pondered and applied in the heart of understanding.”
“जिस व्यक्ति में आत्म-ज्ञान प्राप्त करने की तीव्र लालसा होती है, वह अपने वास्तविक स्वरूप को ईश्वर के रूप में अनुभव करता है।”
“Let your voice soar like a bird’s song, unaffected by the thoughts or opinions of others.”
“لاتفكر فى ماضيك ولا مستقبلك ركز فى حاضرك لتشطب ما لا يعجبك بماضيك ولتصنع مستقبل يليق بك.”
“Time tell stories, stories need time to be profound!”
“Food is not merely a means of satiating our hunger, but a source of sustenance that fuels our existence.”
“You must distinguish between a reality and mentality. You might find out that some of the problems or struggles don’t even exist. Your mind created them for you, and they are the ones blocking you from success. The way you see things or people might not be the reality. Might be your mind misleading you.You might be hating people for wrong reasons or no reasons at all. You might even change your life, character or lifestyle thinking you are this person, but to find out that you are not. The real enemy can be your mind not the people you think are of.”
“Either you want change or you want comfort, but you can't have both.”
“To know our heritage is like a tree with roots.”
“Some Flowers bloom quickly, yet magnificent trees need time to grow and fill the air with their beautiful branches.”
“Motivation is temporary, determination is permanent. Motivation may give you courage to start but if you are not determined you will eventually give up. You are determined only if you have a goal no matter whether it is a small one or gigantic.”
“Change your words. Change your world.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“Do not be afraid to unravel the layers of your being and delve into the depths of your potential. Embrace your myth, for it contains the power to change how you live.”
“Light must come from inside.You cannot ask the darkness to leave you; You must turn on the light.”
“Ask questions, practice gentle and kind communication, and you will see how many doors of opportunity will open for you, and then all you have to do is step in and explore.”
“Curiosity is an engine of life that adds light and warmth to the everyday hustle, and questions are a spark needed to start it.”
“Creativity can flourish in times of crisis, and the absence of specific instruments, circumstances can become a motivator to create. Shifting attention from “I don’t have this, that’s why I can’t do that” to “I want this, and how can I get that?” liberates intrinsic resources that help to be proactive and see opportunities rather than obstacles. Creativity is the result of giving birth to something new, and it’s challenging but the result is gratifying.”
“The darker the night, the more delightful the dawn. So, when the journey to your big goal gets tough and your heart is weary; a blissful breakthrough is on the way, as long as you keep pressing forward.”
“Here was light, and flowers, and colours in profusion. There was a loom in the corner, and baskets of fine, thin thread in bright, bright hues. The woven coverlet on the bed, and the drapings on the open windows were unlike anything I had ever seen, woven in geometric patterns that somehow suggested fields of flowers beneath a blue sky. A wide pottery bowl held floating flowers and a slim silver fingerling swam about the stems and above the bright pebbles that floored it. I tried to imagine the pale cynical Fool in the midst of all this colour and art. I took a step further into the room, and saw something that moved my heart aside in my chest. A baby. That was what I took it for at first, and without thinking, I took the next two steps and knelt beside the basket that cradled it. But it was not a living child, but a doll, crafted with such incredible art that almost I expected to see the small chest move with breath. I reached a hand to the pale, delicate face, but dared not touch it. The curve of the brow, the closed eyelids, the faint rose that suffused the tiny cheeks, even the small hand that rested on top of the coverlets were more perfect that I supposed a made thing could be. Of what delicate clay it had been crafted, I could not guess, nor what hand had inked the tiny eyelashes that curled on the infant’s cheek. The tiny coverlet was embroidered all over with pansies, and the pillow was of satin. I don’t know how long I knelt there, as silent as if it were truly a sleeping babe. But eventually I rose, and backed out of the Fool’s room, and then drew the door silently closed behind me.” - Robin Hobb | Farseer Trilogy Book 1 | Assassin’s Apprentice Chapter Nineteen | Journey”
“Never feel guilty or ashamed for the mistakes of others.”
“  au fur et à mesure que le progrès se développe, il faut payer de plus en plus cher des avantages de plus en plus minces. Si au début l'avion réduit la traversée de l'Atlantique de six jours à douze heures et le passage de l'hélice au réacteur à sept heures, pour un investissement bien plus lourd, Concorde ne la réduit (formalités et trajet jusqu'à l'aérodrome compris) que de sept à cinq heures. Si ce développement continue, on peut imaginer un Super-Concorde qui fera gagner cinq minutes en mobilisant toutes les ressources de la nation. De même pour le progrès par excellence, celui de la médecine. Au début il sauve à relativement peu de frais des millions de jeunes ou d'adultes de la variole puis de la tuberculose ; mais, poussé trop loin au prix d'un outillage qui ruine les hôpitaux, il ne sert plus qu'à prolonger l'agonie des mourants.”
“The present moment is the source of life in all its richness and potential. Recognise that the source of now is here and seize the opportunity to live fully in the present.”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“Being different is a natural reaction to the unnatural circumstances of human evolution. Anyone with half a brain realizes that the status quo is counterproductive to a sustainable future and questions the herd mentality that is leading us over this cliff. Ignorantly following the crowd is acceptable, so being smart is quirky. Call me quirky any day.”
“Never go a day without laughing”
“Pain is a prerequisite to greatness”
“Of everything you could be and everything you do, the greatest thing of all, Henri, is simply to be you.”
“We could only choose which path to take to our destination. What happened along the way was entirely up to chance.”
“Coming from a struggling middle class family, I have come here to the stage where the esteemed people all over the world are loving and sharing my words. If you have a dream and a passion, then don't let it go!”
“Unless you realize your true Self as the Divine, Your life is meaningless.”
“Loud is an attitude as much as it is volume.”
“Every situation holds the possibility of a miracle. And for those who seek refuge in the One who shows His greatness in ways that the human intellect often can’t grasp, there is never a shortage of miracles to behold.”
“Walk at your own pace, don't run after others because your journey may not be the same.”
“Life is a journey that necessitates progress. Keep moving, because each step brings you closer to your goals.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“Leadership entails the ability to inspire others to reach their full potential, fostering a collective vision, and empowering them to create a better tomorrow.”
“Second Confrontation With The Limp. Today while ascending the escalators, In the crowd of thousands of spectators, The limp appeared once again, With similar signature of pain and strain, And the drag with which he pulled his right foot, Today seemed shorter than half a foot, He appeared to be moving in a definite direction, Without any doubts or dereliction, As I was ascending the escalator, He was descending the stairs one at a time , like a helpless procrastinator, And there I caught a glimpse of human emotion, A feeling of surging and pristinely humane sensation, A man who must have been in his mid sixties and ascending the escalator beside me, With side parted grey hair and a composed look that even skies longed to see, Caught the sight of the limp holding his bag in his left hand, While he held his right leg with his right hand and pushed it to the next step, to maintain balance and anyhow stand, He descended the stairs with caution, one step at a time, And the left leg, was in complete denial to rhyme, With the floundering right foot supported by his ankle high shoes, But there was nothing to cover or hide his face bearing the painful blues, The man looked at him and turned to see him again and again, Then without making it obvious, he removed his spectacles and cleared his tears, as he revived his look simple and plain, But it seemed he missed a heart beat when he saw the man limping in the crowd, A rush of emotion crossed him and surged his existence and for anyone equally sensitive, it was silent yet very loud, His feelings of sympathy were displayed all over his face, The sadness that he managed to hide with a synthetic grace, Failed in preventing him to constantly turn his head and look at the limping man, Perhaps it reminded him of someone dear or he felt a fellow human beings pain culminating in the form of the limping man, And he quietly wept and maybe felt deeply sorry for the limp and his relentless dragging, For whatever reason the limp too turned and looked back, and both were locked in a momentary emotional tugging, Where the limp gently smiled and bowed a bit, The man tried to smile too but he couldn't, so he lifted his hand slowly and waved it at him, as if to tell him, keep walking, never stop or sit, And then both pursued, rather were lured by their destinies, One ascending, the other one descending, with their own dreams, own hopes and a bunch of certainties, The man must be where he ought to be, the limp too might be at his destination now, But today both of them conquered their destinies with that humbling and simple bow!”
“Butterfly in a world of your own What will you do? Where are you off to today? Floating in between cars, hitchhiking through dreams. With miniature shades to block the sun from your eyes. Be careful to avoid the passing cars That you may not see coming & the children that chase you. Coming this much closer to catching you, in search Of how bright you’ve made their day. Butterfly in a world of its own. Do you know the beauty you possess? Shopping for orange & yellow dresses That compliment your wings, Barefoot in the wind. Often forgetting where you put your purse. Effortless & utterly flawless. Butterfly in a world of your own I too hope that your day is as golden As you are”
“Try to work on being okay with being a total reject, a freak, a wobbly little weirdo, a loser, a fine-ass hottie, and an ordinary everyday girl with all kinds of struggles. It’s okay. Try to remind yourself, every single day, that it’s you who decides if you’re happy or not, the real you, the current you, not the past you. And your happiness should definitely not be up to everybody else in this goddamn shitty, fucked-up world. Remember that things are always changing. Remember that love, even if it goes bad in the end, was still a good thing, because it came from you, out of who you are as a person. Remember that the good times, when they happen, are worth all the trouble. Remember that sadness and heartbreak, frustration and loss, even bitter, hopeless fucking tragedy, they’re all part of what makes a beautiful story. Just like flaws, freakiness, fuck-ups, and all your fallible character defects are all part of what makes a fantastic fucking you. Remember that making mistakes doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you a human being, somebody who’s just trying to get through this fucked up life, just like everybody else, and doesn’t know everything. Sometimes you screw up. Sometimes a fuck up ruins lives. But you’re only a bad person if you don’t learn anything from your mistakes, if you just keep going, like a bull in a China shop, hurting people over and over forever, never changing. Remember that you can still love yourself, even if you’ve made horrible, terrible mistakes, even if you’ve ruined people’s lives. You can still love who you are. You have to, or you won’t survive. Remember that the awful things people did to you do not define who you are. Your choices define who you are, and you never chose any of that shit. Remember that you’re not all alone in being a freak. Remember that you fucking rock.”
“Not only are we all unique, we're also all connected. Therefore, it makes no sense that you could ever be rejected.”
“Everything and everyone, including you and I, are made up of the magic from the stars in the sky.”
“No one is less than, no one is more, we are all exactly the same at the core.”
“Our differences are special. They're our gifts to be shared. They shouldn't be shameful or a reason to be scared. Of everything you could be and everything you do, the greatest thing of all, Henri, is simply to be you.”
“My feet are shaking but I’ll do whatever it takes to take a step forward.”
“The passage of time should never extinguish your spark or diminish your dreams; always remember, you are never too old to shine brightly.”
“Be an evening general, content at manoeuvring the day’s skirmishes, and not a conscripted grunt griping about duty and suffering. At day’s end, plan tomorrow’s advances.”
“And when your illusion of fear towards death decays- your life starts to ripen.”
“In the face of change, do not be afraid to spread your wings and let the winds guide you to new horizons.”
“Thank You LORD For oceans Wide and deep That You keep In ocean beds Ocean beds  that are Porous as the clouds That hold the mist and the rain Cushion the falling hail And blanket white flakes of snow”
“Life is a multi-generational relay game. Each generation reaps the fruits of the sacrifices or excuses of the generations before it. And one life well lived can be a legacy of pleasure passed on for generations.”
“If you think you have enough knowledge, you are still ignorant; always be a learner.”
“It takes a while, but all of us will find our path. That day is not far away.”
“Look beyond the words spoken; actions speak louder than words and reveal the true motives behind any pretext.”
“A book is a gift you can open again and again." – Garrison Kellor "Some books leave us free and some books make us free." – Ralph Waldo Emerson "Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers." – Charles W. Eliot "A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors." – Charles Baudelaire "There are some books that reached through the noise of life to grab you by the collar and speak only of the truest things." – Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot "Books are mirrors: You only see in them what you already have inside you." – Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind "Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head." – Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies "A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies  The man who never reads lives only one." – George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons "Reading is an active, imaginative act; it takes work." – Khaled Hosseini "Reading is an exercise in empathy; an exercise in walking in someone else’s shoes for a while." – Malorie Blackman "That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you’re not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong." – F. Scott Fitzgerald "Once you learn to read, you will be forever free." – Frederick Douglass "Reading makes immigrants of us all. It takes us away from home, but more important, it finds homes for us everywhere." – Jean Rhys "We tell ourselves stories in order to live." – Joan Didion, The White Album”
“The major fear of man is the fear of death. Death is not the end of existence, death is separation. A man doesn’t stop existing because he died physically. He must exist somewhere else in another realm where he would be held accountable.”
“Some Christians may only realize there was nothing to fear in death after they have died. They missed the breaking news of the resurrection morning: "ONE DAY DEATH TASTED LIFE AND DIED FOREVER”
“The progression of time is inevitable nor can it can it be controlled; but we can control what we do within the time available to us.”
“Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.”
“The progression of time is inevitable nor can we control it; but we can control what we do within the time available to us.”
“Đạo lớn không khó, chỉ hiềm lựa chọn. Chớ khởi yêu ghét, rỗng suốt minh bạch. Sai lạc đường tơ, đất trời xa cách. Muốn được hiện tiền, chớ còn xuôi ngược. Thuận nghịch tranh nhau, đó là tâm bệnh.”
“Ignorance isn’t always the problem. Sometimes, it’s also the solution. It depends on how you see it.”
“By helping others, we expand our joy and fly like we were born to do so.”
“Those who win are not always the WINNERS.”
“Effective Supply Chain Management is key to the attenuation of global scarcity of vital commodities.”
“Live your life with purpose, keep creating, keep growing , keep striving to become the best you can be!”
“Gratitude shields you from the calamity of greed. When you are grateful for all that is meaningful in your life, your heart is guided not to covet all that is attractive but superfluous that is not in your life.”
“The only reason for a test is to grow our faith in His ability to help us pass it.”
“All those times we were chasing spirits, stalking graveyards at midnight, and camping out in haunted houses, there was a Spirit waiting for us. This One wants to be found, felt, and experienced. Not just with electromagnetic equipment and infrared thermometers but our living human beings.”
“The closing of a happiness door serves as a reminder that, no matter what our circumstances, we have the power within us to create our own happiness.”
“If it didn't come with being humiliated, it wouldn't be my life at all.”
“You are immensely gifted my friend You can find it within you Like I found something within me A few years ago ”
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.”
“I am just a mirror. I show your true reflection.”
“Being soulful makes you desire depth. You look for depth in everything and everyone. You look for meaning in things that you encounter. Even when you meet someone for the first time you look for their soul. You are not fascinated by shine and sparkle. But you are fascinated by rawness and strength. Their 'soul' that they have held on to and not yet abandoned to the world!”
“The cold hard fact of courage is that it has to spring from within. Because it's opposite, fear, lives inside of us as well fear really is alive, even when it's just sitting there, free from its influence. Still we are aware how dangerous it is. How debilitating it is, how crippling and how it stops us some times.”
“I / We have a choice - either to become a selfish man like a Demon or to become a good Man. And I / We must choose to become a Good Man.”
“Making others happy can give us happiness. I treated the staff in a restaurant to a plate of Momos. Little things can make our World a better place.”
“We open up our vulnerabilities when we face past trauma - but in the end, our vulnerable side is our strength!”
“Our soul wounds took time to show themselves, and they will take time to heal. And healing requires compassion.”
“The truth of it is that Hell is self-created, as is Heaven, and everything in between.”
“It's okay to look back in the past, just don't stare  Darla Gale”
“There's no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day.”
“Change the perception in life of criticism into challenges, luck into opportunity, achievements into Inspiration, Ideas into Invention and become a Brand that does not demand to be introduced.”
“The only true failure is allowing fear of failure to prevent you from acting and pursuing your dreams.”
“Not only are we all unique, we're also all connected. Therefore, it makes no sense that you could ever be rejected. Everything and everyone, including you and I, are made up of the magic from the stars in the sky. No one is less than, no one is more, we are all exactly the same at the core.”
“When life gives us challenges, they are opportunities to grow, just like storms feed the plants and give us rainbows.”
“Do not lose yourself in the crowd. You are the only one you've got. Take care of your soul.”
“The greatest legacy to create is never what we leave behind, but what we leave within. Shared Moments, Experiences, Kindness, Lessons, and Love are all greater than things.”
“It's not enough knowing that you can walk on water, Peter. You have to get out of the boat.”
“After everything has been said and done, all you have is your story. Make sure it's worth telling.”
“You are a sum product of every thought you've ever had, every belief you've ever held, and every decision you have ever taken. Don't be fooled; whatever's going on in your mind at this very moment is either hindering you or advancing your progress. Take care of your thoughts.”
“Life is the only trip where the journey is more important than the destination.”
“A man who does not know his weaknesses will never understand his strength.”
“Your struggle is not vain. Have faith, and be patient enough to discover why God let it all happen.”
“Beware of the small things. A small leak can sink a great ship.”
“My father taught me well  I'm still learning most of the lessons.”
“Never judge what you have not experienced. Every moment is a new experience.”
“Genuinely love & give love to people  It is the highest form of honoring the Creator.”
“No other person will ever treat you or respect you Better than yourself. The way you carry yourself sets the standard for others to do the same.”
“Handle every situation and carry each weight with dignity". #LessonsFromMyFather”
“Not only did you overcome the greatest of odds to be born alive, You are also a descendent of a long line of people  A long line of people who lived, laughed, dreamt, overcame, and loved. A descendent of a great line of kings, queens, heroes, heroines, warriors, and conquerors. You are a product of a long tale of love stories that bore fruit. A result of love stories that had to birth specific people at specific times since the beginning of time  You, my friend, are the ultimate testimony and proof that love lives. Love qualified you to be here.”
“Everyone and Everything you love becomes a part of who you are. You just never realize how much until they are gone.”
“Remember that you are only alive now. This is the only moment you have. Embrace it.”
“As water transitions from air to ice, and water again; so do we. Like water, Being is a transition of mind, body, and spirit  Like air, which exists despite water or ice, Spirit exists despite body or mind. Love is our living waters. God is Love.”
“People who believe humans are naturally bad will find evidence everywhere, just as someone who believes everyone is good will find as much proof. When the two extremes of a philosophical argument are proven true, we can conclude that the reality is somewhere in the middle.”
“My motto is that you can’t always control what happens to you in life, but you can control your reaction.”
“Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others have discovered the secret to genuine happiness and fulfilment.”
“It is not hard to walk without looking, it is hard to walk without seeing".”
“You see me walking away, I see myself walking towards greatness.”
“When you try to live your most authentic life, some of your relationships will be put in jeopardy. Losing them is a risk worth bearing, Finding a way to keep them in your life is a challenge worth taking on.”
“It is ok to hate your father, but it is not ok to hate every father. It is not every man fault that you father left you or couldn’t be there for you. It is not every mans fault that your father was not or is not a good man. Let those man who are good fathers be celebrated, honored, cherished and loved, without making them feel like we are doing a favor and they don’t deserve to be celebrated. Let’s not take away their hard work, love , dedication, care and sacrifice. Let’s not make all their work be tainted by men who failed to show up. To every man who is a father or who is doing father duties. Happy Fathers Day King and Long live the King.”
“لا يكفي أن تستطيع إصلاح الأوتار في كمان، ولكن عليك أن تعرف كيف تعزف عليه. لا يكفي أن يكون لك حقل، ولكن عليك أن تعرف كيف تحرثه وتبذره.”
“Life's too short to play small with your talents. “You were born into the opportunity as well as the responsibility to become legendary. You’ve been built to achieve masterwork-level projects, designed to realize unusually important pursuits and constructed to be a force for good on this tiny planet. You have it in you to reclaim sovereignty over your primal greatness in a civilization that has become fairly uncivilized. To restore your nobility in a global community where the majority shops for nice shoes and acquires expensive things yet rarely invests in a better self. Your personal leadership requires—no, demands—that you stop being a cyber-zombie relentlessly attracted to digital devices and restructure your life to model mastery, exemplify decency and relinquish the self-centeredness that keeps good people limited. The great women and men of the world were all givers, not takers. Renounce the common delusion that those who accumulate the most win. Instead, do work that is heroic—that staggers your marketplace by the quality of its originality as well as from the helpfulness it provides. While you do so, my recommendation is that you also create a private life strong in ethics, rich with marvelous beauty and unyielding when it comes to the protection of your inner peace. This, my friends, is how you soar with the angels. And walk alongside the gods.”
“Life's too short to play small with your talents. “You were born into the opportunity as well as the responsibility to become legendary. You’ve been built to achieve masterwork-level projects, designed to realize unusually important pursuits and constructed to be a force for good on this tiny planet. You have it in you to reclaim sovereignty over your primal greatness in a civilization that has become fairly uncivilized. To restore your nobility in a global community where the majority shops for nice shoes and acquires expensive things yet rarely invests in a better self. Your personal leadership requires—no, demands—that you stop being a cyber-zombie relentlessly attracted to digital devices and restructure your life to model mastery, exemplify decency and relinquish the self-centeredness that keeps good people limited. The great women and men of the world were all givers, not takers. Renounce the common delusion that those who accumulate the most win. Instead, do work that is heroic—that staggers your marketplace by the quality of its originality as well as from the helpfulness it provides. While you do so, my recommendation is that you also create a private life strong in ethics, rich with marvelous beauty and unyielding when it comes to the protection of your inner peace. This, my friends, is how you soar with the angels. And walk alongside the gods.”
“Life isn’t about finding yourself; it’s about creating yourself and embracing the journey of self-discovery.”
“Embrace the limitless potential of every new day, for within the depths of your soul lies the ability to transform any moment into greatness. As you dawn your brightest smile, let it be a beacon of positivity, radiating joy, and igniting the world with the simple yet profound power of happiness.”
“Remember to pause and take in the beauty of the present moment in your pursuit of happiness.”
“Con todo esto aprendí que me pueden lastimar mil veces, que estoy hecha de pedazos, pero que siempre tengo la oportunidad de reinventarme de nuevo. Todas las veces que sean necesarias”
“Don't chase. Elevate your game and be someone worth chasing after”
“Love and feelings But then, Mahreen does something very unexpected. She holds Hope’s hand and slowly brings her closer to the rose. As both sit on the floor looking at the red rose, she asks Saabir to hold her finger and make her feel the velvety surface of the rose petals and kiss her. Then Mahreen leaves them alone in the moment, in the presence of the most fragrant, very still and the most beautiful red rose. Saabir kisses her. Hope takes a deep breath, and now she can smell Saabir with traces of rose scent. This uplifts her mood and enlivens her senses. She holds Saabir’s neck with her right hand and begins to smell it. As she kisses him again, and again, and again; she cries and finally tears emerge from her eyes; and she falls unconscious in Saabir’s arms- Tonight Hope experienced the virgin feelings of a quintessential human being capable of experiencing and expressing emotions. Tonight Hope may have fallen unconscious, but she shall wake up as a conscious, sensitive, and an emotionally enriched woman. A true Hope!”
“The greatest stories aren’t always written. They’re plucked from the everyday lives of ordinary people.”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“One little ray of sunlight can do wonders in our life.”
“Kindness raises too many possibilities.”
“If you have joy in your heart, even the most mundane moments will become extraordinary.”
“An Affirmation: I may love them, but I don't have to suffer with them.”
“Don't let the dark side of human nature makes it difficult for you to TRUST, LOVE AND CARE. Because when you lose all these feelings, you become dead even to yourself.”
“Our definition of a beautiful life may be different. Yours may be to go into a store and get all the things you like. Mine may be to wake up every day with my legs and hands intact. No matter how you see the beauty of your life, never underrate how others see theirs.”
“Those who forgive without receiving an apology are the strongest. It shows how well they can be in control of their emotions without their emotions controlling them.”
“Put your trust in God and allow Him to manifest it through man. Don't rush the process. Because the person you think will favour you, may not be the one God has prepared to favour you.”
“From the soil that God made Grows a tiny seed A tiny seed that God miraculously Changes into leaves, wood and food Leaves to nurture and rebuild the soil Wood for fuel to cook the food Wood for a home Wood for a table, chairs, plate and fork For you to sit and dine All from a tiny seed Hallowed to YHWH”
“In uncertain times, it's okay to feel scared and upset. Let those emotions be real. The Universe reminds us we can't control it all, but trust in the journey, for it won't let you fall.”
“If you can dream it, you have the innate ability to make it a reality in your life.”
“if it's not putting money in your pocket, it's taking money from your pocket.”
“Dar dacă te temi de viitor este pentru că nu ştii să construieşti prezentul, când nu ştii să construieşti prezentul, te amăgeşti că vei putea să o faci mâine şi te-ai dus pe copcă, fiindcă mâine sfârşeşte întotdeauna prin a deveni astăzi, nu-i aşa?”
“He was like, 'You can do whatever you want in life, but reality hits hard'. You know what I told him? I said, 'Well, I would love to get hit by reality, hard.' He laughed. I said, 'Because if I don't, if I hide from what I want under the assumption that reality is against me, then one day I'll be old and grey and I'll look back at a time when I thought I had everything to lose and all of a sudden, I'll see everything that I had to gain instead of everything I was afraid to lose. So, no matter what, I'm going to try. If I fail, you all can laugh at me.' I shrugged, 'But in the end, we all lose everything anyway.”
“Right choices create right conditions for one’s destiny to activate and bloom. Sometimes the life you want is just waiting for you to start doing certain things you’ve never done before or stop doing certain things you’ve always done.”
“Self-love is not a destination to reach; it's a sacred journey to embark upon. Embrace your flaws, celebrate your strengths, and nourish your soul with kindness. In the depth of self-love, you'll find the courage to bloom, the power to heal, and the freedom to truly be yourself.”
“Stand behind the stories that are real, not just reel.”
“Happiness is permanent, what is temporary is sadness.”
“A plant is more expensive than any gold or diamond”
“Dave? this is John. Your pimp says bring the heroin shipment tonight, or he'll be forced to stick you. Meet him where we buried the Korean whore. The one without the gatee." that was code. it meant "Come to my place as soon as you can, it's important." Code, you know, in case the phone was ugged.”
“Dave? this is John. Your pimp says bring the heroin shipment tonight, or he'll be forced to stick you. Meet him where we buried the Korean whore. The one without the goatee." That was code, it meant "Come to my place as soon as you can, it's important." Code, you know, in case the phone was bugged.”
“You have the potential to create something truly wonderful when you fully commit yourself to what you love. Do not be afraid to dream big and follow your dreams.”
“According to the calendar, seasons change every 3 months; But in life, a single season can be years long… Embrace each season.”
“Give it all to God, and have peace knowing that everything happens as it should, and when it should. Keep Doing Your Best!”
“You don't give up when you can't give up.”
“When someone is telling you their story over and over again, they're trying to figure something out, processing aloud the jumble of emotions we carry, and then feeling witnessed and held in this way can be deeply therapeutic to our nervous system.”
“The beauty of a journey lies in its never-ending motion. Continue to move forward while accepting the constantly shifting path in front of you.”
“Maybe we should come to our opinions by using wisdom, logic, evidence, so much of those things that we know we are right and can't be swayed. Then we should hope for an argument against us that makes us think, "I could be wrong", and be willing to listen”
“The secret to achieving greatness lies in the art of planning. When we map out our dreams, we pave the way for success to follow.”
“In the art of communication, we must master the delicate dance: to speak with kindness, to listen with humility, and to depart leaving respect intact.”
“Sense of humour is just like philosophy, you can only participate in it with like minded people.”
“The right mindset is the first step towards the journey.”
“Embrace what life gives you, for even the unexpected can hold hidden blessings and opportunities.”
“You owe no one explanation of what you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“You owe no one explanation of why you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“A dumb idea isn't dumb if it works so you might as well just try it out”
“The bigger the risk, the bigger the prize is how life works in lots of situations. And when we show intelligent bravery in the face of a risk worth taking, the prize is often bigger than we can ever imagine.”
“Build the table you want a seat at.”
“State an opinion in taste, not hate.”
“You have to be odd to be #1.”
“When you focus on the good, the good gets better.”
“Being effective matters more than being the best.”
“Choose not to be intimidated by people on social media, because those who can fake it better are considered the real ones. Choose to do your own thing no matter what, because that is not only a real thing, but it is your reality.”
“Don’t lose your heart when things are uncertain; instead, let it be the compass that guides you back to your truest self.”
“You must have someone in your circle who you can bounce off your ideas without being dissuaded.”
“Those who wish to read always find a book, there’ll new chapters, new pages and new journey to embark on.”
“In the delicate dance of life, let your footsteps be guided by courage and audacity. Embrace the symphony of risks, for within their embrace lies the essence of growth and discovery. Unveil your authentic self, for it is in the radiance of your uniqueness that the world finds its inspiration, and you find your truest fulfillment.”
“The road to success is paved with determination, not with the footsteps of quitters.”
“Sometimes you get pushed out not because you're not worth it, you are worth more.”
“That small step of yours, can create a big impact in your life!”
“With every bad mistake comes pains and lessons. And the willpower to push again for success is not in getting bitter for the pains, it is in getting better for the lessons.”
“Leadership is all about making things to move forward, not backward.”
“Embrace the truth that joy does not happen to us; it reflects our mindset and choices.”
“And we don’t always know it or understand it at the time, in the season, but nothing grows without a good amount of dirt.”
“Kardeş kardeşle bütün olur. Kardeş en çok kardeşine düşman olur.”
“-Do you sleep well? -Yes, if I sleep, I do not wake up until after my body needs sleep, but the problem lies in reaching the stage of sleep. As soon as I put my body to bed, bouts of terror and fear begin. -Fear of what? -From losing consciousness, for my senses to stop, and I lose my sense of time, and the world around me, it becomes like I am nothing, the world around me moves, things change, and I do not know anything about them, this idea makes me crazy, to the point of crying, then I fall asleep or faint Perhaps, out of concern. He was silent for a moment, then added: I wish this world were without sleep, but my mind, my body, needs it, but I see no need for it. His last psychological evaluation session was over. The doctor approached him and began removing the polygraph sensors from his body. Now he has to wait for his final result. Until that time, many places on the island of Malta are worth a visit, especially accompanied by a beautiful Ukrainian girl like Katrina. So far from Adana, and back in time on the imaginary timeline. But for Baibars, everything happens in one moment.”
“The Son of a vacuum Among the tall trees he sat lost, broken, alone again, among a number of illegal immigrants, he raised his head to him without fear, as nothing in this world is worth attention. -He said: I am not a hero; I am nothing but a child looking for Eid. The Turkmen of Iraq, are the descendants of Turkish immigrants to Mesopotamia through successive eras of history. Before and after the establishment of the Ottoman Empire, countries crossed from here, and empires that were born and disappeared, and still, preserve their Turkish identity. Although, after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the division of the Arab world, they now live in one of its countries. Kirkuk, one of the heavens of God on earth, is one of the northern governorates of Iraq in which they live. The Kurdish race is shared with them, a race out of many in Iraq. Two children of two different ethnicities, playing in a village square in Kirkuk province when the news came from Baghdad, of a new military coup. Without delay, Saddam Hussein took over the reins of power, and faster than that, Iraq was plunged into successive wars that began in 1980 with its neighbor Iran, a war that lasted eight years. Iraq barely rested for two years, and in the third, a new war in Kuwait, which did not end in the best condition as the leader had hoped, as he was expelled from it after the establishment of an international coalition to liberate it, led by the United States of America. Iraq entered a new phase of suffering, a siege that lasted more than ten years, and ended up with the removal of Saddam Hussein from his power followed by the US occupation of it in 2003. As the father goes, he returns from this road, there is no way back but from it. As the date approaches, the son stands on the back of that hill waiting for him to return. From far away he waved a longing, with a bag of dreams in his hands, a bag of candy in his pocket, and a poem of longing by a Turkmen poet who absorb Arabic, whose words danced on his lips, in his heart. -When will you come back, dad? -On the Eid, wait for me on the hill, you will see me coming from the road, waving, carrying your gifts. The father bid his son farewell to the Arab Shiite city of Basra, on the border with Iran, after the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war, as the homeland is calling its men, or perhaps the leader is calling his subjects. In Iraq, as in many countries of the Arab world, the homeland is the leader, and the leader is the homeland. Months passed, the child eagerly anticipating the coming of the feast, but the father hurried to return without an appointment, loaded on the shoulders, the passion reached its extent in the martyr’s chest, with a sheet of paper in his pocket on which he wrote: Every morning takes me nostalgic for you, to the jasmine flower, oh, melody in the heart, oh balm I sip every while, To you, I extend a hand and a fire that ignites in the soul a buried love, night shakes me with tears in my eyes, my longing for you has shaped me into dreams, stretching footsteps to the left and to the right, gleam, calling out for me, you scream, waking me up to the glimpse of the light of life in your face, a thousand sparkles, in your eyes, a meaning of survival, a smile, and a glace, Eid comes to you as a companion, without, life yet has no trace, for roses, necklaces of love, so that you amaze. -Where is Ruslan? On the morning of the feast day, at the door of his house, the kids asked his mother, -with tears in her eyes: He went to meet his father. A moment of silence fell over the children, -Raman, with a little gut: Aunt, do you mean he went to the cemetery? -Mother: He went to meet him at those hills.”
“Rushing toward his friend as if he races the pain races to him, struggles with sorrow. Raman crossed the green fields between them. Since they met, they did not part, and they vowed not to do so. -“I will not leave him alone, I will be his father, brother, and friend”, this is how he took a vow to himself when he saw his friend crying and complaining about his father’s departure to war. Thus, he renewed the covenant on the day he saw him silent and alone, with his mother placing in his hands the farewell poem. A hand patted his shoulder, wrapped towards him, and hugged him – my friend, he is gone. – he will come back, Raman, my father promised me that he will come back on Eid morning. – Ruslan, he can’t keep this promise anymore. Now, it is Eid, let’s play and have fun. – No, Eid will never come unless my father comes, Eid will never come unless my father comes.”
“Comparison -He continued: Comparison exists in everything material and immaterial, when you stand in front of the library shelf to buy a book on a subject, you look at the author’s name first, to compare the quality of his presentation with the fame of his writer. When you enter a café, you look at the people in it, associating its importance with the importance of the customers, their looks, their clothing brand, and their watches. I know a café in Vienna, that you are not allowed to enter unless you wear specific clothing brands, and its prices are very high, although the coffee in it tastes bad, yet everyone sees it as an excellent coffee. These two papers are of the same color, you will not see them, not because they do not reflect light, or because they are colorless, but because there is no frame of reference on which the mind can rely to distinguish between them. He bent the little one to stick out its tip: but now, you have another frame of reference, this bend exposed it. Just because you see something when you do not have a proper frame of reference to base it on does not mean it does not exist. He smiled and looked him straight in the eye: just as you did not see that Roman worker on the bridge, it does not mean he does not exist.”
“The fact of zero He added nonstop: Did you know that zero was not used throughout human history! Until 781 A.D, when it was first embodied and used in arithmetic equations by the Arab scholar Al-Khwarizmi, the founder of algebra. Algorithms took their name from him, and they are algorithmic arithmetic equations that you have to follow as they are and you will inevitably get the result, the inevitable result. And before that, across tens and perhaps hundreds of thousands of years, humans refused to deal with zero. While the first reference to it was in the Sumerian civilization, where inscriptions were found three thousand years ago in Iraq, in which the Sumerians indicated the existence of something before the one, they refused to deal with it, define it and give it any value or effect, they refused to consider it a number. All these civilizations, some of which we are still unable to decipher many of their codes, such as the Pharaonic civilization that refused to deal with zero! We see them as smart enough to build the pyramids with their miraculous geometry and to calculate the orbits of stars and planets with extreme accuracy, but they are very stupid for not defining zero in a way that they can deal with, and use it in arithmetic operations, how strange this really is! But in fact, they did not ignore it, but gave it its true value, and refused to build their civilizations on an unknown and unknown illusion, and on a wrong arithmetical frame of reference. Throughout their history, humans have looked at zero as the unknown, they refused to define it and include it in their calculations and equations, not because it has no effect, but because its true effect is unknown, and remaining unknown is better than giving it a false effect. Like the wrong frame of reference, if you rely on it, you will inevitably get a wrong result, and you will fall into the inevitability of error, and if you ignore it, your chance of getting it right remains. Throughout their history, humans have preferred to ignore zero, not knowing its true impact, while we simply decided to deal with it, and even rely on it. Today we build all our ideas, our civilization, our software, mathematics, physics, everything, on the basis that 1 + 0 equals one, because we need to find the effect of zero so that our equations succeed, and our lives succeed with, but what if 1 + 0 equals infinity?! Why did we ignore the zero in summation, and did not ignore it in multiplication?! 1×0 equals zero, why not one? What is the reason? He answered himself: There is no inevitable reason, we are not forced. Humans have lived throughout their ages without zero, and it did not mean anything to them. Even when we were unable to devise any result that fits our theorems for the quotient of one by zero, then we admitted and said unknown, and ignored it, but we ignored the logic that a thousand pieces of evidence may not prove me right, and one proof that proves me wrong. Not doing our math tables in the case of division, blowing them up completely, and with that, we decided to go ahead and built everything on that foundation. We have separated the arithmetic tables in detail at our will, to fit our calculations, and somehow separate the whole universe around us to fit these tables, despite their obvious flaws. And if we decide that the result of one multiplied by zero is one instead of zero, and we reconstruct the whole world on this basis, what will happen? He answered himself: Nothing, we will also succeed, the world, our software, our thoughts, our dealings, and everything around us will be reset according to the new arithmetic tables. After a few hundred years, humans will no longer be able to understand that one multiplied by zero equals zero, but that it must be one because everything is built on this basis.”
“the original color of the apple -Ozcan: So, it is nothing. Imagine that we live in a world of matter, with no color, no taste, no smell, no touch, no sound. Our five senses cannot receive any information about it. So, we live in nothing, our minds decide what it is, and our need to communicate has created languages, terms, and common concepts. I may see and hear nothing but what you see and hear, but we have agreed on terms and concepts that unite us on them. Ozcan added: But nothing is still a thing, our five senses restrict us, perhaps if we had five additional senses to receive the data of this nothing, our minds would interpret it, and deal with it. We need additional senses to receive data that we do not know anything about. Ten senses, for example? Are they enough? What if the nature of this substance needs an extra sense yet? Well, a hundred senses? What if the right sense is not among them? In the end, we do not need a large number of senses, but rather the appropriate sense to receive the necessary data about this substance. The next question, Ruslan: What if we got this sense, and then our mind rejected the reality of matter for some reason? And decided not to interpret the data correctly? Or ignored it? As it often does with our five senses. -What is deafness? -A defect in the ear, due to which the mind does not receive any information about sounds. -But sometimes the mind simply decides to ignore sounds despite receiving data. When it is engaged in something, for example, sleeping, our minds often receive sounds and decide to ignore them, just like that, even though there is no hearing impairment. Sight, touch, taste, smell, the mind can ignore its input if it so desires. He looked directly into his eyes, and advanced towards him a little, he said in a tone of ambiguity: But what if we already have this appropriate sense, Ruslan, but our minds interpret their data at will. Or decided to ignore it completely for some reason. And what is this sense? Let’s agree to call it zero sense. The sense through which we can receive the data of the original color of the apple”
“Love! How many legends were organized for it? It was said that it is the most mysterious human feeling that pushes us to do things we are not ready for and heedless of us. Despite the reality, and the difficulties, we do the impossible, and in the name of love, we do miracles. Just legends but the truth is that history did not mention that any miracle has happened thanks to love. Myths, of which there is no use but our consolation, and the justification of our blind rush behind unjustified, incomprehensible feelings, to do what we were not ready to do, and then we pay the price with a reassuring conscience, and with a comfortable mind, in the name of love. If we analyze these feelings, love, anger, hate, tranquility, fear, we will find that they are another face of pain, just chemical reactions inside our bodies, and hormones controlled by our mind, it decides when to kindle the fire of love in us, and when to make hate blind us. If you know how to motivate the mind to produce the hormone needed to produce the desired emotions, then you do not have to talk about anything anymore. It is all your emotions, which are yours. This inevitably makes human feelings subject to causation in the universe, unless our feelings are from another world, not causal. Therefore, the most magical words remain, those that come out of the mouth of a lover describing his love for his lover, “I love you without reason.” This is the impossibility desired, and in the subconscious, these words have charm and glamour, and the tongue of the lover says, “My love for you is not from this causal world, neither the color of your hair, nor your eyes, nor your body, nor your sweet voice, nor your way of speaking, nor anything that you possess is a reason why I love you, because my love for you is not causal, does not belong to this world.” A lie loved by the mind of the lovers, a legend among the millions which says, that nothing in this world can anticipate the feelings and moods of human beings before they occur, and more precisely, the private feelings and fluctuations, of an individual, to be precise, and not just of a large group of people, the more we try to customize it, the more difficult it becomes. And where the indicators of the collective mind, the demagogue, can give us an idea of the general direction and the future fluctuations of a society or group of people, not because of a weakness in the lines of defense of feelings, but rather because we know that the mob, the collective mind, and the herd, will force many to follow it, even if it violates what they feel, what they want at their core. The mind is designed for survival, and you know that survival’s chances are stronger with the stronger group, the more number, it will secrete all the necessary hormones, to force you to follow the herd. However, the feelings assigned to a particular person remain an impossible task, so many people are able to deceive each other by showing signs of expected trends and fluctuations that contradict the reality of what they feel. Humans and scientists have treated it as something unpredictable, coming from another world, a curse on science, as if it were a whiff of a magical spell cast on us from the immemorial. But in fact, emotions are causal, and every cause has a causative. Like everything else in this world, the laws of chaos and randomness apply to them. They can be accurately predicted, formulated into mathematical equations, and even manipulated. All it takes is to have something that contains all the cosmic events, a number we did not imagine, starting with the flutter of a butterfly, a breath of air, temperatures across the universe, a word a man says to his son, a donkey’s kick, a rabbit’s jump, and ending with the movement of stars and planets, and cosmic explosions, and beyond, and able to deal with them, and with the hierarchical possibilities of their occurrence.”
“Then all events will become for you, a past that has passed and ended, and their occurrence is inevitable unless you intervene to change them, and manipulate them, but first, you need to know what their new shape will look like, and most importantly, where and how powerful will be the needed change to bring about the required change, in order to reset the scene, rearrange the occurrence of events, and the consequences of changing the hierarchy of their intersection. If you kill a butterfly, it will not flap its wings in the next hour, and what may result from this negligible change, may be the end of all humanity, or the occurrence of a horrific massacre, in which millions of people are killed without sin, except that they are religious, or farmers, or those with longer noses, just like holistically. He is on a date with the answer as the Alpha headquarters have proof of this.”
“chaos in her eyes Sitting with Christine, thinking about the chaos in her eyes, his emotional chaos, plotting to lure her out for a weekend of love, he wished in a chaotic, physical logic,” I wish I could count the number of causes and their probabilities that affect your feelings about me and that will determine what kind of answer I get if I ask you out for a date.” -What? What is that you just said? (An internal voice). By knowing the causes and the probabilities of the order in which they occur, you predict emotions Is that possible? Can we treat human emotions like the weather? Are there sensors to measure our emotions across time points in our history from which we can predict our future actions and their impact on us and others? Is there a computer with enormous capacity that can collect, analyze, and predict them? Do human emotions fall within this randomness? Throughout their history, physicists have rejected the idea of a relationship between human emotions and the surrounding world. Emotions are incomprehensible, they cannot be expected, what cannot be expected cannot be measured, what cannot be measured cannot be formulated into equations, and what cannot be formulated into equations, screw it, reject it, get rid of it, it is not part of this world. These ideas were acceptable to physicists in the past before we knew that we can control the effect of randomness to some extent through control sciences, and predict it by collecting a huge amount of data through special sensors and analyzing it. What affects when a plane arrives? Wind speed and direction? Our motors compensate for this unwanted turbulence. A lightning strike could destroy it? Our lightning rods control this disturbance and neutralize its danger. Running out of fuel? We have fuel meter indicators. Engine failure? We have alternative solutions for an emergency landing. All fall under the category of control sciences, But what about the basic building blocks of an airplane model during its flight? Humans themselves! A passenger suddenly felt dizzy, and felt ill, did the pilot decide to change his destination to the nearest airport? Another angry person caused a commotion, did he cause the flight to be canceled? Our emotions are part of this world, affect it, and can be affected by, interact with. Since we can predict chaos if we have the tools to collect, measure, and analyze it, and since we can neutralize its harmful effects through control science, thus, we can certainly do the same to human emotions as we do with weather and everything else that we have been able to predict and neutralize its undesirable effect. But would we get the desired results? nobody knows… -“Not today, not today, Robert”, he spoke to himself. – If you can’t do it today, you can’t do it for a lifetime, all you have to do now is simply to ask her out and let her chaos of feelings take you wherever she wants. Unconsciously, about to make the request, his phone rang, the caller being his mother and the destination being Tel Aviv. Standing next to Sheikh Ruslan at the building door, this wall fascinated him. -The universe worked in some parts of its paint even to the point of entropy, which it broke, so it painted a very beautiful painting, signed by its greatest law, randomness. If Van Gogh was here, he would not have a nicer one. Sheikh Ruslan knocked on the door, they heard the sound of footsteps behind him, someone opened a small window from it, as soon as he saw the Sheikh until he closed it immediately, then there was a rattle in the stillness of the alley, iron locks opening. Here Robert booked a front-row seat for the night with the absurd, illogic and subconscious.”
“Plastic Painting He smiled as he looked at the studio in the outer hall, each of these paintings she painted here, enjoying very much observing them immersed in the colors. Her spiritual intelligence is high, as every other plastic artist, he holds the paint brush, and does things, lines and colors, he does not know what he is doing, or what he wants, he only paints, his hand and mind are just a tool, and something else inside him moves it. At the end, their paintings are sold at the most expensive price. She once told him, the reason for the distinction of fine art is that the painter paints with his soul, not with his hands. And every time she grabbed her brush and started doing things on the canvas, he felt her telling the story of his life, he just always did things, he did not know why and what would result be, but he just wanted to do them. His motto when things come down is, go with the wind, let it take you where it wants to go. He stood before a mediocre painting, a bridge suspended in the sky, punctuated by chaotic colors, a bit of haphazard smoke, and what seemed to be flying leaves. When she painted this painting, she stood in front of it for a whole day, she almost went crazy, the painting was complete but something was missing in it. In the end, it was this deficiency that relieved her of finding it, a red dot in the lower-left corner of the painting! It fell right under what appeared to be a leaf. That is crazy, it was actually completed by it!”
“Their fight is not against me and you only, but against all humanity, they are afraid of something we do not know! They know, Robert, they know where we come from, where we are going, but they do not want us to know that. Perhaps the first humans knew, and over the years, Satan gained control over us and began to distort our goals in this life, until we became what we are, mere slaves to imaginary systems created by their minds. Nationalities, religions, cultures, races, and everything noble in this world, are distorted by our minds to become a cause of division and a source of conflict and clash, internal wars in which people of the same nationality kill each other due to differences in skin color, or the length of the nose! Watch the march of technical and scientific development! When scientists were able to probe the mysteries of space, this turned into a source of conflict between the great powers! And instead of uniting to go further, their minds froze as we arrived, around the Earth, investing all these technologies in spying, encryption, and communications satellites, to protect ourselves from ourselves! We were drained as well as our time and resources in side struggles. Atomic, nuclear, and hydrogen energy, instead of focusing most of our focus on becoming a source of scientific exploration and jumping towards finding answers, their minds have devised to become an arms race to threaten each other and annihilate each other! The bulk of the discovery has been frozen in Bombs and Weapons! Why does a country have thousands of nuclear and hydrogen bombs? What is the purpose of pushing all these capabilities on this huge number of bombs? A hundred hydrogen bombs are enough to destroy the earth and those on it, but it has become a source of attrition. They are like parasites, Robert, whose job it is to seize control of every discovery, invention, and idea, which will advance us forward, lay their hands on them, freeze and drain them in strife, divisions, and competition with their supposed opponents. Humans do not fight for food or life, they fight for distraction, attrition, and all the other reasons you may hear, beliefs, ideologies, and racism, they are all just excuses our minds have been able to find to mislead us, they are nothing but a cover to hide the reality of our permanent occupation in infighting. We are of three types: A few are enlightened, they control their minds, but they are marginalized, warriors, they have no means. Most are absent, savages, busy with their daily sustenance, tools used by Satan to suppress the few who are enlightened. And the few that Satan has control over them, those who control everything around us, they enslave us. A vast secret purge that takes place in secret, whoever understands, realizes, decides to get out of the box, his fate is in the army of Satan, or death, they will take him to their secret societies, to become one of their soldiers, or get rid of him. They are not ghosts, Robert, they are among us, they have headquarters in various parts of the world, and internal laws, and ranks and ranks of their associates, and internal order. I am not talking about a secret group whose name you have previously heard, blown up by the media, like Freemasonry. No, it is not like this. These groups are nothing but distractions for our work on them, so we keep looking in the wrong place. He was afraid of her words, and he was afraid of what was happening around him recently, and he feared for her, she seemed to believe in every letter of it as if she was repeating a speech she was told, which she memorized by heart. What scared me the most, was that everything she said sounded like Mousa said, quite logical…”
“-Do you know the difference between intellectual telepathy and emotional reincarnation? -Yes, telepathy is reading thoughts, and reading feelings and sensations. -Did it ever occur to you that someone is telepathy to you against your will? -Some people have this talent, or so they claim. Baibars: It is not a talent, but a knowledge. Physiognomy was never a talent, but rather an experience. People who travel a lot, social people, who have an appetite for information, and details, are the owners of physiognomy, who acquire it as a result of their experiences, all of which are stored in their subconscious mind, and the latter gives them results. In the form of emphatic feelings, we call it physiognomy, or talent. And basically, it’s based on data: we do not hear or know about anyone who has insight, who has earned this talent while sitting at home, but who is a frequent traveler. The more data you have, the more precise you are able to telepath with your target, and now telepathy is happening at every moment. With the technical revolution and the development and diversity of the means of all information, in many ways, social networking sites are not the first and will not be the last. With the development of computers, and their ability to process huge amounts of data, in a relatively acceptable time, and with the development of artificial intelligence software, and self-learning software, our privacy has become violated by many parties around the world, not only the intelligence services, but even studies and research centers, and decision-making institutions. They all collect an awful lot of data every day, and everyone in this world has a share of it. These software and computers will stand powerless if you strip them from their database, which must be constantly updated. Telepathy became available, easy, and possible, as never before. Physiognomy became electronic in the literal sense of the word. However, our feelings, and our emotions, remain our impenetrable fortress. If you decide to make your entire electronic life a made-up story, contrary to the reality of what you feel, such as expressing joy when you feel sad, this software will expect you from you other than what you really feel, it will fail. The more you are cunning, and deceitful in reincarnation, the more helpless it stands in knowing the truth of your feelings that no one else knows. All that is required of you is to express the opposite of what you feel. The randomness of humans, their spontaneity, and those they think are their free decisions, have been programmed by a package of factors surrounding them, which were imposed on them, including society, environment, conditions, and education. The challenge is to act neither spontaneously nor randomly, and here lies the meaning of the real free will. Can you imagine that? Your spontaneity is pre-programmed, and your random decisions that you think are absolutely free, are in fact not free, and until you are able to imagine this and believe in it, you will remain a slave to the system. To be free you must first overcome it, you must rebel against what you think is your free self. He was silent for a moment, took a breath from his cigarette, and what he was about to say now almost made him inevitable madness, a few years ago… -But, did it occur to you, Robert, that there is someone who can know the truth about your feelings, no matter how hard you try to fake them! And even knows it before you even feel it! A long moment of silence…”
“It was not difficult for an intelligent physicist to understand what was behind his gazes. The longer we sit, the more he looks at my smallest detail, he keeps looking at my lips, my neck, and my shoulders, with a gaze full of passion. Shy but still a female, who will not fail to feel a man’s desires toward her which is one of her most important strengths that was inherited from her ancestors. She looks away, but still sees her surroundings with a wider panoramic view than a man does. her sensors pick up risks, feelings, and repressed desires, many times as much as he can. It is enough for her to stand in front of the wardrobe and without moving her head or her eyes, she sees all its contents, she finds what she wants in a second, while a man has to move his eyes, head, and probably most of his organs and all of his senses to find what he is looking for, and often fails. Thus, our mind has developed these physical abilities, over thousands of years, as needed. The man’s need was to focus on his arrow and his prey, and his foresight has evolved, it has become more focused, while the woman’s need is to protect the home and children from dangers, her panoramic view has evolved to see her surroundings more broadly than the man’s. So, our mind programmed itself, and in this way, it developed our abilities. What it does not need, it leaves or neglects until this thing withers and dies, but what it thinks is important or needed, it keeps, strengthens it. Necessity is the key to evolution. Even athletes are well aware of this: in the body-building halls, they gradually lift weights, to force their brains to feed and build muscles. And as long as they’re still in pain to lift a weight, their brains realize they need more muscle power, so they can handle that weight without danger, and the brain starts to protein the muscles, thereby strengthening them and increasing their size. If it didn’t find enough protein in the diet, it creates it. As the muscles became stronger, and the weight on the trainee became easier to carry, he increased it, and the brain began to strengthen the muscles more to handle the new weight. If the muscle ceases to gain weight, it freezes at enough force and size to carry the current weight. The principle of negligence and usage; what has a need remains, and what has no need perishes. But Mousa’ need recently while going to the bodybuilding gym is not to stimulate the mind to meet his muscular needs. Rather, his causes are more profound, dangerous, and insane… But whom of us would need this?”
“Talk to me about some real truths; the ones that leave you wanting more. Talk to me about a girl who said she'd never love again; only now to be so wrapped up in it. Talk to me about a boy who never thought he deserved a love like hers; consumed hopelessly by the very thought of a life with her. Now, talk to me about how the universe continues to keep them together; tied up in knots holding onto each other. I've heard so many truths about love but, theirs was so different. Maybe because the whole universe needed them to be whole again and it did whatever it needed to make sure they were never apart.”
“Trust issues don't always come from bad relationships. They come from trusting the people you love the most. Being betrayed by the people you gave the most to. Believing their love was unconditional only to end up so scarred from a complete misinterpretation of what they thought love was meant to be.”
“Evolution is a revolution without R, and "R" is a Renewal of the mind.”
“I think life is beautiful no matter what anyone else says. They criticize the rainbow too, don’t they?”
“I’ve never seen anything as bright as the rays of kindness.”
“When man takes a good look and understands that everyone is engaged only in their own welfare, then he alone well starts engaging himself with full of interest to take his life to a higher and better level.”
“You don't have to be extreme, just consistent”
“”
“In a world chasing trends, find solace in the everlasting embrace of authenticity and pure happiness.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“Any progress or development without the fear of God at its core; generates an evil society full of immoral ideals.”
“Human beings are distinguished from animals by their spirit and their moral values; but when they become immoral, they are wildest even more than animals.”
“There is no human right to sin, nor is there any freedom for immorality.”
“You are a Work Of Art that cannot be Fully Captured in a single Piece Of Paper; You are So Much More than your Resume”
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass; it’s about learning to dance in the rain.”
“My kind of obsession build empires.”
“Hold on to forgiveness, for it frees your heart of resentment and opens the door to healing and peace.”
“Jay would return to New York one day. When he did, he would make something of himself--not by way of luck or happenstance, but by means of his own industry. One day he would make New York his own. This indisputabe fact was his inescapable destiny. Only, he wasn't quite ready for that--not yet.”
“I do not speak much because my words are costly.”
“Don't be deceived by the glittering facade of others' success. Beneath the surface lies a tapestry of untold stories, unseen struggles, and uncharted paths. True understanding requires us to acknowledge that the journey to achievement is as unique as the individual undertaking it.”
“The only way to fail is to stop trying. Continue to move forward and expand as you see how your perseverance yields amazing results.”
“When you lose, you win if you learn from it.”
“Embrace the audacity to pursue your ideas with determination. For in decisive steps lies the alchemy that transmutes dreams into reality. Embrace the transformative power within, for it is through the relentless pursuit of your vision that you carve a path of significance, leaving an indelible mark upon the tapestry of existence.”
“Ten seconds, that's all it takes for life to throw you a curveball.”
“Credits thrive where work strives”
“Build yourself a life or a career where you can afford to sleep peaceful at night.”
“There is a thin line between poverty and success and it is PERSEVERANCE. Successful people don't stop until they see the result they desire.”
“Glory resides in the hearts of those you inspire, not in fleeting moments of fame.”
“Perfection lounges in the bosom of imperfection”
“If you want to dine with perfection, you must toil with imperfection”
“Every day is a blank canvas just waiting for you to paint into it beautiful experiences and positive energy.”
“A dead end is the sunrise of new opportunities”
“If you really want to unlock your potential and blaze your own career path: believe in the power inside yourself. Take risks. Don't be intimidated by failure. You are capable of so much more than you think – and as long as you keep trying!”
“When inequality takes root, a garden of problems flourishes.”
“The thorny question remains, who wrote it? The thorny question remains, who wrote it? All I remember was my decision to write something, my hand, my fingers, and even my mind, were just tools of writing and expression, like the computer I used. As for the writer, it was something or someone I did not know, sitting inside my body fighting me to get out of its prison, forcing me to bargain it for a few words that express it. I was like a lost visual artist whose empty painting was in front of him and his brush was in his hand but his thoughts were scattered, he did not know how to connect them or how to begin, but his senses began to weave the fabric of the thoughts of that deep thing inside, as they translate them, to create the most meaningful paintings. Every line I wrote I knew nothing of what was to come. I was even surprised by some of the chapters and reacted to them, just as you would react. They were as new to me as they are to you, and sometimes I was standing astonished to realize what I had written, or to understand the connection I had just discovered between the characters. This novel, inevitably, was already accomplished in me, as it was written in one go. It already existed. As for transcribing it on paper, it took me some time. It is a novel that expresses a part of an exception that I think I have had in my life. I cannot confirm or deny its events, even though they may have happened, in every detail, what is certain is the perspective of your understanding of the truth, they may be completely true, and from another perspective, they may be just delusions or dreamy fantasies, this depends on what truth means to you, or what it will be… I appreciate your valuable time. Believe me, I am the best to know. That is why I was careful that this was not just a classic, casual novel for fun while you are drinking your morning cup of coffee. Perhaps by it, I want to stir up that madness within you, who you have always been told, would be the cause of your ostracism, and your expulsion, out of the herd.”
“-Have you ever thought about determinism? He continued and did not wait to hear the answer: In the past, humans believed that the eye sends a ray of light to bodies and sees them, then the Arab scholar Ibn Al-Haytham asked a logical question: If my eyes send a ray of light, why do I not see in the dark? Then he discovered that the eye is blind in its origin, a receiver and not a transmitter, it only sees when the light is reflected from the objects, so it picks up its reflection and does not send it. We understand determinism as we understand the sense of sight today, we receive it and do not send it, so we see that we are the subject and the deterministic object, we have no power before it, we have to receive it and submit to it, but what if our understanding of it is wrong?! As our understanding of the sense of sight was, while we think we receive determinism, we are in fact sending it. What if determinism had no existence, no reflection, and we were not designed to receive it but rather designed to make and transmit it. The general interpretation of determinism, on which all Muslims and non-Muslims agree, is that every event in the universe, including man’s perception and actions, is subject to a logical sequence of causes within a single continuum. Muslims say that God’s decree and predestination are pre-written and cannot be changed, but they struggle with the eternal question, if this was written for me in advance, then why would God punish me for something that I cannot change? Where is the justice in here! While unbelievers say it was nature, the laws of the universe, that created determinism, and they run into the zero-cause barrier, what is that cause that does not come from any cause? It resulted in the chain that created all causes. Muslims answer them, Cause Zero is neither a cause nor a causative, nor even a result, it is God, he was and will continue to exist, and the understanding of His nature is not within the limits of our mind, for it has no nature at all. The non-believers accuse them, that their inability to understand or know the nature of the Zero cause, made them create the idea of God in their minds, to relieve themselves of the trouble of searching. The entire dispute is based on the zero cause, assuming that determinism is a series written on us, we cannot change it, and we have no authority over it, but what if determinism is actually written on us, and we are the ones who wrote it in the first place, or perhaps we are writing it now.”
“Have you read about the Law of Attraction before? His believers say, that a person has what looks like broadcasting and receiving channels, and these channels transmit his thoughts to the universe, and his receivers receive the results and interact with him, he is part of it as everything else, affects and is affected, and the master here is the universe, and the reason is the person, they are his thoughts that decide the response of the universe to him, it will give him back what he thinks, and it will seek to implement it for him. If you are looking for an answer to a question that has puzzled you for a long time, all you have to do is think about it, and imagine that you will find the answer in some way, imagine that moment when you know it, and then leave it to the universe, it will come to you with the answer, as long as you broadcast the idea. Based on that, if you think about something that you hate to happen, if you think about it for a long time, it will inevitably happen to you, for the law does not differentiate between good and evil, what you want and what you hate, but rather what you think. In other words, the subconscious mind is fertile, uncultivated land, and the conscious mind or brain is a seed-sowing machine. What you think about is the kind of seeds that you will sow in your subconscious mind, and your harvest will be the result of what you sow, the more you think, you are like the one who waters and plows the land and nurtures it, and in the end, the universe will be the machine of the harvest, it will inevitably make your ideas a reality for you. This law has been strengthened in all religions and customs. In religion, God alerted us to the need to monitor our thoughts well, so he says in the honorable Prophetic hadith, “I am as my servant thinks of me,” meaning that if you think well of God, he will be with you as you think. If think that he will only send you all good, God will send it to you. In all religions you will find many texts saying like this, although this completely contradicts the law of determinism in religion, God has written everything in advance, and your belief in him will not change anything in your destiny, but even your thoughts themselves, including your good thinking of him It is something he already wrote to you. As for our ancestors, they said it from the reality of their inherited experiences, they said things like that the one who is afraid of something, it will happen to him. They summarized them in the form of popular examples, which you will find in various cultures. However, what if the believers in this law understand things from the perspective of the ancient human understanding of the sense of sight, we do not receive determinism, and the universe does not make it and does not respond to us with what we think, and we cannot change it with our thoughts, we have already drawn them in advance, and we have no escape today except for reaping what we sowed. An inevitability we managed at once, in one moment. He was silent for a moment, then added: Or perhaps, we are drawing the inevitable now, Ruslan, what if I did not exist in this world before you had a need for me? And somehow you made me, and gave me a whole life, with its memories, memories that make me feel like I have lived forty whole years, and make you feel this, you arranged them for me, and you created me, to answer all the questions I have always thought of. And while I feel like I am forty, in fact, it is one second, maybe a lot less. What if we had never met in Syria before, if you were not there, and you are still retreating in your hut on the hill, thinking about the empty, the unknown, and what happened next? It is nothing but an arrangement that you did, to transcend the authority of your mind, to get you to know the answers to everything that afflicts you, even if this life is a blank sheet of paper, you are the one who arrange it and draw it, step by step.”
“When does this happen! What about your conscious mind, your brain, which shows you the truth at its own whims, ignores the data of the senses as it wants, and interprets it as it wants, enslaves you, colonizes you, marginalizes yourself and your truth, to survive in the body and enjoy. -How does he do it? Do you need me to tell you? After we agreed, my friend, that physical and psychological torment makes you imagine things that do not exist, contrary to the truth, and who is the one who controls the transmission of nerve signals for pain? Who controls the hormones and secretion of those that control your psychological state? Who is capable of subjecting you to the worst kinds of physical and psychological torment, to make you think that the bird is a leaf, who has the full power to do this to you? If I had a description then, it would not be more accurate than the weapon of your subconscious mind, with which it fights that devil in your head, its way to answer, find me, arrange my whole life, so that it can transcend your brain’s control over you.”
“dating question -What do you want from this world? -To have a wardrobe. In his first meeting with Katrina, she asked him a dating question, and his answer was unconventional, he wished he could buy a wardrobe, in which he put his belongings, a metaphor for the instability in his life, so how does he do this, while he is without a homeland, without a home, moving from place to another, carrying a bag containing a few of his personal belongings. About to cheat on Khadija, the curiosity in the intelligence man’s mind overpowered him, the desire for knowledge, exploration, information, and a thirst for more details, the smallest details. Plan the process with the mentality of a computer programmer, “I will leave them a loophole in the system, they will hack me through it, and to do this they have to open their doors to send their code, and at this very moment, I am sending my code in the opposite direction. The most vulnerable account devices to hack are the hackers themselves. They enter the systems through special ports, which are opened to them by the so-called Trojan horse, a type of virus, with which they target the victim, open loopholes for them, infiltrate through them, and in both cases, they, in turn, have to open ports on their devices to complete the connection, from which they can be hacked backward. Katrina is a Trojan horse, he will not close the ports in front of her, she must succeed in penetrating him, and she will be his bridge connecting them, he will sneak through her, to the most secret and terrifying place in the world, a journey that leads him to the island of Malta, to enter the inevitable den. This is how the minds of investigators and intelligence men work, they must open the outlets of their minds to the fullest, to collect information, receive it, and deal with it, and that is why their minds are the most vulnerable to penetration, manipulation, and passing misleading information to them. It is almost impossible to convince a simple man, that there is life outside the planet, the outlets of his mind are closed, he is not interested in knowledge, nor is he collecting information, and the task of entering him is difficult, they call him the mind of the crocodile, a mind that is solid, closed, does not affect anything and is not affected by anything, He has his own convictions, he never changes them. While scientists, curious, intellectuals, investigators, and intelligence men, the ports of their minds are always open. And just as hackers can penetrate websites by injecting their URL addresses with programming phrases, they can implant their code into the website’s database, and pull information from it. The minds of such people can also be injected, with special codes, some of them have their minds ready for injection, and one or two injections are sufficient to prepare for the next stage, and for some, dozens of injections are not enough, and some of them injected their minds themselves, by meditation, thinking, and focusing on details, as Ruslan did. Khadija did not need more than three injections, but he trusted the love that brought them together, there is no need, she knew a lot about him in advance, and she will trust him and believe him. Her mind would not be able to get her away, or so he wished, the woman’s madness had not been given its due. What he is about to do now, and the revenge videos that she is going to receive will remain in her head forever, and will be her brain’s weapon to escape, when he tries to get her out of the box. From an early age, he did not enjoy safety and stability, he lived in the midst of hurricanes of chaos, and the heart of randomness. He became the son of shadows and their master. He deserved the nickname he called himself “Son of Chaos.”
“Like a shepherd and sheep, its principle is simple, redirection towards the obligatory path, and speaking of Ozcan, he is the most proficient in this game. Watch the professionals do it in the reorientation of functional organizations. There is no need to recruit them all, it is enough for them to do what a shepherd does with a flock of sheep; blocking the roads in front of them, putting a dog in one place, standing and waving his stick in another place, to force them to take the path he wants, towards the barn. And if you spoke to one of them, it would swear to you that it is going the way it wants, which it chose with its full will, or chosen for them by their leader at the forefront of the herd, who knows the secrets of the ways, believing that they go the way they want. He decided that he should play the game according to its laws since they are sheep, so do not try to address them or convince them, but rather direct them to where you want. He did not know anything about deterministic algorithms at the time, his decision was based on his innate, something inside him. He succeeded, however, by making a butterfly flutter, far away. Some straying out of the Shepherd’s path, then another artificial flutter associated with the first to accelerate the process, and then a third, and a fourth, then the chaos ensued, and the hurricanes blew up all the inevitable of Alpha Headquarters. A butterfly fluttered where no one was watching, he studied and planned it carefully. Words by a revolutionary Palestinian poet, Mahmoud Darwish, summarized the whole story… Throw a stone into the stagnant water, rivers will break out Ring your bells in the kingdom of silence and sing your anthem And let the wall of fear break into dust like pottery”
“Classification and then reduction, the mind’s strongest weapon against conscience, if it wants to relieve your conscience to kill innocents, it would classify them within a group and include with them those who deserve death in its view, then reduce all the small details into generalities, and ignore them. As it will not fail a trick, to make the killing of children and women an inevitable necessity, towards a higher goal and a better world. Thus began the story of Baibars himself, nearly twenty years ago, when the extremist organization decided to classify the entire American people as one group, ignoring that the number of Muslims killed by Muslims themselves was many times greater than those killed because of American policies in the Middle East, and then decided that the destruction of their opponents in the Middle East. The destruction of the World Trade Center in Manhattan. Their minds reduced all the details; a child playing in his father’s office, a girl waiting for her mother’s return, a wife on the plane eager to meet her husband, their conscience did not hesitate for a moment to kill thousands of innocent people, for the sake of their ultimate goal. And so did America itself, when it decided to avenge its murderers, categorized, reduced, and shot everyone. Its pilots saw neither the children nor the families in the homes they were about to demolish over their heads. So did Hitler, Napoleon, Hulagu, and every serial killer known to mankind. It makes you like a pilot driving a plane, throwing a bomb over the houses, not seeing the trace of what it did on the ground, and if he carried it with his hand and walked in the streets, and watched the children, women, the innocent, who would fall dead from this bomb, he would not detonate it, but he only sees houses that look like matchboxes from the sky, general picture, no details. Satan’s most powerful weapon for controlling the mind, or the most powerful weapon of the mind to control us, and at some point, it masters it, to the point where it no longer needs to justify, reduce, or categorize anything, kill your opponents, and all their offspring, destroy them, burn them, leave none of them. Since many minds are tools in the hands of Satan, it can manipulate them as it wants. Since its working mechanisms have become known to him, Baibars decided, why not? Why do not we make them tools for good. He used Satan’s own style, manipulated everyone, and at times, reduced, but according to his laws, do not reduce the innocent. He is not afraid, he made his decision in the war, and whoever made this decision must bear the consequences of it. He wished time would go back a thousand or two thousand years and freeze there, where the wars between human beings were fought with swords and arrows, at that time, not many innocents fell, only soldiers who made their decision in advance to war, to kill, knowing that they might die. Everyone had the time and the ability to think, make decisions, and even escape. While today, most of the victims of wars do not make a decision, they pay with their lives without anyone asking them if they want to be part of this war at all. Cities are bombed and destroyed over the heads of their inhabitants, and most of them reject this war from the beginning. When someone detonates a bomb in a mall, he does not ask the victims of his bombing about their political stances, their religion, and even if they want to be part of this war, and so do the planes, they do not ask, and their victims have no opportunity to make a decision. As for him, Baibars, he made up his mind It is to fight in defense of those who did not have the opportunity to take it.”
“He is schizophrenic, this is how he was diagnosed with the CIA, and his schizophrenia is his strength, he comes out of a personality, directly impersonating a new one, a completely different one, which he experiences as if he had in it for his whole life. This is every professional agent’s strong point, but it comes at such a high price that it in many cases often ends up in a whiff of insanity. Therefore, they must be monitored and psychologically evaluated on a periodic basis. The last thing the agency wants is a suicidal agent with a message exposing many secrets, or a biased towards their opponents, or a madman circling the streets babbling from here and there. It takes its responsibilities towards them, these people suffer a lot, and the more they train, the more they work, the more professional they become, and the crazier they are. But there was something different about him, which Alex did not miss. Not that schizophrenia that she knew; When sitting with him, talking to him, all the paper reports seem as if they were written about a different person, as if deep down another person about whom no one knows anything yet, and as if all these characters he played are one character as if everything grows from inside him. What she was most concerned about is whether he is honest in being an intelligence agent, or is it a role he plays, as are the dozens of roles he played and plays for the agency. Many doubts revolve around him, officers were unable to manage him, and deal with him. The agency changed the liaison officer with him every few months, he is somewhat out of control, but at the same time, it is unable to terminate his services. The closer the agency got to making that decision, the more he did something that made them stick to it more, creative, distinct, and innovative, that we cannot easily let go of. Until Alex arrived, the only liaison officer he had worked with for years. His condition stabilized, he was no longer that mysterious brawler, she understood him completely, she threw all the reports, papers, and opinions behind her back, and dealt with him directly, without barriers. He was not simply pretending, he was not acting, he was really him. Every character he played, every lie he lied, every mess he made, it was him, without acting. And he said to her, they are all composite characters. If you look at each character, you will find something that connects them to the other, that they are like cubes, I build them on top of each other, I do not play them. What you need is to look at the details, and you will find a fine thread connecting them. He trusted her, and so did she. She became his friend, perhaps the only one in this world until Katrina entered his life. She knows nothing of what happened to him lately, but she knows that man deep inside him at the bottom of the pyramid of the cubes, “he will not hurt me, I trusted him before, I trust him today, his chivalry will not accept treachery, not of this kind, he will not do it”.”
“What is the truth, but a disguised lie! His slogan, which he has always worked with; as it has no meaning in this world, rather it does not exist, everything is relative, so what is for me an irrefutable truth may be for others just an illusion. Each sees from his angle and according to the amount of data that his mind receives from the surrounding environment, and the result that the mentality deduced from linking and analyzing these data, is the truth then. What if we have the ability to manipulate the data? Then the truth becomes in our hands as a piece of dough, we shape it as we like, and sometimes, out of the perfection of the lie, when the truth appears, no one believes it. If the truth suits the desires and orientations of the mind, then it becomes your help to its owner, a loyal and obedient soldier in your hands, and whenever you whip it with many details, it decides to ignore them, and under pressure it will fill the gaps with the invented story on his own occurred. Good suspicion, misunderstanding, complicated matter, forgetfulness, trust, are all tools and justifications to bridge these gaps, then it realizes that its salvation from this torment is by believing the generalities of what it sees, and the conclusion, the final, is the truth. But before confronting Satan with its greatest weapon, you must first whip your mind, have it at your command, then you will be able to weave the greatest truth, not subject to criticism, nor denial from the angle that the victim sees.”
“A hundred men lived inside him, somehow managed to absorb all the contradictions, reincarnated many personalities, committed more crimes against himself, used dozens of names, and lost his name in the crowd. He was struck by chaos, polished by randomly, wrestled with him and wrestled with it, wrestled with it until he tamed it, and he became its brother, friend, and son.”
“The Test of Death -Would you believe someone you trust and swear to tell you the truth? -No -Why? -He may say what he thinks is the truth, which is not so, and I believe that the truth is not given, but taken, snatched, you have to fight to get it, the truth is not free. – We sent you to carry out a dangerous, sensitive task, a matter of life or death, and we sent someone you know is a deceiver and a liar to share it with you, we do not trust him either, but we need him? Do you accept it with him? -Maybe yes and maybe no -How? -Trust here has no place, even if I trust him, I may not implement it with him, and I may implement it with someone I do not trust, everyone in a certain circumstance has the ability of betrayal and treachery, as they have the capacity for honesty and sincerity, I will not trust anyone with a dangerous operation like this, but I will trust the plan; if the plan had taken all possibilities into consideration, including the possibilities of treachery, and if we put alternative plans in case of emergency, I would trust the plan itself, and implement it with those whose presence is required. -What is brainwashing? -It is a radical transformation of ideas in a short period of time, without a convincing reason or explanation. – How does the process work? -The primitive method is by coercive means, such as physical or psychological torture, to implant thoughts directly into the victim’s head. -What is the most advanced method? -By manipulating the surrounding environment of the victim, and passing ideas into his brain indirectly, to convince him that it is the product of chance, or for supernatural reasons such as your pre-written destiny, or that God has chosen you for this moment, and the more convincing the environment, and the more serendipitous, the quality of the process better. -How do you know you are being brainwashed? -I watch my thoughts, if I suddenly decide to switch them without a clear and convincing reason, and within a short period of time, then I have to study the changes in the environment around me, new people, targeted ads on social media, random videos, and everything around me seem to happen by chance It is directly or indirectly related to new ideas. Then research and focus, analyze and elicit, to try and discover the process. -What is long-term brainwashing? -A traditional brainwashing process, but it takes a relatively long time, such as repeating the idea to be cultivated weekly instead of repeating it daily, and this happens if the victim is intelligent and careful observation, so the process is done carefully and slowly so as not to discover it. -Which is more powerful, short-term or long-term brainwashing? -The short; the mind quickly ignores, when passing the idea in separate periods of time, it ignores the old ones, and buries them away in its memory, thus their impact decreases, so we are forced to plant the idea a thousand times instead of a hundred, to increase the momentum and compensate for the lack of influence of the old ideas, and with the presence of spaced periods of time when the process takes a long time, and the chance of discovering the target becomes greater. -What is a mind injection, and how is it done? -It is the process of implanting the ideas that are required to be implanted in it, in direct or indirect ways, and each has its own method and method of injection, some of them rush and some of them take longer than the necessary time, and in both cases, the injection does not take its desired effect, but it is possible that the effect is completely reversed. -How do you know that the injection process is going well? -The new and reprehensible reactions of the victim, especially the spontaneous ones. Which is issued near the end of the injection process.”
“-What is the mind’s physical reaction to the injection process? – Sometimes its reaction is by making a feeling of headache and numbness in the head, or the desire to sleep, confusion, and of course the memories, but we cannot rely on them. Even if it was not subjected to an injection. In any case, the successful injection process must be done without the mind knowing, and pass without being aware of it. -How many failed brainwashing have you done? -Zero. -How many successful operations? -Zero. A long moment of silence. The psychiatrist looked into his eyes! She knows that he succeeded in all his operations! Unexpected answer. -Why do you say that you failed in all operations? -I did not say that I failed, I said that I succeeded in zero operations -What is the difference? – They are all still alive, as far as I know, the operation is done, but I do not know which of them might discover the trick at the last moment of my life. – Anything new in your private life? women? Friends maybe? -No, they are all superficial relationships, except for Katrina -Why do you refuse to let someone close into your life? -They ask a lot, and I do not like to give answers, you are an exception, of course -What is on your mind the most right now? -Do things happen because I think of them, or do I think of them because they will happen? -Why? -Because for a week I have been thinking that you will come to meet me, did my thoughts bring you here, or did I somehow sense your presence? -What is the Sixth Sense? -It does not exist, our five senses receive an enormous number of notes, and details daily, our conscious mind cannot prevent their reception, but it can ignore them, stores them very far away without alerting us to them, to relieve itself from the trouble of dealing with them, and when we feel that something is going to happen, it is caused by it. Our subconscious mind analyzes and elicits billions of billions of details stored in it, giving us the result in the form of a feeling, to be able to transcend the power of our conscious mind, we have to take these feelings seriously and force our conscious mind to explain their cause, and return to memory and prove it. -What are the conscious mind and the subconscious mind? -The names are incorrect, but they are customary to call them like this. I prefer to call the conscious mind the mechanical mind or the brain, and the subconscious mind with consciousness, for the brain is nothing but a mechanical machine, while the subconscious mind, in fact, is consciousness itself, perhaps the soul. -Why do you talk about the brain, the subconscious mind, the soul, and you, as if you are different entities from each other? – I do not believe that I am this body, I am something inside it, perhaps I am condemned from another world to imprisonment in it, as a punishment for a sin I committed there, and perhaps with my death, my sentence ends. -So, you see that you are something different from spirit and consciousness? -No, we are all one, we cannot be separated, I am the soul, and the subconscious mind is consciousness, and it is mine, while the brain is the property of the body, or the body is its property. -What is the most frightening thing about death? – Everyone lies, the religious, and the non-religious, they all lie about their greatest fear of death, Muslims fear Hell and its torment, this is true, but if their choice is between eternity in Hell under torment, or total annihilation, nothing, they will choose the first option. That what frightens us most in Death is complete unconsciousness, becoming nothing, as if we did not exist, simply disappearing and having no awareness, any sense of anything, forever. -Why would you choose torment over annihilation? -Because I will somehow adapt to it, we humans are able to adapt in all circumstances, and always have enough hope to be patient with them.”
“Your uniqueness must be awakened from your inside. If the force from the inside breaks an egg, there is life. But if the force from the outside breaks an egg, a potential life gets destroyed. Outside powers can inspire and encourage us, but they can also crush and destroy us. Listen attentively to your unique inner voice because that voice will guide you to your ultimate destination—your unique mission.”
“Take control. Take steps. Do more stuff. Positive stuff. Exciting stuff. Transform yourself. Change locations if you have to. Liberate yourself. Do whatever needs to be done, whatever it takes to be free as a bird.”
“Push your boundaries, expand your frontiers, go higher than you have ever gone before. You don't want to get stuck in the mire of problems and difficulties from where you can't escape. If you're not pushing your boundaries further, you will stay stuck in your own-made swamp.”
“By becoming completely silent, we can pay full attention to other people, understand the true meanings of their speech, and connect with them and our inner beings and nature at the deepest level.”
“Fresh air is invisible, yet it is vital to healthy human life. At the heart of what makes the life each of us lead significant is the capacity to find fulfilment in using our blessings to be a blessing to those around us.”
“Within you lies a reservoir of untapped potential. You can create, shape, transform, and transcend to greater heights. The question is, are you willing to invest time and effort in realizing your potential”?”
“Within you lies a reservoir of untapped potential. You can create, shape, transform, and transcend to greater heights. The question is, are you willing to invest time and effort in realizing your potential?”
“Following the path of random wandering will not lead you toward your goals; however, focusing intensely on a target or one area of your life will produce results. Most groundbreaking ideas in science, technology, medicine, the arts, and business don't transpire all of a sudden; they result from intensely-focused and diligent efforts.”
“Believe you are not part of the statistics because you are inspired and willing to put in as much effort as is required and because you want to be in the driving seat of your life, become the absolute captain of it, and direct it toward beautiful, adventurous, and fulfilling horizons.”
“When things go haywire, when challenges skyrocket, and when everything seems out of reach, that may be the right time to take a short pause and observe more deeply. Intense vigilance has tremendous power; increase your level of it. Perceive more. Observe more. Discern more. Your penetrating observations will lead you toward peace, success, and happiness.”
“Your life is yours; the steering wheel of your life is in your hands; steer it in the direction that looks perfect for you; change it or shape it the way you want it.”
“Almost everything is changeable, improvable, and achievable unless the laws of nature prevent it from happening.”
“Winners don't quit when they become tired or get fired, but they become more inspired. Not making excuses and not blaming others for their mistakes, setbacks, and failures, they get on with the work, finalize the deals, and accomplish their tasks.”
“Let's ride on the train of inspiration, perspiration, and transformation; the synergistic approach will do wonders. When we earnestly inspire and resolutely perspire, things do transpire.”
“With a narrow and open focus of altered states, many impossibles of yesterday have become possibles of today. Many technological and scientific inventions, innovations, and mathematical equations are products of altered states of mind.”
“I have to make sure that the tools, plans, and strategies I am using are not defective. If they are, then I am in trouble. Making mistakes is one thing, but not learning from our mistakes is altogether a different matter. If I fail to learn from my mistakes, I am doomed to repeat them. Therefore, I always learn from my mistakes and consciously determine never to repeat them.”
“I constantly challenge myself to add more poems, songs, and stories to my repertoire. I grab every chance offered to me to grow, learn, and practice. If I don't do it, others will leave me in the dust and go right by me, and I will not achieve my goals or complete my mission.”
“Problems will arise, but I will still do it; failures will come, and I will become tougher and wiser with each failure. The more I fall, the higher I jump back up. Bruises, pains, hurts, or scars are all a process of growing up. Obstacles, setbacks, and hard work are all part of success. I make them my friends; I use their power to go beyond.”
“One must have a growth mindset to move into leadership positions; with a growth mindset, keep observing other leaders in action and keep stepping into roles where you can learn and grow. If you are reasonably intelligent, to become a leader, you have to put yourself on the line again and again to develop and enhance your leadership skills.”
“Keep finishing one project after another, and keep learning more and more in the process. Let not the impenetrable walls of resistance scare you off. Peg away; chisel away at them until they fall. Finish what you start, and finish it extraordinarily well.”
“Growth and advancement happen outside the comfort zone.”
“When you're at your wit's end, when nothing seems to work, take a step back, acquire more knowledge, and attack the problem from a different angle.”
“When you accept the status quo, you become resistant to progress and change. Let not the contentment of your past successes stop you from achieving bigger and better goals. To push yourself up the ladder, to make things occur at a larger scale, you will have to rock the boat, ruffle some feathers and challenge the present circumstances.”
“Attaining recognition is an individual journey; it cannot be bestowed upon us by others”
“Tap into your inner Viking!”
“Having the courage to stand up for what we believe in is our greatest glory, not winning every battle.”
“Copilăria are fruntea transparentă şi faţa diafană.”
“I chose to do this not because it is easy, but because it is hard. Because this challenge is one I am willing to accept, unwilling to postpone, and one that I will face, and do so with success, so no one else has to.”
“You’re always going to have people who aren’t happy for your success, but only you control how you respond to it.”
“One thing that kills a man easily is COMPARISON. Know in your head and heart that you are different from others and not just only in appearance but also in everything. You won't be successful with your peer at the same time, and you won't have the same level of wealth. Accepting this, makes it easy for you to appreciate God and yourself.”
“And what she did was continue, without saying a word she just picked herself up, made no fuss, and continued forward. She was strong like that, the kind of strength you knew was from the Lion she became after finding God again.”
“What I bring to the table isn't important when it's at the Lord's table. My presence is enough for him.”
“I love you, still the same as I always have. Forever & Always ”
“Loneliness isn't the problem the part of yourself that resides within you that is attached to people or things believing it needs them to be whole is.”
“Brandy Peștii au mereu dreptate, de-aia n-au nevoie să vorbească.”
“We have to fight many battles in our life. Life is not a one-battle game.”
“A man cannot learn anything until he admits his ignorance.”
“You’re already in the territory of the flowers. It’s only a matter of time before you bloom.”
“You need to trust everything you are feeling is real, even if you are scared and don't quite understand it. The key is to move through it not run away from it!”
“A true winner doesn't need alarms to wake up!”
“You're in the business of breaking generation curses. That's why things don't come so easy for you. You're who your bloodline has been waiting for.”
“We need to renew ourselves often. Even temples need renovation.”
“Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young ”
“Your attitude is an impression… you leave with anyone you meet… but most importantly is the… impression you leave on yourself… Mike Fearn, Author”
“Follow your dreams and never ever stop believing in yourself. And one day you will achieve your dreams and feel happy that you never gave up.”
“When you go down in flames, let it be a blaze that illuminates your path forward, guiding you towards a new beginning.”
“Embrace the unknown with determination, for it is within the chaos that true strength is forged. Trust in your ability to navigate the uncharted waters of life, for it is through steadfast focus that new horizons are discovered and dreams become reality.”
“Όλα είναι από την μοίρα δοσμένα, είτε την ονομάζεις Θεό είτε κάρμα. "Εκείνη κόβει την τράπουλα, εκείνη τη μοιράζει".”
“None of us want to be pushed or forced. Instead, we want to be inspired, gently coaxed, and encouraged to achieve our targets, attain high ideals, and turn the impossible into the possible. Inspirations and motivations do the work of coaxing, encouraging, stimulating, uplifting or cheering on.”
“What is inspiration? The word “inspire” comes from the Latin word “inspirare,” which means “to breathe upon or to breathe into.” Breath is life. To inspire, therefore, is to breathe life into. Inspiration breathes life into us. Success may be “ninety-nine percent perspiration” and only one percent inspiration. But remember this: It is the one percent inspiration that starts your engines. It is that one percent that ignites the dormant fires within you. Once you have inspired yourself, then you must perspire. Perspire profusely in body and mind, and keep the fires of inspiration burning. If you don’t do that, then those burning fires will become dormant ashes forever”
“We all belong to the same humanity; we are all tiny bubbles in the river of life. The bubbles keep popping up and vanishing, but the water remains, the ocean remains, and I am a part of that ocean of life. I am part of the same water that every other being is. I am just a little piece of dirt floating about, a piece given the power to think, move, and create for a short time. Life is getting expressed through me and all other beings.”
“When you intensely focus on ‘How can I do something’ or ‘How can I go around my limitation,’ the path to achievement starts to form, and the answers to how to go around your handicaps and limitations begin to appear. Your tenacious pieces of training and practices begin to make you stronger; your courageous actions after actions start turning impossibilities into possibilities.”
“Ambiguities, paradoxes, uncertainties, and volatilities are the order of the universe and life. Those who dare to solve, resolve, and dissolve them make bold leaps into the future.”
“In the real world, your intentions, observations, and preparations don't mean much unless you transform them into completed tangible objects. Take action; don't put off what you can do today. Kill the habit of putting things off till tomorrow because you don't want your strengths and powers to stay dormant and your talents to wither and go to waste.”
“As long as there is a spark in you, you, like a Phoenix, can rise from the ashes, get your life on track, and take it to newer and higher levels.”
“Initially, you may take a licking, and some of your ideas may fizzle out, but you must bounce back with renewed energy and enthusiasm. The thing to do is not to get discouraged.”
“When you struggle through hardship, tragedy, or suffering, there are two paths you can follow: either you can fall into depression and self-destructive behavior, or you can face the tragedy or challenge and become wiser and stronger than ever before. The choice is yours. Be wise. Take command. Take the second choice.”
“I dare you to press on when darkness is all around. I dare you to go on when things become tough when failure is staring you in the face. I dare you to keep plugging away when you have committed and when you don't see the light at the end of the tunnel. I dare you to storm through hurdles if they come your way. I dare you to keep getting up again and again when you keep falling on your face.”
“Be relentless and unstoppable. Have a relentless desire to make things happen, a relentless commitment to improve, and a determination to toil away if you have something meaningful to achieve or contribute something noteworthy to the world.”
“You may be disfigured, may be traumatized, may be depressed, may be bitter, but there is hope in every situation, there is power inside of you, there is resilience inside of you, there is open space where you can jump and rejoice. Your mind is waiting to forgive and let go of all injustices, all hurts, all traumas. To top it off, you are the absolute commander of your mind, and it's waiting for your commands.”
“السيئات يذهبن الحسنات  الجميلات يذهبن العقل ”
“أجمل الأوطان، تلك التي تأخذ شكل امرأة ”
“You are always a young magician with your own methods of creating your own world .”
“It would be a much more blooming world if we share with others whatever good we have in us.”
“I promise you this: when I embraced my differences and stopped trying to fit in, I ended up where I belonged.”
“My feelings were tangled up in knots. Guilt intertwined with innocence. Worry with calm. I had feelings I couldn’t name. But I believed that every human being had a right to live in peace.”
“Those who rest when they need to work will work when they need to rest. Do your bit when it is most rewarding.”
“There’s a great joy in living a life others rarely understand.”
“Queremos ser amados. Se não for possível, admirados; se não for possível, temidos; se não for possível, odiados e desprezados. Queremos, a qualquer preço, despertar algum sentimento nos outros. A alma abomina o vácuo. Anseia por contacto, a qualquer preço.”
“Don’t wring your hands over the loss of the past. Steady your hands for the adventure of the future.”
“Life is meant to realize oneself as a Divine Being in the Higher Consciousness (God), and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“O maior poder da morte não é fazer com que as pessoas morram, mas sim conseguir que as pessoas que ficam para trás queiram deixar de viver”
“Just like the sea she was turbulent and wild, angry and loving. She felt every sensation, but it was only here, with water around her, that she dared let herself feel so strongly, so passionately. ~Rikki (Waterbound, Seahaven/Sisters of the heart Book 1)”
“Staying successful is more perilous than becoming successful. And true failure is sometimes not when a person fails to achieve a dream, it is when they achieve it, only for their ego to foolishly ruin it for them.”
“You need to compete for success. There are somethings that doesn't come naturally unless it's hereditary and success is one of them.”
“Ezio Auditore Da Firenze: Nothing is true, everything is permitted. Sofia Sartor: That is rather cynical. Ezio Auditore Da Firenze: It would be if it were doctrine. But it is merely an observation on the nature of reality. To say that nothing is true is to realise that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must be the shepherds of our own civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions and that we must live with their consequences, whether glorious or tragic.”
“Rather than lying to ourselves that we are the best, I find it more commonsensical we accept ourselves the way we are. No amount of positive self-talk, expensive plastic surgery can remedy a broken self-image.”
“Great leadership is always coupled with the mindset, motivation, and momentum of great service”
“Talking about God, Abraham Lincoln once said, "I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go. My own wisdom and that of all about me seemed insufficient for that day.”
“Patience & Improvement is the Key to opening the Door to Progress.”
“To change our society we must make an effort to not give importance to the people who are known as the so called 'successful people' and the people who are called as 'celebrities.' Each person in this world has to struggle and achieve many things for himself and his family. Each person is a hero or a heroine. These so called celebrities have achieved success by achieving money and fame. But that's it. Why give them the status of "Gods" ?”
“That's life for you, doesn't always happen the way you want or expect. Actually half the time you get thrown something even better than what you think.”
“If you wish to be miserable, think about yourself, about what you want, what you like, what respect people ought to pay you, what people think of you; and then to you nothing will be pure. You will spoil everything you touch; you will make sin and misery for yourself out of everything God sends you; you will be as wretched as you choose.”
“In our lives, there is a path of stepping stones laid before us. They stretch out towards the horizon, until we cannot see them anymore. It takes courage, and fortitude, to make it to that next stone, for the conditions may not always be ideal for success. But stay focused. Be determined. And you will make it to the next stone.”
“When we least expect it, a new door opens on its own, to take us where we belong.”
“Being nice doesn't stop people from hating you and the hate shouldn't stop you from being nice. Don't listen to the loudest of the hurtful words instead pay attention on the lives you can impact positively.”
“God’s words are swift to create. Through men, His words are quick to build.”
“The clarity that comes without desperation, is the clarity that carries authority”
“If you really desire to hear God speak to you, your proximity to Him must be close like a shadow and your heart aligned with Him like a lover.”
“God bless the people who give everything and ask for nothing in return. May you have and find the most perfect things in this world.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“You may be good, but that doesn't make me bad. You may be intelligent, but that doesn't make me a fool.”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“Yeah, I was lame but I never stopped walking.”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“As the years slip by, we can drift apart, Friends becoming strangers, breaking heart to heart. But do not despair, for this is nature's way, Ebbing and flowing, like the tides of each day. Hold tight to those bonds that stand the test of time, Cherish each moment, like a precious rhyme.”
“Sometimes we outgrow people or they outgrow us, and that's okay. Don't let the loss of a few people make you forget the happiness that still exists in your life. Love yourself, love your surroundings, and keep moving forward with grace and strength.”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे , वो कर जायेंगे”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे, वो कर जायेंगे।”
“मैं देखता रहा, वो जाते रहे। फिर मैं भी चला, मगर वो याद आते रहे।”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“एक महान व्यक्ति हर क्षेत्र में महान नहीं होता।”
“तुम्हारा अच्छा होना, मुझे बुरा नहीं बनाता। तुम्हारा समझदार होना, मुझे मूर्ख नहीं बनाता।”
“Go after what you want in life. Don’t just talk about it. Take a step, run.”
“It is true that the charms, temptations and attractions of the world are very powerful, but a burning desire for enlightenment does not allow an aspirant to be distracted from his path.”
“Before wanting to feel at home with someone else, learn how to feel at home with yourself.”
“Each season, Mother Nature bares fruit and sheds at the same time: She is one of the greatest teachers in life.”
“I have been swimming inward and no longer drowning; I have been seeking the answers within myself.”
“All the work you are doing in silence is opening doors; trust your pace.”
“Love yourself enough through the hard times, good times, and weird times.”
“I was forty years old when I stood up for myself for the first time. I should’ve stood up earlier.”
“People we associate with influence the direction our life takes. And so often in life, success flows from not leaving our friendships to chance, and consciously choosing friends we need in our life.”
“When the darkness closes all around, beauty is st I’ll there just waiting to be found.”
“كلما سكب العمر عاماً جديداً بقارورة الجسد الهش، قلت: يا عمر عاش الندامى… وأسأل: ما دام لا يكبر الشعراء، علام تعود السنون، علاما؟ وما زلت أكبو على ولهي يا صبابات ! ما زال يكبر جرحي سكوتاً، وما زلت أجرح صمتي كلاما… وأكبر، لا بأس! بي عدم لا يُضام اذا ازداد عاماً، …إذا قلّ عاما”
“To truly understand the impact of a decision on your life, shift the focus from what good an opportunity would do for you, to what the opportunity would do to you.”
“Being true to yourself is the greatest force to uncover the soul.”
“لا يجرح السيف غمداً وهو يطعنه! ويجرح القلب صدرٌ وهو يحتضنُ…”
“لم آتِ، لكني أتيتُ  ومضيتُ لكن ما مضيتُ قلقاً على شكل النهايةِ لا ابتديتُ ولا انتهيتُ ورأيتُ أني لو أراك أريق بعدك ما رأيتُ.. الليل صبحٌ مضمرٌ والضوء قبل صباه زيتُ وأنا وأنت غمامتان نضيء أجمل ما اكتويتُ فعلام تجمعنا الأماكن طالما الكلمات بيتُ؟! وإلام نسكبُ والقناني تحتسيني ما احتسيتُ إني أطعتُ قصيدتي وندمت أن نفسي عصيتُ”
“أصعب رحيل على الإطلاق هو ذلك الذي يأخذ شكل البقاء ”
“Artists should never ask for, or dream of fame. They can ask for inspiration or prosperity, for those things can aid in the production and perfection of their art. Whereas fame will usually serve as a hindrance to themselves, and their art.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. Do something if you want something. Otherwise It will be your whole life.”
“The things which I have here promised, I will perform, and keep, so help me God.” Queen Elizabeth – The Queen’s Coronation Oath, 1953”
“I cannot lead you into battle, I do not give you laws or administer justice, but I can do something else: I can give my heart and my devotion to these old islands and to all the peoples of our brotherhood of nations.” Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II”
“Like all the best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and family disagreements."" Queen Elizabeth II”
“There is nothing offensive about the truth ~ Peter Ojo”
“If I'm offended by the truth. The truth cant change, but I must change or be living a lie. ~ Peter Ojo”
“When I close my eyes, I see an unending pattern. Most can make the day of a sad person brighter. But I'm not given the power to bring them to life. So I ask, what is the purpose? ~ Peter Ojo”
“If you hate me for telling the truth, will you like me for telling a lie? ~ Peter Ojo”
“If you hate me for telling the truth, then you will like me for telling a lie., but I'm too compassionate to see you suffer twice in ignorance and loving it. ~ Peter Ojo”
“The truth may upset you for a night, but you will never need a sleeping pill thereafter, so guess what I will always do? ~ Peter Ojo”
“The truth may upset you in public, but when you see my eyes in your lonely hour, you'll thank me for it, so guess what I will always do? ~Peter Ojo”
“There is no respectful way to deliver a truth ~Peter Ojo”
“If the truth considered your feelings, then it must consider the feelings of all living creatures ~Peter Ojo”
“The truth seems directed at you when in fact, it's blind. ~Peter Ojo”
“If you really want to make an impact, consider the unborn. ~Peter Ojo”
“…nothing is evil in the beginning.”
“I am acting, then," continued Alexander, "only on the defensive. The gods, who always favor the right, have given me the victory. I am now monarch of a large part of Asia, and your sovereign king. If you will admit this, and come to me as my subject, I will restore to you your mother, your wife, and your child, without any ransom. And, at any rate, whatever you decide in respect to these proposals, if you wish to communicate with me on any subject hereafter, I shall pay no attention to what you send unless you address it to me as your king.”
“Your conscious mind is the captain and the master of your ship—your body, your environment, and all your affairs. Your subconscious mind takes the orders you give it, based upon what your conscious mind believes and accepts as true.”
“A burning desire has devious ways of transmuting itself into its physical equivalent.”
“Too much pride can be a source of conflict. If we treat people with humility and respect, conflicts can be avoided. It is often our pride that encourages us to stand up straight and wage a battle of wills. While fighting to determine who is right and who is wrong, we”
“A person that treats you nicely and disrespects the waiter is not a nice person. Stay away from people like that and most importantly: Don’t be like that.”
“When you get from ‘I,’ ‘my,’ ‘mine,’ to ‘YOU’ and ‘YOUR’ your power and influence will increase by a significant degree.”
“We know everything, we just haven't thought of it yet”
“We can all strive to leave behind a legacy of kindness that will bring warmth and light to the world. Be kind always." ~Luz Reyes Luna”
“We can all strive to leave behind a legacy of kindness that will bring warmth and light to the world. Be kind always." ~Luz Reyes Luna”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“Listening Is one of the best critical and very Important life skill you should have as a person In order to succeed In life. Most If not all the time when I fail, It is because I wasn’t listening. Listening not just to respond, but to understand. Listening to your gut or Intuition. Listening to your heart or feelings. Listening to other people.”
“We don't meet people face to face, But waste our time on social media's embrace.”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“A star maybe far but I still see the light, That’s Hope and I have it.”
“You choose how you feel, you choose what you do, you choose who you are.”
“Be the leading light in your own life and break free from your socially constructed boxes to become better, bolder and brighter.”
“Fall my love fall to me, Fall that all the world may see, The beauty that true love can be  Fall my love to me  Fall from sorrow, Fall with grace, Into loving arms embrace, Tender lips, to tear washed face  Fall my love to me ”
“To the poet, Silence sings ”
“Speak to me, oh rocks and streams, Tell me tales of mountains tall  Oh boulders cleft and thunder cleaved, Beneath the veil of waterfalls ”
“The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make. The mold of your life is in your hands to break." J.R.R. Tolkien”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“We have no right to just stand by and watch them tarnish our tomorrow.”
“The right way is always the difficult way but it’s the only way that connects us with our soul.”
“When you’re too tired and feel like giving up on life, sit down and ponder over the journey of water.”
“Be bold. Be brave. Be you.”
“Beware of the temptation to bend facts to fit what you wish were true. Every lie runs itself to death. Every profound truth, like the sun, rises to become self-evident.”
“A path doesn’t appear on its own. We’ve to make it and we can make it.”
“Slowing down was how we remembered what we never wanted to forget.”
“Some used drugs to silence the pain, others used them to feel the pain they silenced.”
“Growth was often written in eraser.”
“Those who aren’t looking for help aren’t at the point where they need it yet. It’s everyone else who’s acting out of fear instead understanding.”
“We were quick to forget we didn’t forget quickly.”
“Using our trauma as an excuse to cause trauma to others was inexcusable.”
“Being ourselves was the easiest path to choose, although not the easiest to see through til the end.”
“Love Always, Eat Well, Travel Often”
“If you're looking for a miracle, for healing, for help— if you're looking for an answer, darling start within yourself.”
“The world needs your unique path; chart it fearlessly.”
“True leadership is serving others; follow Queen Elizabeth's noble example.”
“Success isn't wealth or status; impact matters.”
“The power of empowerment can change the world, one person at a time.”
“Leadership is service, not a throne to seize Empowering and uplifting those you lead with ease Each day, ask yourself how you can lend a hand Supporting others, not yourself, is what makes a true command The Queen’s example, a shining light Acknowledging and elevating others, always in her sight Breaking through barriers, supporting good causes Making everyone feel valued, she’s a true leader who never paused Let us all follow in her regal path Celebrating each other’s achievements, no aftermath Age and gender, never to be a limitation We can all make a positive impact on this nation Remember, true leadership is not about fame It’s measured by the success and well-being of your game So lead with service, and watch your people thrive For a true leader empowers, and helps their people to survive.”
“I have in sincerity pledged myself to your service, as so many of you are pledged to mine. Throughout all my life and with all my heart I shall strive to be worthy of your trust.” Her Majesty at the Coronation in 1953”
“Proper training is key, it allows one to accomplish a great deal."" Queen Elizabeth II”
“We are never to be impressed by Money, Degrees, Titles, Positions, or Followers but be impressed by Humility, True Love, Kindness, integrity, and generosity.”
“Що більше випинаєш силу, то тим слабший. Як гральний кубик: навпроти шістки завжди одиниця, навпроти п'ятірки-двійка ”
“That small step of yours, can create an big impact in your life!”
“When you meet people with a smile, it is difficult for them to return it with a frown. Smile at all time, it can brighten up your day and others.”
“Shedding: She asked "How can you keep shedding your past? Your failures, your losses, and people you once loved?" And I replied: "Because there are some things you just cannot keep. They have provided you with the lesson, and you have taken the growth, So what is left to hold onto? Keep shedding sweetheart. Keep finding new and wonderful strengths that you never imagined you owned, Climbing mountains you never thought you'd climb, And mending your wounded heart for yet another time Life is all about shedding. So don't keep hurting the softness of your soul. Life's most profound gifts are held in the hands of those who can learn so graciously to let go".”
“Them: Angel, It was never about you. It was always about them. Their fears, their insecurities, Doubts and misdeeds, Their desire to be right Their lack of feeling to move toward some light. So don't pound your heart any further. Don't wrestle with the past. It was never about you.”
“Breaking: Keep breaking, For this is where living truly lies, In all those dark places, That held those lost and weary cries, Because it's through all the breaking where your roots of strength are found, Through all the mending, Light gives way, and you smash fresh ground. Darling, let it break so you can let it go, And you'll find the surge of healing power through the fiery skin of your soul.”
“Endings and Beginnings: Wherever you may find yourself- on the edge of a sunset, on the beams of a sunrise, Balance is knowing when to hold on, and when to let go. What ends, be it painfully or peacefully, is just a preparation for something new; A rebirth, the magical seeds of a fresh perspective coming forth We are all a story of endings and beginnings; a complexion of ego and soul, love and pain, flowers and vines, fire and water, earth and air. So don't fear what falls away. Beyond, in unseen places from far out traces, there is something more wondrous in preparation to come your way. Darling one, A heartbeat, the destiny of a new beginning is far too enticing to ever fear an ending”
“Held: Love is the only thing to ever hold onto. Even when it was never returned to you Even if it was used as a tool to hurt you Because not everyone knows how to love Or to treat people tenderly That's why the ones that speak with love and live through love Will always have an extra special task to fulfil on this earth And that is  To keep holding onto love”
“See every good-bye as a thank you.”
“she told me not to worry so much - I was dead now and all the worrying had to stop at some point.”
“ If you won't change the world for love, then what will you do it for ”
“I found the two, because God will always be the one.”
“In life it is either you choose to prove people right or you choose to prove people wrong on what they think of you. It all depends on your actions.”
“Be sure to place your feet in the right place, then stand firm.”
“rules were meant to be broken crowds were meant to break apart you were meant to be somebody”
“Calmness is a bed where flowers grow.”
“What we believe is possible for us is nothing compared to what God can make happen for us. And moments that truly take our breath away are those moments when divine will put impossible odds in their rightful place.”
“What we believe is possible for us is nothing compared to what God can make happen for us. And moments that truly take our breath away are those moments when divine will puts impossible odds in their rightful place.”
“The real power lies in being able to focus”
“I confess, I have setbacks like anyone. But they don’t cause distress or coalesce in a mess for I’ve learned to step back, to reflect and assess where I’m at and enact a simple plan of attack — to press forward, progress; not digress, not give up nor express my despair but address what I can, my mistakes and my faults, with a head-on assault. For I’m blessed with my faith and belief and a chest that encases a heart that does not know the meaning of “quit" or “give up" or “there there” or “oh well”, “never-mind” or “bad luck” or “just try something else”, no. Me and myself, my reflection and I, we are not of that ilk, we aren’t ones to comply. We aren’t ones to conform or accept that the norm is a one-size-fits-all way to simply exist for we strive to be different, incredible, unique. Not irrelevant, invisible, insignificant or meek. We strive to resist and we fight to excel, so setbacks to us are a thing to be quashed, to be quelled, to be squished, to be left in our wake as we go on our way, as we sail right on by to impossible ends, to what few dare to try. This is why – this is why – as my reflection attests, there is no time to rest. The struggle is unending … but I will give it my best.”
“The goal is to reduce the time of suffering not eliminate it”
“Believe you can, and you're halfway there.”
“The sky is always open. You can fly anytime you like. Just make sure there is enough fuel within you and your wings are intact.”
“Everyone makes mistake.. Type of mistake gives the perspective of Seriousness.”
“Some people may sit at the table to decide your fate but it is only God that can restore all what you've lost. Always trust God.”
“Do you believe that prayer does not solve all things. There are some people that have been praying for a particular thing for a long time and their life still remain the same, because they have been praying the wrong prayer. When you pray the wrong prayer, it feels like you are filling a basket with water, and it won't hold. The moment you start praying the right prayer, like magic your life will turn around for good.”
“I could react or respond to your maliciousness against me but I'm busy with stocktaking, counting my blessings one by one.”
“We can see when others are trying to destroy us. But we choose to let karma deal with them accordingly.”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“Honor and integrity always make a difference,”
“Life isn't about how popular you are What girl or boy you are dating or who you know. Life is about always being true to who you are or what you believe in. Never let anyone convince you that their way is better than your way. In the end, all we have is our hearts.. and our minds. This is the reason we sing.. this is the reason we cry this is why we live.”
“If You Think Like God, You Will Create New Things, While You think Like Devil, You Will Destroy Everything”
“Faith can move mountains but love can move people to do greater things.”
“This is the journey of surviving through poetry, This is the blood, sweat, tears, of twenty-two years, This is my heart, This is the hurting, the loving, the breaking, and the healing.”
“We’re all different, that’s true. But that’s what makes us all the same, Can you not see that too?”
“The mind is like a restless monkey, but with practice and detachment, it can be tamed and made peaceful.”
“Realism is wisdom to use power true to life. Self-doubt will only hold you back from pursuing your dreams, and the harsh realities of life will only humble your self-importance.” ~Tunde Salami”
“We can’t go back and change what happened. It’s what we do next that matters.”
“Panick the fear which fears you everytime.”
“Body shaming is one of the unhealthiest thing to do to anyone. You never know what others are going through to be in the position they are. Always mind how you express your feelings to people, you may be causing them pain without realizing it.”
“Becoming isn't about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim. I see it instead as a forward motion, a means of evolving. A way to reach continuously toward a better self. The journey doesn't end.”
“Body shaming is one of the unhealthiest thing to do to anyone. You never know what others are going through to be in the position they are. Always mind how you express your thoughts to people, you may be causing them pain without realizing it.”
“FAILURE ALWAYS STANDS IN OUR WAY, BUT WE HAVE TO MOVE FORWARD WITHOUT ANY FEAR; THAT'S THE WAY SUCCESS COMES”
“Keep your conscious mind busy with the expectation of the best and the rest will follow.”
“I loved the love and i still love of it, because it's a light break in endless darkness, the lake that awaits you on the desert, the rose that cannot wither, the warm nest of birds. Love, between hello and goodbye we never are alone.”
“Love is enough though the world be a-waning, deep in flower and in flesh, in star and soil and seed we shall be notes in that great symphony of love, in every fallen tear, in every courageous heart, In every life that leaves, new suns across the sky will rise again.”
“If you want to turn your life around, start enjoying the little things in life with a big, big smile.”
“Sometimes the hardest lessons are the ones that change us the most".”
“Crying is healing, its a human emotion”
“Quizás no lo supiéramos, quizás no quisiéramos reconocerlo, pero ya nos estábamos quemando.”
“Pero ahora la muerte distingue, elige a los pobres antes que a los ricos”
“Some people will walk into your life when you need them most, some will walk out when you need them most, and some will walk with you every step of your journey. They all make your life truly rich.”
“Focus on where you’re going and how deserved it is after fighting for as long as you did.”
“Be willing to leave the ground behind if you want to fly.”
“A part of you dies when you lose something precious, but don’t give up on the experience of love. You might just find it again, waiting in the tall grass beneath a starry sky.”
“A part of you dies when you lose something precious, but don’t give up on the experience of love. You might just find it again, waiting in the tall grass, beneath a starry sky.”
“If You Things like God, You Will Create New Things, While You Things Like Devil, You will destroy Everything”
“We have not been rewarded to evolve over our failures but punished never to make mistakes again.”
“How different could the world be if we can like people for what they chose to be than dislike them for what we want them to become?”
“Don’t be afraid of what lies in the darkness, because sometimes, the things hidden in the dark are our greatest allies.”
“People fall in love because they have some unfinished business from past lives.”
“To love is to be brave. To love is to operate in your natural state.”
“Take your time investing so much emotion into other people's behavior. Many philosophies instruct us never to become invested in the behavior of others.”
“Artists will create art. The World needs art and artists. Anyone for art?”
“In most cases, strengths and weaknesses are two sides of the same coin. A strength in one situation is a weakness in another, yet often the person can’t switch gears. It’s a very subtle thing to talk about strengths and weaknesses because almost always they’re the same thing.”
“We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.”
“Once capacity is surpassed, additional information becomes noise and results in a decrease in information processing and decision quality.”
“Wish it need not have happened in my time,” said Frodo. “So do I,” said Gandalf, “and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring.”
“The ‘Inside-Out’ approach to personal and interpersonal effectiveness means to start first with self; even more fundamentally, to start with the most inside part of self—with your paradigms, your character, and your motives.”
“When I explored my deeper mind, I could understand that my life is only an illusion, an apparent reality”
“God gives Himself to us through the things that He gives to us. Never separate the giver from the gifts. The giver is in the gift and the gift is in the giver.”
“If you think love is a game . You will lose .”
“To lovers out there … If you think love is a game. You will lose. You will fool around, play around and at the end , you will find out by losing. Losing interests, partner, love, passion, integrity, money, kindness, morals, time, losing yourself and if you are unlucky losing your life. That is why some people who think like that are scoring or winning dates, hot partners, arguments, sex and other people’s partner, but losing love.”
“Time is my friend when it doesn't let the bad moments stay but it becomes my enemy when it lets the good moments pass by.”
“The healing man left me a wee bit broken so I could understand”—he looked back at his friends—“Kai and Tilly, Roe, Reece, and Jed. And dozens o’ others. When a sufferin’ creature shows up at me cottage, I get to help ’em and bring ’em here. Show ’em the way up the mountain. Fact is, they probably wouldn’t listen to me if I didn’t have this wooden stump. It’s proof that I’ve suffered too.”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“True giving and receiving have no strings attached: they are hearty acts of compassion and gratitude, not grudging acts of obligation and entitlement.”
“Vision with action makes a powerful reality.”
“Every grain of sands has an intricate role to play in this marvelous masterpiece called life. Nothing is random, respect all happenings.”
“The moment you surrender to love and allow it to lead you to exactly where your soul wants to go, you will have no difficulty.”
“No matter how successful you are in life, you will eventually die. But the only thing that matters is the positive impact you have made in people's life. And that is what you will be remembered for, for a long time.”
“No matter how successful you are in life, you will eventually die. But the only thing that matters is the positive impact you have made in people's life. And that is what you will be remembered for.”
“All greatness comes from suffering.”
“Be careful where you spend your time. Be careful what you allow your soul to be exposed to. The difference is palpable. You have a choice, and if you don't, create one”
“If you stare in the face of evil too long, it will become your reflection. Turn toward the light of love.”
“Life. It’s not just about watching the stars. It’s about shining with them.”
“Everything looks impossible initially, and then everything eases out gradually. Beginning is the key.”
“A man must wage war on himself to defeat his weaknesses and conquer his strengths”
“Sometimes those you value may not value you. Those you love may not love you. But God has a way of bringing the best people into your life, even when they seem like the wrong choice to you. Always follow God's direction.”
“Never get bitter, life is a medley of good and bad ingredients.”
“No iba a dudar del poder de su cuerpo. No iba a cuestionarse si era merecido. Iba a hacer esto y lo iba a hacer ella sola.”
“It's the glasses that do not fit the nose, not the nose not fitting the glasses.”
“Where attention goes energy flows; where intention goes energy flows.”
“Success is the circle, hard work is the perimeter of it. the diameter of success is the addition of radius and radius of success is the failures of it”
“Remember other people are just as important in the universe as you are. Their desires are as important as yours. Their viewpoint is as important as yours.”
“Don’t be consumed by what you consume. Choose to use your cellphone, don’t let your cellphone use you. Choose to control your alcohol, don’t let your alcohol to control you. Choose to control your anger , don’t let your anger to control you. Choose to control your sex drive , don’t let your sex drive control you. Choose to control your social media or internet, don’t let social media or internet control you.”
“Remember to be kind with your words especially to yourself”
“Don't fake it to be good to people. Whether you're good or bad, those that will love you will love you. Don't lower your standard to be accepted by others. Be yourself.”
“Just because people run after you doesn't mean they can't stay away from you. Don't take anyone for granted.”
“Your attitude determines your altitude. It really is true that if you think you can, you can; and if you think you can’t – you’re right.”
“Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude even than by mental capabilities.”
“It gets better tomorrow.”
“Humans are not to be differentiated by caste, color, creed, and gender instead by their approach Positive or Negative.”
“Contradictory little pieces of truth are a fact of life. But when we are willing to embrace and piece them together, we instantly discern them as different perspectives of the same enduring wisdom.”
“Si no usaba esta vida, entonces la estaba desperdiciando”
“For it is scars that show us where we've been; let them not dictate where we are going.”
“For it is our scars that show us where we've been; let them not dictate where we are going.”
“Just because some gets it easy doesn't mean they are better than you. It's just their time to reign, when your time comes it will also be like a miracle.”
“If you start everything with God and end everything with God. God won't disappoint you in times of troubles.”
“The day you hear a man call his wife "stupid" in someone's presence, just focus on his eyes, and you will see a fool.”
“Even if you get rejected in every areas of your life, don't feel dejected. Always have a positive mindset towards life and every other things will fall in place at the right time.”
“Na koi Pitaaji na koi Bhai. Aadmi ko Apne per khada hona hota hei. No Father and No Bother. Every Man has to stand up on his own feet.”
“We don't have to defeat any individual but our own self.”
“Life is all about becoming a better version of yourself.”
“The dream is for Africans to realise who they were originally meant to be.”
“Beautiful Things come with Elegant Equations.”
“Toronto is a city of dreamers, believers and achievers, whose success is measured against the CN Tower.”
“Kita harus belajar kecewa bahwa orang yang kita percaya ternyata memegang pisau dan menusuk punggung kita. Kita tak bisa berharap semua orang akan selalu loyal pada perjuangan dan persahabatan.”
“Don’t plan or make a financial decision that is dependent on another person without letting them know first.”
“Move on. Don't dwell on it.”
“Take naps when tired.”
“Set some time off for play.”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“True love mends broken hearts and never changes no matter what the circumstances are, but the fake eventually destroys someone's heart.”
“When you have an understanding of how things work, you will know better how to work things out”
“Dream big, you owe no one an explanation for the size of your DREAM”
“Temperament' is just a elite perception of who you seem to be right now, not who you will ever be.”
“Inspirational and motivational contents open your mind and help you expand your reality and perspective; and then drive you into taking corresponding actions. It is up to you to find out what really works for you”
“There is need to embrace flexibility and make a switch where and when necessary. It’s your dream, it’s your journey, so find a way.”
“True potential is realized when we stretch. When we choose to go beyond our present perceived capability.”
“When you stretch, you create for yourself new possibilities, new horizon, giving yourself an opportunity to break your own record; and that’s what I call true progress.”
“Redirect your focus and gravitate to the anticipated result you want in life. Stretch!”
“I hold in a lot. When I’m in pain, I don’t like to worry about other people. No matter how hard I cry, or how much somebody asks, my answer will be, I’m fine. Even if it’s not true..”
“If you know how to remain peaceful from within, then there is nothing in this world that can create trouble in you..”
“Do you know your human rights ? How would you celebrate or practice them if you don’t know them ? You can choose this day to study , enquire and to know what are your human rights . We are a danger to ourselves and to others around us. If we don’t know what we should know.”
“You are not defined by your past, your struggles, or your circumstances. You are defined by your strength, your kindness, and your ability to overcome. Keep pushing forward, and know that you are never alone.”
“Imagine meeting someone who wants to understand your past not to judge or punish you, but to understand how you needed to be loved.”
“Life is a game of chess, where each move requires careful consideration and strategizing. Sometimes, the pieces fall into place, and other times, we are faced with obstacles that seem insurmountable. It is in those moments of adversity that our true character is revealed, and we are forced to make decisions that can ultimately determine the course of our lives.”
“Whatever you vividly imagine, ardinently desire, enthusiastically act upon will come to pass.”
“Skipping Shadow Work is like skipping "Leg Day".”
“We all have people whose selfless acts of goodwill have enriched our life. So, as you savour your own personal success, don’t forget to do what you can to better the lives of others.”
“But someone who has no peace within can't give another being peace, all they can do is give false hopes that they themselves don't believe.”
“My dear children, words can heal, and words can hurt. Use them wisely, and you'll find that you can create wonders with them.”
“In my 12th / Intermediate Level in Ravenshaw College, I read the novel "Train to Pakistan" by the great writer Khushwant Singh. I read the struggles and sadness of the people from both sides of the border in the partition that happened in 1947. I am poet and I only believe in love and peace. We the homo sapiens are capable of great things, but let us not get narrow minded and hate each other. Our world needs more loving hearts.”
“Every birth takes time, yet we celebrate it for a moment. But death is just a second and leaves us with a lasting pain that no one can ever be familiar with.”
“Only poetry can express the weight of the world and still remain whole.”
“The human experience is designed to shape us for something greater— greater than our imagination or hopes.”
“I am poet, and I only believe in love and peace. We the homo sapiens are capable of great things, but let us not get narrow minded and hate each other. Our world needs more loving hearts.”
“Know that bad character and attitude can block people from seeing the skill, talent or potential you have.”
“Don’t waste energy living a life someone else designed for you. Life is one per customer. Let them do theirs. You do yours.”
“Love & pride don't mix.”
“We have all been through something, it's how you create something out of it that matters.”
“But walking through it all was one thing; walking away, unfortunately, has proved to be quite another, and though once I thought I had left that ravine forever on an April afternoon long ago, now I am not so sure.”
“Be a person of substance to people and not someone they wish they never met.”
“Step without fear; helping anyone to step out of fear is the best emotional recipe for the mind.”
“A weak willpower makes every potential way forward look like a brick wall. But when you are hungry to tap all the talents you are born with, every opportunity looks like an open door to where you are meant to be.”
“Eyes carry a lot of emotions.”
“A home is a source of safety and comfort.”
“If you always want the validation of others, you won't grow beyond people's expectations.”
“It Pays 2 Discover”
“Be You, Do You, and Don't Change For Nobody But You”
“Dreaming is the fuel in the car of dedication!”
“In the end, it will all work out OK. The end isn't final if we're not okay with it.”
“Pain made me write and writing made me happy”
“Make today so awesome yesterday gets jealous.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“There is a bright side to everything. Don't waste your energy moaning about the dark side of things! Move ahead and look at the bright side. Be positive. Move forward. Do the right thing.”
“I have so much love to give because I love myself so much.”
“Your future is in direct proportion to what you do in the present.”
“Society has failed women, men, children, fathers , mothers. We have created standards, rules, norms, behavior, trends, lifestyle that destroy us rather than building us. That degrade us rather uplifting us. That oppresses us rather than liberating us. That depresses us rather than cheering us. The sad part is we individually are the society. We are contributing to life by everything we do or say or don’t do or say it .”
“Every block of work has patience inside it, and it is the task of skills to discover it.”
“Most people told you their thoughts in words and later confirmed them in actions. There were more people who told the truth than those who lied.”
“The different between other races or other people is that they choose to fight for each other and while others choose to fight each other . The ones who choose to fight for each other are always winning in life. The other ones who choose to fight each other are always losing in life. You choose which one you are going to be.”
“To lovers out there … Thou shall not condone toxic behavior or abuse in a relationship. Thou shall not compare their relationship with other relationships or partners. Thou shall not compete with their partner. Thou shall care for their partner Thou shall compromise for their partner . Relationship is about meeting each other halfway. You need to be on the same way again.”
“মানুষের মনের ভিতর যদি ভালো কিছু করার জিদ একবার চেপে বসে আর সে যদি লক্ষ্যকে ঠিক রেখে পরিশ্রম করে যায়, তাহলে- কিছুদিন আগে বা পরে- তার জীবনে সফলতা আসবেই এবং আসতে বাধ্য।”
“একদিন আপনিও সফল হবেব। সেইদিন আপনি না চাইলেও শত শত মানুষ আপনার জীবনের গল্পগুলো শুনতে চাইবে। সেই গল্পগুলো বলতে বলতে আপনি ক্লান্ত হয়ে যাবেব। তারপরও মানুষ আপনার মুখে শুনতে চাইবে। অন্তত নিজের মনের ভিতর আগলে রাখা সেই জমা কথাগুলো বলার জন্য হলেও আপনাকে অন্তত একবার সফল হতে হবে।”
“One of the greatest gifts you can give someone is to accept them as they are. Not because they are perfect, but because your gracious centred heart knows our flaws are what make us human.”
“It’s a big world but we are small. Every little thing matters a lot.”
“i hope you always have the courage to love yourself no matter how many times the world breaks your heart”
“3 things you are in control of: your response to your feelings what you hold onto what you let go”
“But people —the ordinary, the decent and basically honest— couldn’t get through the day without that one indispensable bit of programming, that allowed you to say one thing and mean, feel, even do, another.”
“What is a game? (Marx said) It's tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's the possibility of infinite rebirth, infinite redemption. The idea that if you keep playing, you could win. No loss is permanent, because nothing is permanent, ever.”
“Try your best not to make people sad if you can't make them happy, because some people may be passing through tough time in life.”
“Fashion passes; style remains.”
“Whoever said money can't buy happiness, didn't know where to go shopping.”
“Modern Slavery is the lack of emancipation from Mental Slavery.”
“Worship is unto God as the Word of God is unto man.”
“The Impact of God without evidence is likened to Life without the Breath of God; for there is no impact without evidence.”
“Worry is the only CURRENCY that steals your total dependence on God, it is the transaction that leaves you in a debt called DEFEAT; it is the broken wall that keeps you defenseless against your enemies.”
“You are stunning, amazing, strong, and capable. You deserve everything you want and you'll get it, put your mind to it, you lovely soul, and work towards it. Don't give up today. I have faith in you, beautiful.”
“Doubting your judgments is the beginning of enlightenment.”
“when we love ourselves as we are while striving to be better everyday aiming to live to our truest potential, we show appreciation for the gifts we've been given and honor the beauty of uniqueness we carry in our heart”
“You can't always win in life but you can always have a mind that every loss is not a defeat.”
“When day comes, we step out of the shade of flame and unafraid. The new dawn balloons as we free it. For there is always light, if only we’re brave enough to see it. If only we’re brave enough to be it. The Hill We Climb: An Inaugural Poem for the Country”
“Dream your dreams create your art sing your songs and play your best game ever. We are all blessed, and we are all here for a purpose for which only our Soul truly knows. Tune in to your call, listen dream. Do only that which brings happiness and well-being. If it feels good and makes you happy, then do more of it. Spend time with people who believe in you and support you. Be with those who feed your Soul for, when you grow and blossom, there are fields of flowers to nurture all. Wish the best for yourself and the perceived other. Everything is possible.”
“Building a successful life requires effort. The more effort you put into what you do, the more result you would see.”
“If life's an exercise in making memories, no one really goes away as long as they are remembered. (The many deaths of Laila Starr)”
“Follow your heart. You may go astray but your life will find its direction somehow.”
“Talk is cheap that is why everyone can afford to have an opinion or say on what you do. But taking an action is costly. It will cost you your time, money, effort, skills, focus, experience, knowledge, commitment, dedication, patient ,determination and not everyone has that.”
“If you've been through hell on earth. You would understand that the people you see are more dangerous than the devil you haven't met.”
“It is okay to be a person who is still healing. The truth is that we always will be. It is a forever practice, it is that forever kind of love with yourself.”
“The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.” - Rachel Carson”
“No matter what you're going through, don't let that be a reason to be heartless to others, because when the damage is done it cannot be reversed.”
“I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it.”
“To lovers out there … I had learned that when you want something really good for you. You must work hard for it, or you must pay for it. You can pay respect, pay attention, pay it with your time . Some pay with money. Some pay with their careers, dreams and goals. Some pay by making sacrifices. Some pay with their bodies or life, and some pay with their emotions. Or you must work hard in doing chores, doing favors, buying gifts, working on your sex game , communication or listening skills, or working hard in pleasing your partner. Then you will have a good relationship or marriage.”
“Courage isn’t an absence of fear,’ cried out Sara. ‘It’s the light we find when fear is all there is.”
“If you live your life to satisfy or impress others, you would realize that if you can't keep the act till the end, they would stop loving you at some point, because human want is insatiable.”
“Rejection should be a means of improvement and not a way to feel dejected.”
“Although panic attacks can be scary and overwhelming, they can also be a powerful teacher, showing us the depths of our inner strength and resilience. We may develop more self-awareness, self-compassion, and a stronger feeling of connection with others by addressing our anxieties and finding ways to control our anxiety.”
“The transparent glassy moon shines abroad, and reflects the radiance above jocund streams, a cluster of stars kiss the night’s cheek, I envy! the Music faints, yet it pretends to be happy, a beam of Wisdom stills me, and bestirs, my wings are unfolded to fly, to fly! to a world, never, ever have I seen, from a World, I lost the love.”
“As a leader, you're not paid to make decisions. You're paid to get results from decisions.”
“Lower your expectations, but never lower your standards.”
“No boat moves an inch if the sailor has not will to paddle.”
“The stigma we create for people with mental illnesses keeps them in a prison of silence and shame. Let's remove those barriers with compassion and understanding so they can receive the support and healing they deserve.”
“Though it may be a constant battle, let us not forget the strength and resilience it takes to face our fears and overcome the obstacles that OCD presents. Every step forward, no matter how small, is a triumph worth celebrating.”
“Schizophrenia may affect how we perceive reality, but it cannot diminish the power of our imagination and the strength of our spirit.”
“Living with schizophrenia requires immense courage and resilience, as we navigate a world that may not always understand or accept us. But let us remember that our experiences and perspectives are valid, and that our journey has the potential to inspire and empower others.”
“To be unique, you must have the ability to lead through challenges, failures, and mistakes, because to conquer the world, One must first conquer his/her fears”
“You might have had to deal with many disappoinment in life but don't doubt the possibility of success.”
“The only business I pride myself in minding are the ones that put money in my pocket. If it doesn't put money in my pocket it's non of my Businesses.”
“When you know better. You must do better. You can’t be competing with people who are clueless, knowledge less, careless, misinformed, mislead and heartless. People who do stupid and bad things. Every person is responsible for their , even if their action was retaliation.”
“She was brave, vibrant, spirited and dynamic. Her determination to fight for her people was admirable, and her fearlessness in asking for what she needed from him and his brothers was brassy. She was a vision of rare beauty and intelligence that tore through his every fibre.”
“Declamation: «¡Cuánto me temo que ahora acudan a mí para pagar con mi osadía!, y es que allí el tiempo se mide por calendas y no por agonía» Meaning: Significa que en el infierno el tiempo no tiene fin ni sentido, mientras que en la tierra el tiempo está marcado por el dolor y la muerte. Las calendas eran el primer día de cada mes en el antiguo calendario romano, y la agonía es el estado previo a la muerte o el sufrimiento extremo. Estas palabras contrastan la idea de un tiempo eterno e inmutable con uno temporal y cambiante.”
“Advice: «¡De angosta criba son los temores del alma!» Meaning: Quiere decir que los miedos del alma son difíciles de separar o eliminar, y que solo los más fuertes o valientes pueden superarlos.”
“People should be getting bad services or product because you chose to be in the wrong field or you chose to hate your job, supervisor, manager , boss, employment or what you do.”
“People should note be getting bad services or product because you chose to be in the wrong field or you chose to hate your job, supervisor, manager , boss, employment or what you do.”
“If you keep questioning everything that happens to you in life, you will destroy yourself. Sometimes all you need to do is leave everything to God and believe He's capable of giving you the best life.”
“Write the book you want to read.”
“Even the brightest flowers must grow through the darkness. Darkness is inevitable. We need to learn to coexist with the darkness. It won’t linger on forever.”
“Every flower is a melody that floats through the air and soothes our hearts.”
“And as long as our souls fly together, never apart ever again, we shall love forever.”
“Good exists so that evil can be rendered harmless with effortless ease. No matter how invincible darkness may seem, it only takes a moment for the purity of light to subdue it.”
“A mentally strong woman is a game changer, she brings comfort, confidence and a go-getter.”
“Every second alive is the greatest gift we will ever know.”
“karma is given, not to those who ask, but to those who ask of nothing.”
“I only drink champagne on two occasions, when I am in love and when I'm not.”
“Where should one use perfume? - asked a young woman Wherever one wants to be kissed. - I replied”
“One can get used to ugliness, but never to negligence.”
“Permanent Happiness is way more beautiful, than temporary joy!”
“You don’t need a compass when you are yourself a map.”
“Life is a cycle. Eternal in its own way.”
“God is able to do the impossible, exceedingly, abundantly far above all you can ever think or imagine but HE doesn’t want to do that outside of a relationship with you. Biblical prayer is not communication without a relationship.”
“Strengthen my heart To keep speaking what I know is true Even when it hurts And brings pain I must go through.” —From the poem ‘Offering”
“Let us always be kind to one another, for our kindness is the beginning of Love.”
“While we do not choose the circumstances of birth, we have the power to choose our destiny by building a unique and compelling personal brand to enhance our value and change the trajectory of our success.”
“Intellect is easier to fake than character. A weak intellect may propel a person to the pinnacle of success, but the entry pass for remaining grounded and enjoying the amazing view is always an excellent character.”
“Life is best lived one day at a time when enriched with reflection and human connection on a deeper level.”
“I believe that God can put up with almost our shortcomings until we start to complain.”
“To develop the habit of gratitude or make it a lifestyle, we must learn to exhibit or practice gratitude in the ordinary affairs of life.”
“Sometimes all we need to do is simply remind ourselves of how good we have it right now and joy would naturally flow within us  Ingratitude is the result of forgetfulness.”
“We are all from small towns. But we dream big!”
“Something deep inside calls us to adventure and to brave the unknown   There is a bit of wilderness within all of us.”
“Do not fade in the background of familiarity.”
“Neither impress nor be impressed.”
“Breath puts a sliver of light between impact and reflex. That’s the endgame of all that meditation-breathing stuff: interrupting knee-jerk impulsivity.”
“You can’t strangle stress to death. You can try, but all that effort only increases its ferocity until it shatters your ability to contain it.”
“We are all hurt, sad, scared, angry and fed-up , but that is not enough to bring changes in our lives. Change only happens because we are making a change not because we have suffered enough.Unless you do something that you think will make a difference. Everything will remain the same.”
“Skinny doesn’t make for happy, folks. The big, elusive promise of achieving some kind of skin-and-bones victory over ourselves is a lie.”
“Truth on social media can offer hope in tragedy. It can also offer solace for a plethora of quiet insecurities that plague our daily lives, the ones that hover in our minds but go unspoken,”
“A lifetime spent merely enduring your body squanders your power and forfeits your capacity for contentment. ”
“Why do we have to listen to our hearts? the boy asked, when they had made camp that day. Because, wherever your heart is, that is where you'll find your treasure.”
“She will always wear her crown, regardless of the hate.”
“Life is whimsical and magical. Placing one foot after another- within our mind, we create and birth the path we take. Upon physical arrival, the presentation of this manifestation is often grander than our internal vision. We need only to open up and see. Open to the journey.”
“Fly time never comes again in life, but the process can be reversible for a new and fresh start so life is just like an hourglass it can turn upside down to start another beginning.”
“Rock breaks into pieces if it falls. The wave of the sea breaks all obstacles if it comes. Great works and dreams require swift running, falling, failure, turning, and fighting. So forget everything and work like hell until you reach your goal.”
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.”
“He/She: "I don't wanna give up on my dream, but it seems so hard to go through anxieties on a regular basis. And, then some insecurities and judgements add up to the misery." Me: "I wouldn't have come this far by giving up on my dream. I have gone through and still go through anxieties, failures, and setbacks. But I have never given up my struggle to achieve my dream in life.”
“We live for our time We do the deeds That change our world today We are the people of the present And now is what we say.” —From the poem ‘Our Time”
“The truth of the matter is the people in the Empire are suffering. I am their princess. If they suffer, I should be in anguish. If they are left out in the cold, I should freeze. If they must endure a wound, I should bleed.”
“The more you bruise, the more you learn.”
“That's something every islander knows--there's always going to be another hurricane. Another storm. Everything buried will surface again, and everything you thought would last forever will come down eventually. But you rebuild. You dredge. You keep moving, keep adding new. That's how we go on living.”
“At times, even a 90% compatibility rate ends in a breakup.”
“Crossing the prairie he had learned something that he knew to be a contradiction: that a constant sound—like the slithering of wind-blown grass—can become its own silence. Here at the edge of the mountain ranges another lesson became clear: this dichotomous land had made some claim upon his soul. The plains seemed to go on forever, the gently rolling land seeming to mirror the endless sky. The vastness of it all gave him his first seed of hope. Here, in this spacious country where a man was constantly dwarfed by the grandeur of his surroundings, he might learn to burn up his past and let the sparks scatter to the stars. Under this broad Western sky there seemed to be more directions, more possibilities . . . not just about what to do with his life . . . but also what kind of man to be.”
“One bird is still singing.”
“Refocusing on Our Christian Responsibilities”
“Goodness is more about trying to save those you love. Regardless of the cost.”
“Some people are just our karma coming for payback.”
“Sadness is sometimes the start to eternal happiness.”
“The healing starts at the mountain, but you need the river to wash the pain away.”
“An intelligent person can't go wrong, but there is a possibility that he does not reach his destination. A hardworking person can go wrong, but it's sure that he will reach his destination. ”
“If I can’t get your love, time, money, hope, and positivity, don’t thrash me with your desperation, anxiety, negativity, criticism, or unsolicited advice. ”
“To stay ahead in the fast and furious world, slow down and think! ”
“We were thought by generation before us an eye for an eye and to love those that love us, but what if I tell you that true love has no boundaries? it comes with peace and no sorrow, feel with regrets”
“This is the place where I want to be young To breathe the beginning breath Through newborn lungs To run barefoot chasing butterflies To sleep beneath wondrous skies To stand on stony mountains Far above the birch and pine Looking down at all about me I’ll call this world mine ….. When the wild wind sings I will hear its song That beckons to my heart, Tells me that I belong And all these hills and every tree Become a part of my story ….. Yet, as the pages of a story grow Characters learn, develop, go May it be granted, if I leave If I change in any way That this place will always remain The same as I saw it today ….. If my feet wander If life’s paths take me far Time may alter youthful face But let not it change a tree or star Let not it touch a leaf Nor a river, nor a stream Or raise a cloak of shadow Over even one sunbeam The years may not lift their hand To crumble any stone Or free their feet to trample Fields where flowers have grown ….. If I tarry long The song will bring me back If in the journey I am lost The wind will steer my track I will be changed when I come Grey hair and marred face But the hills will recall That I am one with this place Standing, just the way I used to Upon the mountain height Breathing, just the way I once did The crisp, star filled night And praying, just the way I always have That I might be young here.” — ‘Where I Want to Be Young”
“I drank a bitter cup of ale, a cupful of fancy, and thoughts slide beyond the mountain rill; clasping every fairness to the quill, the scent of flowers, the musical choir of birds, o’ air! the Divine here! for a poet’s joy to sigh!”
“Everything is hard, but your dreams are not impossible. If you have seen it with your mind’s eye, it is indeed quite achievable.”
“O’ quiet, the steadfast mind ponders a lot, with thoughts, so high in a creative surge. sinks into the Lethe of solitude sincerely, and forgets the cloudy paths of an awful past.”
“Every day brings fresh blessings for the faith driven. And no one ever regrets starting a day buzzing with deep gratitude and total receptivity to the limitless goodness that every day brings.”
“Don't have HOPE that the situation will be better. Have HOPE that your savior will be nearer.”
“Don't have HOPE that your situation will be better. Have HOPE that your future will be brighter.”
“The Moon and the Stars Shine  Even when, the Clouds hide the Sunbeams ”
“Lo verdaderamente importante no es el destino, sino el camino.”
“Deep inside, all of us desire to love and be loved. Love is our true nature because love is the nature of our spirit. That is why when we get in touch with our spirit, we get in touch with love. Composting the Ego Leaf Lessons”
“As long as you can use your hands, the world is your oyster.”
“Господи, дай мне спокойствия - принять то, что я не могу изменить; храбрости - изменить то, что могу; и мудрости, чтобы отличить одно от другого”
“There are two wolves in every human. A white wolf and a black wolf. The white wolf is symbolic of all your good deeds, where-as the black wolf is symbolic of all your bad deeds. I ask you then, which wolf wins the fight? The wolf you choose to feed of course. But beware for a hungry wolf is a ruthless wolf and will fight harder then they ever have before. However on that 33rd fight, the wolf you refused to feed won't even be able to show up.”
“Refocusing on Our Christian Responsibilities”
“You are stressing about what other people might be thinking about you. Chances are you can be 100 % correct or incorrect. Without superpowers, you might not know what others are thinking unless they tell you. Whatever you think they are thinking. It is not their thinking, but It is your thinking. Stop creating threatening bad situations and environments in your head that will prevent you from doing well in life.”
“The thunder comes before the flood. We all must bear the storm. I pray the good Creator’s protection upon you all.”
“IT'S OKAY TO NOT BE OKAY. It's also okay to ask for help when you need it.”
“they are a little more solid even in the exquisite nakedness of their existence and they glory in their reality and read music and dance poetry on the sidewalks and in the lavatories of bombed out buildings. we take their words and cup them in our hands and we take their lips and crush them to ourselves and dream the dreams and think of sands and faraway places and wish for death and pray they see IT soon.”
“Darkness ages faster than you’d think. It doesn’t loiter on forever”
“Life hit him with the biggest burden it could find but yet it couldn’t knock him down. He is smiling as a little Nepali boy with rhododendron flowers in his hands high up in the Himalayas and is making everybody around him cheerful and calm.”
“Hey, gancho!”
“A meeting from 3 years ago led to an opportunity this month. A failed feature pitch from 2 years ago recently found new life in a different medium. A script I couldn't sell led to me working in animation. Writing is a long hustle, I'm saying, and "No," sometimes means, "Not now.”
“And feel a surprise; while fortune comes like a silver beam, at once, the reflection of what we did toil, is a guiding light to the success; a newly burn of fame.”
“If you hate your voice, remember it’s the sound your pet loves to hear.”
“Today is a big day. It’s a new day. Yay! Yay! Yay!”
“Always Keep Learning”
“Time puts everything in its proper place and whatever is misplaced is already on the way to where it belongs.”
“Never give up. Things that you keep dreaming about will happen one day.”
“I am grateful to be a woman. I must have done something great in another life.”
“Solitude, the pricy state seeking tranquil air, for errors, for apologies, behold! a calm down side, beneath the sloppy, hilly village’s canopying shade, there is the warmth of lonely peace to respite”
“মানুষকে ভালোবাসলে মানুষও ভালোবাসে। যদি সামান্য ত্যাগ স্বীকার করেন, তবে জনসাধারণ আপনার জন্য জীবন দিতেও পারে।”
“One day you will thank yourself for not settling and never giving up on you. So, go 'head and take a bow in advance. You did it!”
“Books are a uniquely portable magic.”
“Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes.”
“We are each gifted in a unique way. But success in finding great applications for our gifts hinges on the power of our courage to steer clear of the trap of evaluating our significance by how we rank in comparison to others.”
“First we lose, then we win in Life." Recently many people in the IT and Tech sectors are facing a difficult phase of their life. I had similarly faced a difficult phase in the Finance sector in the year 2008. We all have gone through failures in life. But that should not stop us from trying for success. Staying hopeful and working toward our goals bring us an opportunity to achieve success.”
“A Book Is Someone's Story, Treat It Carefully, Look At It Closely.”
“కొండలతో, సముద్రాలతో కలసి బ్రతికేవాడికి తుఫానులో లెక్కా? తుఫాను తుఫానులే ఎగిరిపోతున్నాయి ఈగల్లా ఎగిరే ఈ కుద్ర బాధలో లెక్కా ?”
“No matter how slow the truth moves, it will surely reach its destination.”
“Be bold. Don't be shy to say no to the future you don't like”
“WALKING IS GOOD FOR YOUR SOUL!”
“Even if people do not understand you, at least they do not possess the same ability as your bizarre uniqueness.”
“I wake up and grind like the whole world owes me money. I'm taking that money like I'm owed.”
“Gratitude creates hope, and hope activates the law of attraction. ”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“Naysayers can't prevent your brilliance and purpose from entering the world. It will seep under doors like water flooding into a room. Its shafts will beam through windows like dazzling rays on a bright, summery morning. Within the sunlight are galaxies and constellations filled with opportunities for you to take. All you have to do is create the environment for its manifestation and keep striving, keep going.”
“Poetry is an expression of high and low emotions.”
“There are two possible outcomes for an injured person, either succumb to his/her injury or fight harder and come out stronger with a scar as a trophy ”
“Force Field. The place where you are safe. You are loved. You are free!”
“It's never too late to be what you might have been."--”
“ABBA IS Love It IS impossible to truly love Without He Who Is Love”
“Dreaming of a life not lived, but holding onto the fantasy, because the scars of reality still sting the heart.”
“The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.”
“Trata-se de aprendermos a lidar com o medo de forma sensata, de encontramos uma maneira de deixarmos que os nervos nos guiem, em vez de nos deterem.”
“Keep the fight in your veins, honey. Never let it fade.”
“A leaf is a silent proverb. Did you ever consider that? When it buds on the tree, people rejoice. Throughout its prime, they love it for the shade it provides. But only when it reaches its time on the tree does its brilliance come through. Sometimes yellow, sometimes orange, sometimes deep red. Dazzling in its artistry, like a drop of sunset you can see at all hours of the day. A leaf has the most extraordinary death. There is so much beauty in it.”
“It is dangerous to play with people's feelings, because what may not hurt you, may hurt another. Always put yourself in someone's shoes before you act.”
“All women are strong women, powerful beyond comprehension, wise beyond time.”
“Truth is an uneasy companion.”
“In order to be yourself, you must first know who you are.”
“Choose your steps wisely because your footprints may be followed by others.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“A tutte quelle persone che desiderando cambiare rotta si sono sentite dire:<<È impossibile!>> Invece ce l'hanno fatta.”
“Unleashing the power of love, one story at a time.”
“Selalu bersyukur dalam segala hal. Bahkan, ketika menemukan hal kecil untuk aku syukuri.”
“Every noble human need has a divine provision. But life is only truly wonderful for all of us when each of us choose to be a channel of divine grace to others at their moments of need.”
“don’t ever give up. Even if it’s painful, even if it’s agonizing, don’t try to take the easy way out”
“All reflect on this mirror like world, all our thoughts; its deeds bright or dark, and in glad or gloom, we must pass the time! and the dreams in flow, like a shining river, with a rush to reach the surging seas.”
“A religion which cannot benefit a person before death cannot benefit him after death either”
“Life should never solely be measured by what we accomplish, but by how much love we show.”
“Our worlds are an A.I. rendering of our inputs. Be curious, travel, and elpore to create a better world.”
“Your eyes are not the only way to see the world.”
“I keep telling my students to never give up chasing your dreams. And I too will never give up chasing my dreams.”
“First we lose, then we win in life. The one who wins after losing is known as the Maverick!”
“I tried to create my own Force Field—something that would embody the beauty itself, a place that could give strength even in the toughest of times.”
“He who aspires shall achieve great deeds.”
“I have the ability to create the life I deserve.”
“The devil doesn't need an invitation to where there is spiritual stagnancy, He would assume he is welcome for obvious reasons. Stagnant water would attract unwanted pests.”
“Someone who knows his worth, keeps his word.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“We all face challenges and disappointments in life, but it’s how we use these experiences to our advantage that matters! Instead of letting them bring us down, let’s take a moment to reflect on what went wrong, learn from our mistakes, and build resilience to help us move forward.”
“Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“Not making a decision is making a decision.”
“You should always do what you can to make life sweeter.”
“It’s not what happens to you but how you respond to it that matters.”
“It is not the cards you are dealt in life that matters–it is how you play your hand.”
“Real self-care is stepping outside of caring about what others think is the real you. It’s ending the chase to be like so many others…and instead easing into all those things that you truly love and adore about you.”
“The Journey of A Thousand Miles begins with a Single Step”
“If we could look into each other’s hearts and understand the unique challenges each of us faces, I think we would treat each other much more gently, with more love, patience, tolerance, and care.”
“Life without love is like a symphony without harmony, a canvas without color, a garden without fragrance.”
“Make yourself the light in the darkness”
“Hay momentos que definen nuestras vidas y otros que las dividen. Acontecimientos que nos transforman en dos personas diferentes: las que éramos antes y aquella en la que nos convertimos después”
“When all you know is all about God, you won't have problem navigating life's challenges.”
“Tell all your troubles to God not man”
“Whenever I'm feeling down, I always think back on all my goals and get instantly motivated".”
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”
“Don't hastate yourself; you're the most variable person, because every big thing started from a small one.”
“In life everything is a continuous choice. We are the reason for it all. We are the gift, and the creation for through which all is gifted. We are limitless, and we are everything we could ever hope for in each moment.”
“But sometimes, in order to grow, we have to step outside of our comfort zone. Sometimes we can't wait for everything to be perfecrr or plan everything so far in advance. We have to take chances. Tomorrow isn't promised to any of us”
“[ ] la sesión de tatuajes es como la vida, duele y hace que cada cinco minutos uno se formule dos preguntas. La primera: ¿Cómo mierdas aguanté hasta aquí sin volverme loco? La segunda: ¿Por qué no me levando a patear a alguien?”
“[ ] la máquina de tatuar y la vida pinchan en cualquier parte y causan dolor, pero si, por el motivo que sea, hieren demasiado un punto clave, pueden sacar de sus cabales a cualquiera y hacerle desear la muerte.”
“What a man can be, he must be.”
“If you can’t crawl, roll. If you can't roll then get that tummy time in.  This is the story of the stages of development and how children need caring grown ups to nurture our babies so they grow into their fullest potential.”
“What we appreciate fills our heart with joy. And when what the heart most wants is delayed, experiencing joy hinges on appreciating that we sometimes have to patiently travel through darkness to reach light.”
“The truest form of beauty lies within us, emanating from the depths of our souls and shining through our eyes. It is not something that can be purchased or attained through physical means, but rather it is a reflection of how we feel on the inside. When we are happy, content, and at peace with ourselves, that inner beauty radiates outwards, illuminating our entire being. It is a beacon of light, drawing others in and making them feel the same sense of warmth and joy. It is in these moments that we truly radiate beauty, and we become a shining example for others to follow.”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority, it’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!”
“Real courage lies in being able to believe in yourself enough to try again tomorrow, even after a tough day.”
“Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.”
“People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!”
“Do not let your conscience prevent you from thinking clearly; let reason learn to stifle your conscience when it is necessary.”
“Many things are confusing for you now, but that is one reason why I was sent to you. Many things will change, including you. But don't despair because of what you do not know. You are not alone, and you are not forgotten. Answers will come in time.”
“It has always been my nature to take chances My right-hand drawing while my left-hand advances Bob Dylan”
“When did this journey begin  When did this fire begin in my heart?”
“Take calculated risks! Test the water with one toe at a time. Don’t throw yourself in the pool all at once. That’s the best way to learn and adjust your plan!”
“Do what makes you happy and challenges you.”
“Your time frame to succeed is different from others. Don't rush the process, trust God.”
“Worry is one of life’s oldest scammers to avoid. No matter how wonderful a victim’s life was, worry will rob them of their bliss, and leave them feeling alarmed about dire scenarios that may never happen.”
“Don't let problems suck your passion”
“Travma yaşayan insanlar, üzerinden yıllar geçse de başlarına gelenleri diğer insanlara anlatmakta zorluk çekerler. Bedenleri, korkuyu, öfkeyi ve çaresizliği yeniden yaşarken, savaşma ya da kaçma dürtüleri yeniden canlanır ancak bu duygularını dile getirmeleri neredeyse imkansızdır. Travma doğası gereği bizi kavrayışımızın sınırlarına çeker, ortak deneyimin ya da imgelenebilir bir geçmişin dilinden yoksun bırakır.”
“Hiçbir ilaç, kötü geçmiş bir çocukluğu düzeltmiyor.”
“Görülmemek, tanınmamak ve kendini güvende hissetmek için sığınacak bir yerinin olmaması, her yaşta yıkıcıdır ancak bu durum, özellikle, dünya içindeki yerlerini arayan küçük çocuklar için daha da yıkıcıdır.”
“Emulate good behavior that when you encounter people from your past, you won't have to hide yourself away.”
“When you are present in gratitude, you can't be anywhere else.”
“Forgiveness is divine, but never pay full price for late pizza.”
“Remember, you are in control of your own destiny and happiness, so don’t let anyone else dictate how you feel or cause you to lose your inner peace.”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.”
“It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“There is a fire against us. And in the end, the fire could burn us, or ignite us into an unstoppable force.”
“But that’s the beauty of dreams: they’re yours. No one else’s. You don’t need permission or justification to pursue them. You can give them relevance and importance and meaning all by yourself.”
“You cut me into pieces millions of times in millions of years, I will rebuild West Papua with these pieces a million times over again.”
“Some will find happiness from their parents, some from their lovers, some from their friends. No matter where you find happiness, don't take it for granted.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Of time, money, and knowledge, time is the most important. While you can re-earn the money you have lost and regain lost knowledge, time once gone cannot be got back!”
“The nuances of karma are hard to understand”
“When you live in a world obsessed with the speed, and consumed totally by an obsessive preoccupation with things and bloated greed. You live inside a very, very anxious ring. How can you not be upset?”
“Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path. The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it. Go ahead!”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“Success is no accident . It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all  love of what you are doing . Tribute to the legend Pele”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely. Think once!”
“Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you can Think once!”
“No matter how high your status in life is, you are inferior to death. For this be humble.”
“True leaders have an unwavering commitment to their mission, no matter how insurmountable the odds may seem. They are selfless and determined, and they understand that through perseverance, nothing is impossible.”
“Great leaders don't just establish a following; they create an army of leaders, who are empowered to think for themselves and become their own heroes!”
“Leadership isn't easy – it requires courage, kindness, humility, and boldness to be successful. But don't let the pitfalls of rudeness, weakness, laziness, and arrogance trip you up! If you want to be a leader worth following, strike the balance between courage and confidence…and take decisive actions along the way!”
“Leadership often requires learning, and learning requires leadership. It’s not a coincidence that these two concepts are intertwined – without one, you can’t have the other.”
“Don't let anyone tell you otherwise: your potential is LimitLESS! Stop doubting your potential. Work hard, take small steps and make your dreams a reality.”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential.”
“Life is full of unexpected turns and challenges, but don't let that stop you from becoming who you are truly meant to be. Push through any doubts or fears and unlock your hidden potential.”
“Fear can be a powerful emotion and it's easy to let it direct your decisions. But, no matter what you choose, remember that YOU are always in control of your destiny. Don't be afraid to be bold and brave - life is whatever you make it.”
“Passion is all about YOU, and what brings you energy and life. But finding YOUR true, unique purpose takes courage. It means daring to live your truth, and inspiring others to do the same. Find what sets your heart on fire and use it to spread your light into the world.”
“Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Before you move on life will make you answer two questions. Is it your sword over a life? Or your life over a sword.”
“Death is the universes way of setting us free.”
“After a storm ,there will be a rainbow.”
“Positive people like you all who spread positive energy achieve success in life.”
“La verdad que se nos niega duele hasta el último día”
“Nothing is ever complete. You just have to get it close enough that it makes you happy.”
“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us" -Gandalf the Grey”
“Let us all strive today in order to thrive tomorrow. For today's miles of efforts can be tomorrow's smiles of success.”
“Poetry is a particular, precious, pleasant and pregnant prism . Its three-dimensional shape has triplets of emotions, imaginations and imagery. If we cut through it, we would probably see ourselves and the same twins of therapy and esthetics on either side.”
“God will guide you through the pit of hell, and take you out as fine gold!”
“The average passenger eats enough calories to keep them weight gain a year old for a week, a week and a half.”
“Choose to know on how to accomplish what you want.”
“Rejections come the moment we decide to turn our "one day" into "day one," and that is totally okay.”
“We do not glorify anything else by deeming it worthy enough of our fear. The only One worthy of our fear is God.”
“Don't just make money, impact lives positively. Because when you die, somebody else who claim your property but your impact will remain for a very long time.”
“Don't just make money, impact lives positively. Because when you die, somebody else will claim your property but your impact will remain for a very long time.”
“Sometimes it’s not our initial mistake that holds us back, but our failure to recognise that it’s never too late to bounce back from it wiser.”
“Money gives you freedom. Freedom gives you happiness.”
“When God favours you, what was meant to break you will propel you towards a breakthrough.”
“If something is important, it deserves to be experienced deeply.”
“Believe in sudden shifts in life. You never know what is coming for you. -m.r-”
“Believe in sudden shifts in life. You never know what is coming for you.”
“Es mentira, lo repito, que las novelas sirvan sólo para pasar el rato, para matar el tiempo; al contrario: sirven, de entrada, para hacer vivir el tiempo, para volverlo más intenso y menos trivial, pero sobre todo sirven para cambiar la forma de percepción del mundo del lector; es decir: sirven para cambiar el mundo. La novela necesita ser nueva para decir cosas nuevas; necesita cambiar para cambiarnos: para hacernos como nunca hemos sido.”
“Doubt is fuel Fear is fuel Anxiety is fuel Pain is fuel Your full of energy Use it as prayer & action!”
“If we keep attributing our successes to luck and our failures to ourselves, how are we going to be able to chase our dreams?”
“So let me ask you, how much are you willing to lose before you act? Sadly, I am not proud to say I was willing to lose a lot.”
“Sadness and happiness are both temporary. They come and go. But joy, love, and inner peace are beyond emotions. And we have the power to choose between those.”
“Noah demonstrated his faith and trust by obeying God and constructing an ocean-going haven from the rains.”
“Faith is your positive response to the Word of the Lord to you per time. It could be your response to what is written in the Holy Scriptures, and it could be a direct response to the instruction you receive divinely from the Lord.”
“West Papua is an ancient and original particle, an atom of light and hope. It is a story about survival, resistance, betrayal, destruction, genocide, and survival against the odds. It is the last frontier where humanity’s greatness and wickedness are tested, where tragedy, aspiration, and hope are revealed. Papua is an innocent sacrificial lamb, a peace broker among the planet’s monsters, but no one knows her story – hidden deep beneath the earth – supporting sacred treaties between savages and warlords. West Papua is the home of the last original magic, the magic of nature. West Papua is the home of our original ancestors, the archaic Autochthons, the spiritual ancestors of our dream-time spiritual warriors- the pioneers of nature – the first voyageur across dangerous seas and land – the first agriculturalist – the most authentic, the original – we are the past and we are the future. West Papua is the original dream that has yet to be realised – a dream in the process of restoration to its original glory.”
“Your heart is the voice of Mother Nature. It’s the real mystic.”
“It was easier to ask for forgiveness than it was to get permission.”
“Dear Superwoman, No matter how much rejection you may have gone through. God still loves you. He still has a lot in store for you and will come through for you.”
“Dear Superwoman, Failure is part of the journey, but do not let it define you. Allow God’s Favour to dominate your life.”
“Dear Superwoman, You are not a failure. You just happened to fall. You can still rise like never before.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Be that woman who stands out. Even if it means spending sleepless nights, do it. As long as it is the right thing to do. Do not settle for being where you were in the past. So, you can waltz towards a better future.”
“Dear Superwoman, Be that woman who stands out. Even if it means spending sleepless nights, do it. As long as it is the right thing to do. Do not settle for being where you were in the past. So, you can waltz towards a better future.”
“Dear Superwoman, When some doors close, it is not time to lose hope. It is time to look beyond the horizon and think of better doors on the other side.”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not let down the warrior in you by giving up. A Superwoman does not give up. She only lets go of what does not treat her right.”
“Dear Superwoman, I do not know how you do it, but I salute you. You are smart. You are brave, and you will forever rise!”
“Dear Superwoman, It may take a while to get where you want to be, but you can get there. All you have to do is do what you can until you get there.”
“Dear Superwoman, One day the dust will settle. When it does, get up, and dust yourself off. Arise and shine.”
“Dear Superwoman, It may take a while, but if it is worth your while, you better wait for it.”
“Dear Superwoman, The days ahead of you should be far better than those behind. So do not look back and frown. Look ahead and smile.”
“Dear Superwoman, Working hard is not a waste of time. As long as you are doing what is right, one day, you will get a great reward.”
“Dear Superwoman, You are worth more. Just work on yourself until the world recognizes your work.”
“Dear Superwoman, You can achieve great things in life as long as you let no one or nothing stop you from walking on the right path.”
“Dear Superwoman, In case you aspire to succeed in life, your desires, your dreams, and your destiny must not come last in your mind. Know what needs to be a priority and make sure your priorities are not misplaced. That way, you can be assured you are on your way to success.”
“You want change? You have to BE the change. You have to widen the range. Your ideas have to be original and strange!”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. Keep the faith.”
“The thorns we endure in life are but shadowed by the precious petals of a rosey outlook.”
“Look at the lovely dandelions growing through a crack in the pavement. Maybe, you’re one of them. Maybe, we all are.”
“In some battles, you have to fight alone to win the war. No family, No friends, No partner. Just You and GOD. The Victory is Yours.”
“Trist lucru să nu te cunoști măcar pe tine într-o lume plină de măști.”
“Don't be discouraged if your effort does not yield desirable result. Good thing take time.”
“If you always get what you want, you won't appreciate the supremacy of God.”
“Sometimes small matters make some moments truly unforgettable. And it’s so easy to encounter someone for a few seconds yet become a hero or villain in their story for a lifetime, without you ever knowing it.”
“Be an inspiration to others even at your bad will because 60% of life achievement comes from the the pay-back of inspiring others.”
“Perspective is born in the rearview mirror of life.”
“It is very important on how you start. Like ,How you start your day. How you start your year. How you start your conversation, friendship or relationship. How you start your business, party, group . How you start your journey, because winning in life is mostly determine by how you start or when you start.”
“She does not encourage any nonsense. She is able to discern and distance herself from anything that does not make sense, because she is a smart woman.”
“A significant woman may have lost her significant other, but she remains significant no matter what.”
“The works of a significant woman remind the world about the significance of her existence.”
“She who empowers women to achieve great success from small beginnings. Her goal is to help other women, because she is an incredibly successful woman.”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not be ashamed of who you are. Never be tamed by your gender at all. Go out there and do what your Creator has called you to do.”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not let anyone mess with your mind. You are not bitter. You are not bad. You are sweet and you are smart. You just need to be around people who can help you grow.”
“Dear Superwoman, Take back your power. Let go of the resentment and frustration so that you can be set free.”
“Dear Superwoman, Even if you think you are the worst, there are those who still find you to be the best. Never allow any weakness to make you feel worthless. You are a valuable woman.”
“Dear Superwoman, Even if they count you out, count yourself blessed for being alive. There are countless things you can still achieve.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Time and again, some people will hope to see your life go down the drain. That is why, time and again, you have to remind yourself that your life can never be in vain.”
“Dear Superwoman, Time and again, some people will hope to see your life go down the drain. That is why, time and again, you have to remind yourself that your life can never be in vain.”
“Dear Superwoman, Just because the woman next door has a different accent from yours, it does not mean they have better acumen than you do. Be confident!”
“Dear Superwoman, Be confident and comfortable to hold another woman’s hand. Have the courage to wish her well, and it shall be well with you.”
“Dear Superwoman, Low self-esteem often brings some women down, to the extent that they want to drag others down to their level. Do not be that kind of woman. Wear your crown of confidence and applaud other women who are doing well. Pull up those who are down. Lift them and then you will shine.”
“Dear Superwoman, There is value in knowing yourself. When you know your own weaknesses and strengths, no one can lie to you about you as a person.”
“Dear Superwoman, A man should never be the source of your happiness because if he goes, your happiness will follow him.”
“Dear Superwoman, Be on guard all the time. Be careful of what you let into your mind and what you give from your heart. You have one heart, after all.”
“Dear Superwoman, Do not be afraid to start all over again. It is better to start from scratch than to stay where you are constantly hurt.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, If you are not a priority, You are just an option. Options are only selected for the selector’s convenience. Nothing more!”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Strong as you are, you can be brought to your knees by a man who knows how to lie. Guard your heart all the time. Check what you listen to and train your ears to spot a lie from afar.”
“Dear Superwoman, Strong as you are, you can be brought to your knees by a man who knows how to lie. Guard your heart all the time. Check what you listen to and train your ears to spot a lie from afar.”
“Dear Superwoman, Take back your power. You are not pointless. You are not helpless. You are not clueless and you are not careless. You just gave your heart to someone who did not realize your worth.”
“Dear Superwoman, Take back your power. You are not pointless. You are not helpless. You are not clueless and you are not careless. You just gave your heart to someone who did not realize your worth. Go back and fetch every single thread of your life! Do not settle for less while God has destined you for greatness.”
“Dear Superwoman, Learn to recognize a sinking ship and get off before it sinks with you.”
“Dear Superwoman, Your mental health should never be secondary. Nothing is worth keeping, if it primarily steals your sanity and inner peace.”
“Dear Superwoman, If you want to feel bad, keep looking back, but if you want to feel good, look at the better opportunities that lie ahead.”
“•	Dear Superwoman, Let no one demean your intelligence. Let no one dribble you from your happiness. Let no one derail you from success. Be a smart, courageous and determined woman.”
“Dear Superwoman, When they turn their backs on you, turn to God. He will never turn His back on you.”
“Dear Superwoman, It is hard to understand certain things all the time. Not every question will have an answer. So, leave what you cannot answer to the One Above. One day, He will give you the right answer.”
“Dear Superwoman, The best way to make it in life is by holding on to the Way Maker, relying on Him every day and pursuing His ways without fail. In him are vital instruments that help people become great.”
“A dynamic woman is like a diamond. She sparkles and adds value.”
“A dynamic woman is like dynamite—very rare but powerful.”
“A dynamic woman knows how to multitask and still complete her tasks on time. In whatever she does, she shines.”
“An elegant woman does not settle for mediocrity, because she is excellence-oriented.”
“She is not sophisticated. She just needs those who can understand her. An elegant woman is uniquely beautiful and very powerful. She is content with who she is yet so down to Earth.”
“Everything is meant to be gained and lost. Money, jobs, position, titles, friends, relationships, food, and happiness.The trick is to make sure whatever you gained. You hold on to it the longest. You make the best of it. You enjoy it. You preserve it. You appreciate it. You value it. You don’t give it away or lose it before time. That includes life itself.”
“A confident woman confronts what is troubling her. She does not just sit and complain about challenges. She carries the grace to make a change.”
“A confident woman does all she does without undermining herself, because she knows she is powerful.”
“A confident woman does not brag about how she brought another woman down. She operates at a level higher than that.”
“A confident woman is never afraid to empower other women. She celebrates the success of others as if it were her own. She is never threatened when other women succeed, because she believes in collective success.”
“A confident woman is not intimidated by the presence of other confident people around her. She knows her essence and she is secure by nature.”
“A confident woman knows how to celebrate other women without feeling intimidated.”
“Confidence takes precedence in her life, even when she is overwhelmed. She continues to live her life with so much resilience. She is a woman of confidence.”
“A caring woman is a loving person, because she knows that love has the power to heal the world.”
“A caring woman loves to be taken care of, even though she is the one who often takes care of others.”
“A caring woman stands with those who need her most, even when things are not going well.”
“Her desire is to help others, because she truly cares. She makes things better, because she is a caring woman.”
“A loving woman lights up the world with love. She has a pure heart and a smart mind.”
“She gives her heart out of love. She trusts and expects to be loved. When she loves, she loves for real, because she is a loving woman.”
“A leading woman does not follow those who go against her mandate, because she is focused on achieving the right outcomes.”
“A woman can also be counted among great leaders, because great leadership does not depend on one’s gender.”
“A prayerful woman knows where her victory comes from. That is why she stays on her knees no matter the season.”
“A victorious woman does not fear the battlefield. She only fears for those who take her to the battlefield, because she is assured of victory.”
“A heroic woman cannot walk away without checking how she can be of help to someone, because she yearns to help those in need.”
“A heroic woman does not help in the pursuit of publicity. She lends a hand because she understands her role in society.”
“A heroic woman is never intimidated by the hardships of that time. She is motivated by what stands to be gained in the end.”
“A smart woman encourages other women, because she knows she cannot be destroying others and winning on the other side.”
“A smart woman knows when to bow down and when to bow out.”
“A smart woman makes the right sacrifices for the right people. She knows her rights and she does not cease to do what is right.”
“A smart woman thinks things through before she makes decisions. She is never controlled by emotions.”
“Some people work so hard and there is still nothing to show for it, it's not because they are lazy. So no matter where you meet yourself in life always be thankful to God.”
“We will all pass through a sorrowful stage in life, when it's your turn don't let the storm sweep you away.”
“people will say you’re missing out you’re too far out you should doubt never stopping to question their foolish views why they’re confused why they feel so lonely and abused”
“I know that others had a similar road but that doesn’t make it any less easy I had no idea it was this hard to play the role of a unique card”
“a subtle kind of murder happens when parents don’t allow their children to be the people they’re meant to be love means letting your child just live free”
“incognito mode special path secret code basic math when our fathers force us to live by their rules we realize that our destiny is not clear to fools even though you are alone and the hate seems endless just trust that your power will make the cowards cower”
“Where’s my dressing room? Well, my darling, it is found within every heart that’s trying to bloom.”
“No matter what happens between us I want you to feel love. No matter what happens between us I want you to rise above.”
“He is my knight. Trying his best to protect my soul, even though being with me has more than its share of both beauty and sadness. I’m not an easy person to understand. My eternity, and the future that I want us both to have, is surrounded by flowers and the sun. The infinity of forever can be summed up within the magic of a kiss for that is love’s goal.”
“If you believe in destiny and its special magic, do not ever feel that the pain you carry is going to become real.”
“What you do in life is a powerful reflection of what you believe about yourself. You are beautiful, so use the brains in your head. They will guide you to ignore stupid and vain things that are said.”
“Conformity teaches us the value of our precious worth.”
“I could care less about clothes, money, or fame. I want to live by the sea. That’s the place where I can truly be me. I must have been a mermaid in a past life. Because the sea is the place where all my painful memories fade.”
“Revenge can feel so good in the moment, but the price is often long-term pain. To be wise is to always be alert to the perils of chasing instant blissful feelings that come from getting even with someone.”
“Pausing, observing, becoming curious about your emotional state, and then choosing to respond rather than react are key to living a more empowered life.”
“When you have a positive mindset, it shows in your body language, and through proper coordination of your mind and body, you can easily steer yourself out of any crisis.”
“The painful memory is to live in your past”
“This life is futile, what really counts is to love you show to others and the happiness you share together.”
“The love you show to others have a way of coming back to you.”
“Einstein said that insantiy is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.”
“A purpose-driven woman does not stand in the way of others, because she is always on the move.”
“A purpose-driven woman is a vessel entrusted by Heaven to usher others to their purpose.”
“A purpose-driven woman knows how to distinguish her assignment from that which is not hers.”
“A purpose-driven woman thrives on supporting others and not on sabotaging them. She is a bigger person who makes a big difference in the world.”
“A purpose-driven woman will stop at nothing to pursue what is rightfully hers—her purpose on Earth!”
“A remarkable woman always makes her mark because for her, life must be lived remarkable manner.”
“A remarkable woman may not have earned the best marks at school, but in life she makes her mark.”
“A resourceful woman is not a liability at all. In life, she contributes blessings, not burdens.”
“Her gifts usher her to places she has never been. The work of her own hands opened doors she had never seen. She is a gifted woman.”
“A dynamic woman gets a lot done with a little less time.”
“Sometimes we tolerate unacceptable behavior from others because we don't know we deserve better.”
“If you can't understand what your intuition is conveying to you, the key is to pay attention and listen to your body. It tells you everything that you need to know.”
“If you do not believe you are disciplined, it is because you have not decided to become disciplined. Yet.”
“De um amor sincero, sólido, sadio, pode ser. Tudo serve de alimento ao que já tem força. mas, quando se trata de uma ligeira e fraca inclinação, estou convencida de que um bom soneto é suficiente para fazê-la morrer de inanição.”
“Things are beginning to happen, but slowly. Change, real change always takes a very long time. It sounds unfair but it isn’t. It is a universal law.”
“Truly, it is in the darkness that one finds a light”
“Love isn’t just for the popular kids. It’s what will keep lifting you up even in your darkest times. It’s your food and water when you have none.”
“We cannot go far in life if we only take the path that everyone is taking.”
“Inside and out, we are heard.”
“Our ego should be polite with our stream of ideas to get the twinkles of humility”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will inspire others.”
“There are TWO ways to have the largest skyscraper. One is to work hard to build the best skyscraper, inspiring others to do the same, making yourself and the world better. Other people work hard to demolish everyone else's skyscrapers and discourage others, so their shack is the largest skyscraper. Be the first type of person.”
“I Sh*t, therefore I am”
“I used to tell my kids, there are TWO ways to make the best sandcastle. Work hard to make the best sandcastle you can, motivating other kids to do the same and then improving your sandcastle as needed. Other is simpler; just go knock down everyone else's sandcastle so your little pile of sand is the best.”
“Sharing our testimony helps us heal, but our story can be the motivation for healing in others' lives. You will be surprised when you hear another person tell a similar story of the very same battles you fought, and it helps you know you're not alone. It gives you hope that you, too, can heal and be courageous in your walk of faith. You are not alone, and there are others here with you.”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will symbolize victory and triumph that will inspire others on their journey.”
“Neraca keadilan itu milik semua orang, termasuk mereka yang dikucilkan, diabaikan, dan dianggap tidak berarti di dunia ini.”
“It's not what you are in life, but what you make of it”
“Your Past battles are part of your story; it is a powerful testimony that will portray victory and triumph that will inspire others on their journey.”
“You should expect mistakes in your life. Mistakes are expected, Inspected, and respected.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“( ) sometimes, the greatest luxury to possess is no choice.”
“Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year”
“Upendo bila haki Ugeuka kuwa machafuko na uasi wa sheria, na haki bila Upendo itakuwa uonevu na utumikishaji.”
“Know who is your competitor and who is your mentor. Most people fail because they get confused about who is who and they end up getting nowhere.”
“You are a masterpiece unfolding for the world to see!”
“When all hope is lost and no one is around to hold your hands, remember that God is there to walk you through the storms of life.”
“If you derive joy in destroying others, you won't go far in life.”
“TURN YOUR FEARS TO PRAYER.”
“Only those people create history, who doesn't live in the future.”
“Watu Wengi Hawaamini kile Wanachopaswa kuamini bali kile Wanachotaka Kuamini.”
“Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.”
“Love your neighbor as yourself not because you benefit from them but because you care enough for others as you care for yourself.”
“Don't be upset if God doesn't answer your urgent prayers, He may be protecting you from unforseen circumstances.”
“If you want to triumph in life, you must persevere.”
“There are some people in the world who think you should enable them and tolerate their ignorant behavior and put up with their bullshit. I'm not one of those people. If I pissed you off. Then piss off!”
“To be alive is a divine gift. And the more you gratefully unwrap your unique package and intentionally express the best of who you are, the less energy you have to waste on trying to impress or outdo others.”
“There is no harm in taking a step forward if you are not standing on the mountain's brink.”
“In the desire to control others, we lose control over ourselves.”
“There is a big difference between Being Successful or Being Significant - Choose your way wisely.”
“After all, we are the masters of our own happiness. For happiness ceases to exist when we rely on someone else for it.”
“It is quite simple to live a life of progress, have a vision and be committed to the process required for success.”
“Learn to recognize your value and never undervalue yourself, because the sum total of precious stones in this world cannot compare to your value as a person.”
“Dear Daughter, Make it your mission to discover the ultimate reason you were brought into this world. That is a legitimate way to come out of your shell and excel.”
“i" should always be small.”
“Find your happy medium.”
“Even if people can call you a failure in life. At least have something that you can point out that you are proud of. Something that you did for yourself or for others.”
“Bread ”
“Joy to the world, the teacher’s dead We barbecued the head What happened to the body? We flushed it down the potty And round and round it goes Until it overflows And round and round and round it goes”
“Silence is the best reply to a fool.”
“It takes time to build a career and become industry savvy", Sim Ngezahayo”
“There's no traffic in your lane.”
“As a dancer, I fully expose my soul to the Universe with the movement of my body through space. I release the tensions of the day. I live life in the moment. I'm fully present in the now. My spirit takes a forward step.”
“How do you mourn someone who turned out to be a total stranger?”
“All setbacks hurt, but not all setbacks need to haunt. And so often when we refuse to let setbacks stop us from pursuing a dream, the more unforgettable the heartaches along the way, the deeper the thrill of victory.”
“I'm like a butterfly that you held on to too tight Who's wings you snapped before they could take flight Who's spirit you crushed because you loved to harshly And I blamed you so much for my sadness oddly When you were just afraid  too afraid to lose me”
“I'm like a butterfly that you held on to too tight Who's wings you snapped before they could take flight Who's spirit you crushed because you loved too harshly And I blamed you so much for my sadness oddly When you were just afraid  too afraid to lose me”
“In order to make a precise decision, keep a steady spiritual connection.”
“Your ultimate competition is you and within; compete against yourself and you will always win.”
“Do not sit back and relax, take the driving seat, put your safety seat belt and dare to take the risk because either it is today or never!!!”
“I believe that self-defense is essential in protecting one’s well-being and dignity.”
“When it resonates, and you feel it, then it was meant for you.”
“You can be anything you want in the world; just don't become a prisoner of hatred.”
“Your life will be more splendid than those who choose to become a prisoner of hatred. We must remove the hate in our hearts so there can only be love and compassion. Decide today that, no matter what, you will choose to live a life of love.”
“Be compassionate! Animals are not commodities! They are companions sharing Planet Earth with us!”
“For life goes not backward, nor tarries with yesterday”
“There’s nothing more tedious than pretending happiness when your world is upside down. Don’t pretend. It’s ok not to smile when anxiety is controlling your life. But don’t let the misery envelop you. Take a deep breath and try to fix your world though it may take some time. Remember, there is a way out of despair. You are that way.”
“It is very tough to climb a mountain. However, it is not as tough as convincing yourself that you can climb it.”
“Underneath all the skin, we're all the same. If you're an underdog, mentally disabled, physically disabled, if you don't fit in, if you're not as pretty as the others, you can still be a hero.”
“Do not try to fathom things that are beyond your reach. This is the work of… evil, nothing more. Hold on to what you do have, who you still have in your life now. Keep in your heart the promises made by God… one day, you will see the lesson, the reason… the good that came from the evil. Ym-yah’h.”
“What is love but listening to and wanting to be a part of another person's evolving story? It's true of all relationships romantic and platonic.”
“Weißt du, nicht jeder wird dein Talent sehen können, aber das heißt nicht, dass du keines besitzt.”
“Don't be pressured by the society, because no matter what you do, you won't be perfect. Why not just be yourself.”
“Surrender all your problems to God, He is the only one that can make you truly happy without wanting anything in return.”
“The pain you feel Today will build you into a better person Tomorrow. Don't breakdown when you face any challenge in life, it will pass.”
“Trust your path and trust in yourself to know and believe in the best and always do what is right. Lean into being kind, compassionate, and forgiving. So many times we can get stuck, but there will always be people, opportunities, and circumstances that will push us forward.”
“You are a unique expression of the universe. It likes to express itself exactly as you are now! There is no good, bad or ugly! Precisely the way you are is what is required by the universe!”
“There are times in life when you would realize that no matter what problem is there, there will always be a solution to that. Just be patient, be open, have faith, and be positive.”
“Prayer is a tranquilliser in the times of pain.”
“Savor everything. Cling to nothing. Live now because living then won't be any better.”
“You will never break free from your constraints unless you're willing to risk failure to test the strength of your perceived bonds.”
“You don't chase darkness out of the room with a knife or a broom; instead, you turn on the light.”
“We're going to aspire to break through and create our own reality.”
“Love has neither aversion to pain nor attraction to bliss. Love is just fully itself in both.”
“Never let doubt guide your life's compass, as shadows fade once hope is found.”
“To free yourself from perceived bonds, you must test the strengths of those restraints and risk failure.”
“Doing the right things is a calling from your highest self. Do it as you are.”
“If you do the same as me or my generation, you will get the same results. B E B O L D. Go against the grain.”
“Compassion is a virtue gifted to us. Do Not let the world kill it. This highest quality of being morally right or justifiable is showered upon us with an intention to live and let live. To be kind to yourself and ALL other lives.”
“I think we'll get hurt a lot in this life, but maybe it's worth it because sometimes we will experience really amazing things, too. Maybe not everything will end in hurt. But we'll never know if we don't try.”
“No one loves anything they're miserably chained to.”
“The arts aren't a leisure industry - the arts have always been an imaginative and emotional wrestle with reality -a series of inventions and creations. A capacity to think differently, a willingness to change our understanding of ourselves. To help us be wiser, more reflective, less frightened people.”
“Stay calm in times of trouble and all the turbulence around you will obey you.”
“I wouldn’t trade what I have accomplished alone for whatever I would have done if I had conformed to their standards. Without them, I became passionate. Strong. Determined. Without them, I became successful. I became who I wanted to be. They missed out, not me. So why would I miss them, what could they possibly bring in my life that I didn’t achieve for myself?”
“If you can't feel gratitude when you are in need, the feeling of the need would never leave you even if it is fulfilled.”
“No matter how painful it may be, learn to move on.”
“Everyone has a unique calling to honour. And the more we step out in faith to make the most of our unique gifts, the easier the divine assignment becomes.”
“I am thankful to all those who said no. It's because of them I did it myself.”
“Every great goal, every feat comes from the very first power of self belief. A man who doubts himself and his potentials can not expect others to believe him.”
“If you keep on making excuses to me. What you are doing is teaching me to always make excuses to you.”
“leave everything that didn't go well today behind, and try again tomorrow!”
“Generosity can measure the depth of a true love.”
“Whoever is FOR you will always be WITH you; however, not Everyone who is WITH you is FOR you.”
“For an artist, it is always important to see the beauty in what can be beautiful. In what has the potential to be great. That is how art is born.”
“Failure is not when you fail ones but when you refuse to learn from your mistakes.”
“Sometimes you wonder why life is been so hard on you. You're not in the wrong place, it's just that life takes turn. When it's your turn, everything will be like a miracle.”
“Don't feel sad when your mate are running at a fast pace than you. There must be a reason why your pace is delayed. A reason bigger than you could ever imagined.”
“And this tree, now I am looking at is equally stubborn as me. Freezing rain, and howling wind. No, they can’t shake our spirit. Our future stretches before us and we’re travelling together into it in our own velocity.”
“And this tree, now I am looking at is equally stubborn as me. Freezing rain, and howling wind. No, they can’t shake our spirit. Our future stretches before us and we’re travelling together into it at our velocity.”
“If tears can relieve your pains, then cry. If yelling loudly can relieve your pains, then yell. Don't bottle up your emotions, let it out and free your mind.”
“Failure is not when you fail once, but when you refuse to learn from your mistake.”
“Promises, words backed by no actions are lies.”
“The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.”
“When God reveals His will in the silence of your heart, but it all seems impossible to you; He will hold your heart hostage until you elevate your vision, thoughts, and actions.”
“Sometimes a woman is just worn out and needs a break, you know? That doesn’t prove that you're weak or neglectful, it proves to all the women standing by and watching you pave the road to success that it's okay to say no. It's okay to shut your door every now and then and put up a sign that says "Busy taking care of me today. Piss off.”
“Tough Times Never Last, But Tough People Do!”
“There is only one power greater than fear, and that's faith. Use your faith to move the mountains that are standing in your way today!”
“ictims of human rights abuses should not suffer in silence. Their voices deserve to be heard, recognized, accepted, and celebrated. They have the right to stand up for themselves and ensure that they have a better quality of life than what they have experienced. People who degrade those who have been oppressed are ignorant and foolish. They fail to consider that evil that is dismissed is given the opportunity to develop into a very serious problem that can affect the lives of many people, including their own life.”
“Victims of human rights abuses should not suffer in silence. Their voices deserve to be heard, recognized, accepted, and celebrated. They have the right to stand up for themselves and ensure that they have a better quality of life than what they have experienced. People who degrade those who have been oppressed are ignorant and foolish. They fail to consider that evil that is dismissed is given the opportunity to develop into a very serious problem that can affect the lives of many people, including their own life.”
