“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
“Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams: Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. Focus on your character, not your reputation. Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“Never underestimate the big importance of small things”
“You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.”
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“You don’t have to understand life. You just have to live it.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“The splendid thing about falling apart silently  is that you can start over as many times as you like.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“Life is spectacular. Forget the dark things. Take a drink and let time wash them away to where ever time washes away to.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained.”
“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“You see, doing one thing differently is very often the same as doing everything differently.”
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“The world's a hard place, Danny. It don't care. It don't hate you and me, but it don't love us, either. Terrible things happen in the world, and they're things no one can explain. Good people die in bad, painful ways and leave the folks that love them all alone. Sometimes it seems like it's only the bad people who stay healthy and prosper. The world don't love you, but your momma does and so do I.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.”
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”
“Faith is why I'm here today and faith is why I made it through.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“People aren't born sad; we make them that way.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance.”
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”
“It's the journey that matters, soak it in. Learn lessons out of it. Impact positively so that if you never get to your destination, at least you'd leave a legacy to be remembered.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”
“I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Fall in love with the energy of the mornings trace your fingers along the lull of the afternoons take the spirit of the evenings in your arms kiss it deeply and then make love to the tranquility of the nights.”
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed. Light flooded in. And with it, hope.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“I have never seen battles quite as terrifyingly beautiful as the ones I fight when my mind splinters and races, to swallow me into my own madness, again.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“Too many locks, not enough keys.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“some winters will never melt some summers will never freeze and some things will only   live in poems.”
“The salvation of man is through love and in love”
“Light is easy to love. Show me your darkness.”
“It hurts to let go, to say goodbye for the final time and remain distant in your closure, it may even tear your heart out to the point of insanity; but somehow in it all you find the pieces of your worth and you start creating yourself again, and in that journey of transformation you find the essence of what truly matters, inner happiness. It's life, we all fall at some stage but it's up to you, to decide how long you want to stay there.”
“Life will just not wait for us to live it: We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live”
“One clear moment, one of trance One missed step, one perfect dance One missed shot, one and only chance Life is all but one fleeting glance.”
“We were characters out of a movie. We were thoroughly alive. And we were absolutely beautiful.”
“Tidak ada niat baik yang boleh dicapai dengan cara buruk, dan sebaliknya tidak ada niat buruk yang berubah baik meski dilakukan dengan cara-cara baik.”
“There wasn't a lot of bullshit in my heaven.”
“She was a gypsy, as soon as you unravelled the many layers to her wild spirit she was on her next quest to discover her magic. She was relentless like that, the woman didn't need no body but an open road, a pen and a couple of sunsets.”
“Be the art that life is breathing. Be the soul the world is living.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“I am an artist, my hair is rarely tamed & sometimes I sleep till noon, My house is messy and I speak to the moon. I care less about the materials that I share with my world and more about the passion inside myself. Im an artist, what more can you expect? i am full of soul, love and all the rest.”
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.”
“Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.”
“Can I tell you one thing?” Melonhead says. I swallow. “Sure.” “One day isn’t your whole life, Murph.” He waits until I look at him. “A day is just a day.” I scoff and slouch in the chair. “So what are you saying? That people shouldn’t judge me on one mistake? Tell that to Judge Ororos.” He leans in against the table. “No, kid. I’m saying you shouldn’t judge yourself for it.”
“A star does not compete with other stars around it; it just shines.”
“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
“Roses do not bloom hurriedly; for beauty, like any masterpiece, takes time to blossom.”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“Maybe life is all about twirling under one of those midnight skies, cutting a swathe through the breeze and gently closing your eyes.”
“Art enables us to find ourselves and loose ourselves at the same time.”
“From the most insignificant of actions can come the most serious of consequences.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“As you remove toxic people from your life, you free up space and emotional energy for positive, healthy relationships.”
“If you know who you are, no one can convince you to be who you are not.”
“You start to live when you commit your life to cause higher than yourself. You must learn to depend on divine power for the fulfillment of a higher calling.”
“If you invest nothing, the reward is worth little.”
“No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!”
“There are questions that you don't ask because you're afraid of the answers to them.”
“Speak with caution. Even if someone forgives harsh words you've spoken, they may be too hurt to ever forget them. Don't leave a legacy of pain and regret of things you never should have said.”
“May you find what you are looking for and realize it is not the answer.”
“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“What did a happy ending even mean in real life, anyway? In stories you simply said, 'They lived happily ever after,' and that was it. But in real life people had to keep on living, day after day, year after year.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“If roses tried to be sunflowers, they would lose their beauty; and if sunflowers tried to be roses, they would lose their strength.”
“Denial. It’s the only thing that keeps most of us from losing our sanity.”
“Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.”
“I wish to spend a lifetime near a lighthouse where loneliness will be the glimmer of luminous prancing upon ocean waves… rising and falling only for my breathing.”
“Life is not measured by time. It is measured by moments.”
“Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.”
“Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.”
“I ain't a lover, but I want to love all your crazy imperfections, I ain't a diver, but I want to dive into your deep warm emotions, I ain't a reader, but I want to read messages send by your eyes, I ain't a skylark, but I want to sing for your mesmerizing smile, I ain't a gardener, but I want to plant seeds of ecstasy in your heart, I ain't a writer, but I want to write about how special you're.”
“The key to a wonderful life is to never stop wandering into wonder.”
“Your mind shines brightest when you enlighten others; your heart, when you encourage others; your soul, when you elevate others; and your life, when you empower others.”
“What if her heart had hardened so much that she closed herself off in order to survive?”
“Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!”
“Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.”
“If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue.”
“Kalau saja hidup tidak berevolusi, kalau saja sebuah momen dapat selamanya menjadi fosil tanpa terganggu, kalau saja kekuatan kosmik mampu stagnan di satu titik, maka tanpa ragu kamu akan memilih satu detik bersamanya untuk diabadikan. Cukup satu.”
“There would be no cloud-nine days without rock-bottom moments left below.”
“As our body journeys through life, and life journeys on our body….life will leave marks on us too. From the creases of our wrinkles to the birthmarks on our bodies to the tattoos we decide to place.”
“The magic of each day lives in the unknown. It's waking up as one person, and accepting that when night falls, we may be someone else entirely. So, when you ask what my story is, forgive me----I'm not quite sure yet.”
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.”
“Life has a meaning but do not set out to find out. Just live it out.”
“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“When your heart is broken you plant seeds in the cracks and you pray for rain. And you teach your sons and daughters there are sharks in the water but the only way to survive is to breathe deep and dive.”
“i was lieing to myself when I thought I was lost, I have never been lost - I just wasn't ready to be found.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“Uncomplicate it. Don’t make excuses. Some of life’s biggest heartaches come from missed opportunities and lame excuses. Don’t miss out on what could be the best chapter in your life because you’re too busy rereading the last one.”
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.”
“Suddenly, books are arriving every day! "So many books, so little time.”
“I am filled time and again with a heart-aching wonder when I think of the fire and frost of memories of the everlastingness of love the solace of family and the power of prayer.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“If you kick a lion when it is down, God help you when it gets up.”
“THE GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in new things; A GOOD LIFE requires that we take pleasure in moments. To enjoy THE GOOD LIFE we have to get ahead; to enjoy A GOOD LIFE we have to make the trip worthwhile. THE GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our pocketbooks; A GOOD LIFE is supported by feeding our souls.”
“This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too  This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Sometimes in life, a sudden situation, a moment in time, alters your whole life, forever changes the road ahead.”
“You are no richer than what you carry in your mind, no stronger than what you hold in your heart, and no purer than what you harbor in your soul.”
“It's not my words that you should fear, but my silence. My words speak straight to the core but my absence will leave you speechless.”
“But that’s the thing about narcissists. They can try to fool you, with all their heart, but in the end, they’re just fooling themselves.”
“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“My son, I will love you unconditionally no matter what you do. I pray you choose wisely, and that you are always safe. But what I want most, is that whatever you decide and become, that you are a good example to others. That is what would comfort me. This, I believe, is your responsibility in life. I want you to own that responsibility and I want you to live that responsibility.”
“Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.”
“Manga endings might always be the same. However when it comes to real life, neither you nor I are readers. We are the writers. We can change the ending.”
“Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.”
“An ordinary teacher instructs and leaves his disciple, but a great teacher strives to make his disciple see reason by pushing him to his limits”
“there are years in me that have not slept”
“Failure is a part of life. Success teaches you nothing, but failure teaches you resilience. It teaches you to pick yourself up and try again.”
“Hidup adalah sebuah hak yang istimewa. Karenanya, kita perlu melakukan kewajiban kita untuk menjalaninya sebaik mungkin.”
“Jealousy says, “Compete with each other.” Envy says, “Destroy each other.” Empathy says, “Help each other.” Love says, “Empower each other.”
“Solitude is where I place my chaos to rest and awaken my inner peace.”
“A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“A flower does not use words to announce its arrival to the world; it just blooms.”
“Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.”
“Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“It is one thing to lose people you love. It is another to lose yourself. That is a greater loss.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!”
“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“I'm proud to be a work in progress.”
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
“Give your all to every experience, feel it breathe it appreciate it, nothing lasts forever, when it's gone you'll remember the feeling it once gave you and sometimes that's enough.”
“If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.”
“Live to revel in just another twilight. Life may sink and disappear along with the sunset never to rise again”
“Hang on! God will be thy strength in any act of your pursuit.”
“My mother’s dress bears the stains of her life: blueberries, blood, bleach, and breast milk; She cradles in her arms a lifetime of love and sorrow; Its brilliance nearly blinds me.”
“Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something.”
“Teach me to sing and recite, To whistle and jingle and strum. Teach me to color and paint, To sculpt and weave and create. Teach me to sway and dance, To tap and leap and twirl. Teach me to laugh and giggle, To tickle and play and pretend. Teach me that life is beautiful.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“There are so many bad people in the world. They'll treat you badly, they'll haggle and undermine your worth. They'll calculate what they can get without thinking about what to give. That's the world. Very seldom, you'll find someone who will not undermine and haggle your worth, who will take risks for you, who will think about what they can give to you and how they can make you happy. So you see, the rule goes like this— when you find such a person, you don't let go of them. You stay with them and they stay with you.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”
“Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta”
“The louder the dogs bark the less a lion feels threatened.”
“What you do doesn't frighten your enemies as much as what you are.”
“You plan every step of your life, but sometimes you have to let life happen. Change is always unsettling, sometimes scary, but you have to let go. Take a risk. Risk can be fun.”
“I am sinner, I am saint. I am the beloved and the betrayed. I have no joys that are not yours, no aches which are not yours. I too call myself I.”
“An awful realization that I have been fooling myself all my life thinking there was a next thing to do to keep the show going and actually I'm just a sick clown and so is everybody else ”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“I love death because life hates me.”
“Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“As you go on with your life, always remember the things that are good in you. They're your gifts. As long as you have these things, you'll find happiness, and you'll make the people around you happy.”
“Maybe Shakespeare was right. Maybe all the world was a stage. Maybe without the act everything would fall apart. The key to happiness wasn't being yourself, because what did that even mean? Everyone had many selves. No. The key to happiness is finding the lie that suits you best.”
“Only God can take our failures and turn them into victories.”
“Busy hands achieve more than idle tongues.”
“Cowards shrink from challenges, weaklings flee from them, but warriors wink at them.”
“Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Stars do not pull each other down to be more visible; they shine brighter.”
“When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.”
“Jawaban teragung pada caci maki dan kebusukan: “Bahkan walau ingin membalas, aku tak kuasa. Sebab aku tak punya kata-kata keji dan nista.”
“Sometimes my own darkness scares me.”
“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“If roses were not special weeds would not envy them.”
“The world seems to want us to be sad and angry because bad things frequently happen. But I say we should feel the opposite. We should be happy and cheerful because good things happen. We should be delighted to see the sun rise and stars glow and rainbows color stormy skies. We should savor every simple breath and eat each meal with gratitude. We should slumber in sweet dreams and relish moments of laughter and love. We should take more notice of the joys and kindnesses that do exist, still dictating the actions of millions of good people all over the world. Life is filled with pleasant moments, not just grief. We should be happy because this is true.”
“Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”
“Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.”
“The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.”
“There is nothing more graceful and powerful than the ability to respond to life (in all situations) with love and acceptance.”
“It is easier to pluck a flower than to nurture it; which is why some would prefer to destroy your talents than nurture them.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“As a child, you were a cub; as a youth, you were a fox; as an adult, you were a lion; but as an elder, you became an owl.”
“Whether you are unhappy, purposeless, or just unsatisfied with where you are in the moment, you have hope as happiness is a learned emotion.”
“Life is the night sky All the dots of stars are happiness”
“In this lifetime we meet and part like passing clouds”
“Do not let the world tell you not to bloom Just because they aren't ready for you Just because few days after they bloomed They died on a barren land, in the rain You may face the same fate But deep down you would know It's better to die blooming Than choosing to never grow ”
“I call the polar opposites to Wrong Planet people Rag, Tag & Bobtail because they’re really nothing but glove puppets. Their heads are little more than hollow wood and at times they seem to be controlled by strings and rods and levers with invisible hands inside them making them ‘perform.’ Most glove puppets have fixed facial expressions and a hinged mouth, giving them a dull, lifeless expression.”
“It is in vain to try and stop a star from rising, even with a ladder.”
“Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.”
“The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday”
“You are here, alive and awake and for whatever reasons you have fought your battles, it's time to start focusing on what strengths pulled you up when the entire world had knocked you down. That's where the virtue in self grows.”
“Sometimes it takes a meltdown to cool down.”
“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
“When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.”
“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“Be noble like the sun; let even those who resent you for shinning benefit from your warmth.”
“Life is a bitch; you get used though, or you kill yourself. Either way, you're winning.”
“The road to success is paved with doubters and haters.”
“When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, “My life has just begun.”
“Enemies stab you in the back, true friends jab you in the front.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“If you are good, people will criticize you. If you are bad, people will criticize you. If you are both good and bad, people will still criticize you. Therefore, don’t waste your life trying to please anyone.”
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.”
“The larger the bricks your enemies throw at you the larger the palace you are going to build.”
“The early bird gets the worm, and the early fox gets the bird.”
“A rose, no matter how beautiful, still has to contend with thorns.”
“We do not rise by making other people fall.”
“They think I am concealing my ugliness from them, when in truth it is their ugliness I am hiding.”
“Don’t let mediocre people talk you out of your dreams; lions have little in common with sheep.”
“When reaching for the stars, beware of those who want to cut off your hands.”
“The most irrelevant thing in your life is the opinion of your haters.”
“It would destroy the very meaning of a family unit if everyone with their separate ways over fleeting feelings of anger or impatience.”
“An archer must never blame a target for missing it.”
“The fires of refinement will shine the light of Christ into the dark places of our hearts, burn off the chaff, and restore us to a state of greater purity.”
“Život je kaleidoskop, čak i kad je pred očima mrak. Dovoljno je da ga dodirneš, zavrtiš  Slika pred očima pretvoriće se u neku novu, drugačiju sliku. Dovoljan je jedan tren da sve što vidiš nestane i iznova  Nastane.”
“i hope that whoever you are wherever you are and no matter how you are feeling you will always have something to smile about.”
“Stay true to yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.”
“Life is a dream. We wake up when we die”
“We create a meaningful life by what we accept as true and by what we create in the pursuit of truth, love, beauty, and adoration of nature.”
“Be yourself because an original is worth more than just a copy.”
“Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.”
“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”
“Transformations are a part of life. We are constantly being changed by things changing around us. Nobody can control that. Nobody can control the environment, the economy, luck, or the moods of others. Compositions change. Positions change. Dispositions change. Experiences change. Opportunities and attitudes change. You will change.”
“If you constantly look stupid somewhere, you might be a genius but in the wrong place. Average minds fit in anywhere, It’s intelligence that doesn’t fit.”
“Some people suffer in silence, pain in the hearts but smiles on their faces.”
“Change the world, I know I won’t, Enthralling as always I hope it remains, A kaleidoscope of joy, sorrow and pain. But my only wish as I take this jaunt, Is for my words on you to impress upon, A smile, a tear or even an angry frown.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“We were never supposed to be in love; for everything that exists inside a heart eventually dies.”
“Be like the sun; never let the opinions of those who hate you dull your shine.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“We all have the same root, and are connected  To tap into this connectedness we must go within.”
“The world is a room of heavy furniture. Eventually you are allowed to leave.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”
“There's only one way to tackle life, enjoy a day at the beach, and jump into a Great Lake: Headfirst!”
“Life is sexy music, spicy-hot enchiladas and stacks of yellowed journals. It is the salsa and the gossip that floats on city breezes”
“Life is apple rings fried in bacon, followed by a walk on the beach, raging winds driving the rain sideways. Life is frosty nights and blue-sky days”
“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you, place them on the floor and use them as stepping stones to where you want to go.”
“I guess sometimes forever is a lot shorter than you think it's going to be.”
“Love is the strongest angel. Hate is the ugliest demon.”
“You were given fingers to count your own blessings, not someone else's.”
“We all need fairy tales to forget the tragedies and difficulties of life, even for a short time!”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Know what your objective is. Anything that does not contribute to that objective is unnecessary; let those things go.”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Everyone grows but not everyone becomes mature.”
“Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.”
“An angel who makes you cry is better than a devil who makes you smile.”
“Dance to the beat of your own drum; whether the world likes your rhythmic movements or not.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.”
“Fear nothing but your conscience.”
“Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.”
“If you are waiting for the perfect spouse, you are waiting for the perfect disappointment.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything. - Julian Blackthorn”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“If you press grapes, wine will pour out; if you crush roses, perfume will pour out; if you afflict the talented, genius will pour out.”
“False friends can be bought, but true friendship is priceless.”
“Water is such a lifesaver into which we cannot breathe but without taking it into us we cannot live”
“When people try to pull you down, remember, they had to look up to do so.”
“The path is paved with consistent, conscious mental and spiritual alertness and the gradual growth of goodness in our heart and clarity in our mind. We are awake. If we keep trying to understand, we will understand. If we keep telling ourselves that we are loved by Life and if we keep looking for evidence of that love, we will find it.”
“We need to maintain an awareness of our awareness, of what we are paying attention to, in order to discriminate between higher and lower forms of love.”
“Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.”
“Nothing goes away. Not on its own. You deal with it, or it deals with you.”
“As only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro, never allow yourself to be swayed by popular opinion.”
“Life is too short for negativity. Focus all your energy to create happiness.”
“Be busy with your free life.”
“صديق واحد يفعل بقلبك ما لا يستطيعه الف عدو !”
“Jealousy stings, envy poisons, anger harms, and hate murders.”
“fight for what you believe in, for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”
“You should base everything on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears and feel with your own heart. Period. Always believe what you KNOW about a person, not what you HEAR.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future.”
“The more you learn, the more you want to learn.”
“Because the parenting IS the most difficult job in the world! Our children need our Love, but also our support within this amazing matrix of choices. They need us to guide them towards Healthy Foods, Healthy Habits, Inspiring Activities, Life Enriching Friends, etc.’ Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids body mind soul”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“No expectations, no disappointments. [Michael Townsend]”
“Immerse yourself into yourself.”
“Try to being a 'Spider' in life, because spider always climb after he falls!”
“One 'TRUTH' is always powerful, than thousands of 'LIE's !”
“Self belief is the 'Power' to get success!”
“Maybe your 'Words' are false, but your 'Eyes' never!”
“Every human act had a power behind it, every power had an authority, and every authority had a purpose-dirty bombs constituted by free will and amended by angelic and demonic influence unto the driving of humanity-it was very much active directing. ~RUIN Katara Aggelos”
“I am 1324512000 seconds old. In the cosmic blink of an eye, I will become once again cosmic dust.”
“Great nations leave great ruins, great men leave great memories”
“Turn up the volume in your own life.”
“I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it”
“I hope you choose kindness. Even when others are being cruel. When someone asks you to give them your heart all warm and full of trust, and they give you something makeshift and full of barbed wire in return: be kind. Some people need to feel your heart wrap around them more than you know.”
“and that’s understandable. You feel that something is being taken away from you. And perhaps, in some ways, the situation has been unfair. But life, my dear, is often unfair. The solution, however, is never to dig in deeper where you are. The solution is to reach a hand over the trenches and, as our dear friend Forster would say, connect. Only connect.”
“The only difference between money and blank paper is that I can use blank paper for campfire” - Anuj Jasani”
“People just read about time management and think about time management but execution is a completely different experience that I can't describe in words”
“We have different backgrounds, different arrangements of occurrence and life experiences. Don't trip when you see others doing better than you. Yours is yet to come.”
“Without a purpose in life, happiness will be so difficult to be reached.”
“I have so much to share with the world, please be patient and you will get everything you are currently waiting for.”
“You can't be pro women while fucking someone's man.”
“How could I ever be lonely when I am with my own best self.”
“Value your time and don't waste it on the people that don't value yours. Time is precious.”
“When life hands you dirt plant seeds.”
“We think that the things we are going to regret are the things that we didn't attain; but that's not what we're going to regret. We're going to regret the things we didn't give, the love we didn't show, the time we didn't spend on someone who mattered  what we didn't GIVE. That's what we're going to regret!”
“Death offers you thorns, eternity offers you roses, and life offers you both.”
“Learn as much as you can. Love as much as you should.”
“Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.”
“Life flirts with me, seduces me. I constantly hear the siren call of life.”
“Everything is created twice. Once in your mind, then in your life!”
“Turn off the hate. Turn up the love.”
“If you base your worth on other people's opinion of you, you will be worth little or nothing by the time you encounter your first critic.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“Whatever some people might say, it seems to me that a world in which I can fly, bend space and time, and meet with people who have been dead for years, deserves more consideration than it gets. If I weigh the waking world on one side of the scale and the dream world on the other, which one is more substantial? Doesn’t a world of endless possibilities seem more likely to contain the whole of our lives than the fraction of the world that we call real?”
“But I don’t think fighting monsters is all that courageous. I think the ultimate act of courage is standing still in the face of a monster. Courage is looking closely enough into its jaws to see it for what it is: an illusion. The monster isn’t real. It’s your fear of the monster that is real. And just about anything in life can look like a monster if the light is just right.”
“You dream of a new world to come, a new world to be birthed, a new dream to be dreamt. In the dream, a flower grows, a lotus from which the creator and the creation will unfold. From which light will begin to shine upon this vast dark sea, unveiling all the magic sleeping within. From this flower, infinite worlds and universes will be born. Each will contain a seed of light. And these seeds will light the heavens for all to guide their journeys by.”
“The more dependent you are, the more afraid you will be. The key to fearlessness is independence. The key to fearlessness in freedom!”
“Just remember, life is short. You have to enjoy every moment before it passes you by.”
“Things is very primitive in the jungle - no place to shit, sleep on the ground like an animal, eat out of cans, no place to take a bath or nothing, clothes is all rotting off.”
“Only what is below you tries to pull you down.”
“Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.”
“If people haven't walked a mile in your shoes, don't listen to them if they mock the sores on your feet.”
“When blowing out someone’s candle you risk blowing out your own.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running - there is life in communication, but death in talking - there is life in awareness, but death in judgement - so, be the life my friend, without the judgement, without the talking, without the running - simply be the life, full with sparkling communications, revelatory awareness and heart-warming walks.”
“God gave birth to the universe. The universe gave birth to the cosmos. The cosmos gave birth to the world. The world gave birth to nature. Nature gave birth to life. Life gave birth to mankind. Mankind gave birth to humanity.”
“Don't make any opinion if you haven't correct knowledge”
“The reflection on the surface of the water is often mistaken for the mysteries that lie beneath. Likewise, the reflection of the moon is mistaken for its own light. In the quest for wisdom, each person must emerge from the illusions of the world and begin the journey towards the sacred mountain.”
“Sometimes a journey is not about the traveler. It is not about a destination. It is about the bringing together of worlds. It is about lighting a path.”
“His mission is not to wait until the world ends, but to find a way to the other side before it does. To prop open the door before it can be locked. To tie a suture before the fatal wound is made. To let in the moonlight before the sun is allowed to rise.”
“From my low perch, I watch the world as it passes by on these dirty side streets. There are no westerners in this corner of the city. Just locals going about their business. Weighing out brightly colored spices, walking back from the fish market, stopping at the paan shop, socializing over tea. Old men in lungis and flip-flops walking hand in hand and dirty-faced children who are all bright smiles and wild eyes. I am comfortable here. Sitting on this board, in this tiny chai stall, hidden away from the recognizable world. For the moment, I have disappeared.”
“If they can’t get to Europe, they’ll find their way to a local theme-park Eiffel Tower. Even a place that we write off as “inauthentic,” they realize, can arouse emotions that are entirely authentic.”
“দুরকম বন্ধু আছে পৃথিবীতে; একজন ভিজিটিং আওয়ারে আসে, ফিরে যায় সূর্যাস্তের আগে। অন্যজন বসে থাকে হাসপাতালের গেটে, অনন্ত দুঃখের রাত জাগে।”
“It ends when you're ready for a new beginning.”
“If you do not have control over your mouth, you will not have control over your future.”
“We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything." - Julian Blackthorn”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“أَعيشُ عَلى فُتاتِ أَحْلامٍ I live on remnants of dreams”
“The evenings are meant for deep reflection.”
“The world accommodates you for fitting in, but only rewards you for standing out.”
“Those who win never give up. Those who give up never win.”
“To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore all.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Be thankful for the efforts of people who worked hard to get you where you are; you should not take it for granted and treat them with indifference.”
“This life is not perfect, live it to the full, it's all we have”
“Don’t be afraid of criticism; the tallest trees are always confronted by the strongest winds.”
“Learn from seeds; they don’t die when you throw dirt at them; they grow.”
“Grief gives you a hundred reasons to cry; hope gives you a thousand reasons to smile, joy gives you a million reasons to laugh, and love gives you billion reasons to rejoice.”
“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
“Love doesn't die alone - we kill it.”
“It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty.”
“Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.”
“Life is a tightrope walk. One has to balance the do's and don'ts.”
“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Don't hyperbolize when things don't flow according to your plan. Things could change when you least expect it. And it is crucial to be flexible at all times.”
“You gain much more from your enemies than friends.”
“Respect your haters; they are always the first to show you that you are better than them.”
“Ignore those who resent you. Avoid those who begrudge you. Excuse those who envy you. Pity those who hate you.”
“It was her laughter that made me love her. Her shy inappropriate madness is what made her beautiful.”
“Don’t try to silence other people’s genius because you’re too deaf to hear your own.”
“It's easier to face the camera than life. As in the former the script is known.”
“Better an unsung HERO than the source of envy.”
“When the leaves stop falling wasn't her time to die, it was your time to live.”
“The day I died was just like any other idle Thursday.”
“Keberuntungan yang berlebihan selalu mengundang dengki.”
“Solo se vive una vez. En realidad, es tu deber que sea una vida plena.”
“This is life by all means necessary”
“Don't expect a good life, just expect to be good in life." -Joseph Jiyun Yang”
“There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you don't care what you lose!”
“Nor is there wanting in the press Some spirit to stand simply forth, Heroic in it nakedness, Against the uttermost of earth. The tale of earth's unhonored things Sounds nobler there than 'neath the sun; And the mind whirls and the heart sings, And a shout greets the daring one.”
“Love in the rain is better than hate in the sunshine.”
“The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.”
“I'm not a cynic. I am a realist.”
“Why settle for a lesser vision? When you are destiny for greatness!”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“Fortune crowns the bold before the worthy”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Death’s life should have listened to the moonly whispers of breathing in the coldest nights”
“Never be afraid to travel on a new path.”
“Don't complain if your're facing hard moments in life. Challenge yourself to face it, challenge yourself to beat it.”
“ how horrible and beautiful it is, that our eyes blur the truth when we can't bear to see it.”
“Listen—I want to run all my life, screaming at the top of my lungs. Let all of life be an unfettered howl. Like the crowd greeting the gladiator. Don’t stop to think, don’t interrupt the scream, exhale, release life’s rapture. Everything is blooming. Everything is flying. Everything is screaming, choking on its screams. Laughter. Running. Let-down hair. That is all there is to life.”
“An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.”
“Learn to accept things, learn to understand things that they're happening because it's for our own good. No matter what happen, just always remember that "If that thing didn't happen, I wouldn't be what I am now.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU. How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.”
“Your thoughts and emotions will dictate the kind of life you will have.”
“What's up with you? How come you're being like this?' Because it's the truth. This is the world we live in.”
“Whenever life hits me, I may bend like a nail but never break.”
“Dzikrullah berdialektika dengan tingkat kecerdasan. Kecerdasan tidak bisa ada dan berdiri begitu saja. Dia juga harus punya infrastruktur yang namanya kesungguhan, tradisi untuk presisi terhadap amanahnya, terbiasa untuk menghitung tabligh-nya, sehingga kecerdasannya akan sangat akurat. Jika sudah demikian, maka dzikrullah-nya juga akan sangat lancip untuk menuju ruhaniah-nya Allah SWT. (h.36)”
“This moment feels so dreadfully sore, Like a prickly thorn that I can't ignore. It's excruciating, oh how it stings, Like a bee's sharp sting that really zings. Pain, oh pain, it's part of the game, In life's grand adventure, it's never the same. From bumps and bruises to a broken heart, Pain finds a way to play its part. It sneaks up on us, oh yes it does, With a sting and a throb, just because. But Let me pamper myself with care so fine, In this very moment, oh how divine! With utmost tenderness, I shall embrace, A moment of self-love, at my own pace! I require some mercy, oh yes indeed, To grant myself kindness, in word and in deed. In this world so vast, with troubles untold, I seek solace and grace, to have and to hold.”
“I regret sharing my secrets with those who didn't deserve to know anything about me.”
“No Mistake can be hidden forever.”
“But for me living without loving you is not possible, As for the Moon to shine without the Sun is impossible.”
“Two glass of Exile, formed in a brownish color, A sip to get lost and no where, to be found, brandy it's. The taste of it under the tongue, for the weekend, remain blessed, and intoxicated to dark rum, Dark till it grows glommy. drinking and sipping with purpose, With the rose of lousy laughter's, A moment to forget your worries, And live again the next day.”
“Life isn't about being silent. It's about knowing when to speak up.”
“Guilt in the heart creates chaos in the head.”
“There is always a touch of magic in every miracle and a touch of miracle in every magical trick.”
“Weak people continue to stay with the wrong people because they choose suffocation over freedom.”
“Happiness isn't constant because it lies in constantly changing moments.”
“Similarly my love, your smiles, your beauty nourish my existence, You, your love, your endless beauty are what I need for sustenance, My eternity lies in you, and only you, Eternity will be virtueless if it is not spent thinking about you and loving you. By : Javid Ahmad Tak”
“Are you living a very quiet, very pleasant life? Then you definitely need a storm to remember that you live in a chaotic universe and not in a paradise!”
“Secrets are suffocating.”
“Without trust, the life of a relationship is short.”
“I never look back to see how far I have come. I look back to see how much I have grown and how many lives I have touched.”
“It's wrong to take out your anger on others when you are angry with yourself.”
“The more you care for those who don't care for you, the more you'll hurt yourself.”
“Don't be a slave to your partner. Be their equal partner.”
“Causes of suicide are cheaper than life.”
“I like pain. Pain indicates that I'm getting stronger.”
“Wise people choose silence. Kind people choose to answer.”
“Has the sun set? Don't be sad, the moon has risen! When the moon has set, don't be sad, the stars have appeared! Have the stars disappeared too, but don't worry, light a candle, now there is a candle in front of you! We can only hold on to life with this philosophy!”
“Sometimes you must put down the map, give up the way you thought it was going and, like Lewis and Clarke, make a new map after you’ve blazed a new trail.”
“And what you think about you equally matters as well. Just because you were introverted or depressed or neurotic in the past does not mean that you have to stick that label onto your forehead forever. Behaviour modification is entirely possible. New exposures and the right people can do wonders in your life.”
“Since childhood, we have conditioned ourselves to stay away from the rain. The rain is not the problem. What the rain represents is the problem. All we hear are the voices of our 'loved ones' who brainwashed us with their broken view of life whenever it rains.”
“Follow the latest trend and you too will be a follower. That will onl make you invisible. If you want to be different, then stand out from the rest. True strength comes from being unique.”
“People who don’t value your love label your love as too much.”
“How unhappy are those who keep missing the old days.”
“A life without trust is a life without belief.”
“No matter how big you think you are, you are just a little spark.”
“Sometimes 'the only way' becomes 'your way' when there is 'no other way.”
“Nightmares are there for a purpose, just like anything in life. Nightmares are there to remind us that life is not always sweet dreams. Life can also be full of frightening and unpleasant experiences, and we should always be aware of this reality and accept it.”
“Adam replies two days later, when I have pretty much healed up over the whole thing. It seems like that is the way the world works. You never get what you want when you are most excited and capable. What you want comes eventually, dressed in its shabbiest state, when you don't even want it anymore.”
“A long time ago, I stopped sitting at tables where I might be the topic when I get up.”
“There are people who hate you based on untrue thoughts they have about you in their minds.”
“A paradigm shift is a long-lasting change in the way we think about our lives. It's a shift in our perception of reality, a change in our beliefs and assumptions, and a new way of looking at the world around us.”
“A paradigm shift is not a small change. A small change is a minor adjustment in our behaviour or habits, while a paradigm shift is a complete overhaul of our way of thinking and acting.”
“In order to achieve something you’ve never achieved before, you have to become someone you’ve never been before.”
“Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should live their lives, but none about their own.”
“For me, life is too short, or too long, to allow myself the luxury of living it badly.”
“Sometimes when you face hardship you think you've been buried when you've actually been planted. Keep growing.”
“Life's true wonders unfold when we dare to shift our minds and embrace the transformative dance of paradigm change.”
“People label you bad when they forget the good you did for them.”
“Sometimes the best reward for the love you give to someone is their hatred for you.”
“Clear misunderstandings before they permanently damage your relationships.”
“Losing people helped me in finding my worth.”
“Everyone feels empty at some point, but we can fill the emptiness in our life. We can always fill up our empty life.”
“We cannot be always successful, but we can be always true.”
“Being genuinely cared for by someone makes you so fearless.”
“When I accepted rejection, I realized how easy it is to be ok with some people not liking you. It's not a shame.”
“We are not expected to know how to be in situations we have never been in before, we are only expected to navigate our way through as best as we can.”
“life is more than one slice”
“Don’t just live. Dig deep and enjoy the thrill.”
“When you talk without thinking, you talk shit”
“See people as they are. Never make assumptions.”
“It is never enough to just exist. Everyone exists. what matters is to live through your existence.”
“Diamonds are always found in mud, thus if you want to shine like a diamond, you should start brushing off the muds in your life.”
“Learn to focus on what attracts you in life that brings you joy, comfort, and peace of mind within you!”
“Wanting to be loved back isn't a very high expectation.”
“It is never too late to wake up, It is never too late to try, As long as you have a dream, you have a reason to wake up, And if nothing, at least try!”
“There is an immense, unreserved trust in life when one is young. You pursue, go off track, rediscover, whine, ans then allow your share of happiness to find you. And you do not realize how rare that occurrence is. You feel entitled to that bliss. And for a while, you bask in it. And it goes on, until the day it is taken away from you. And when that happens, your innocence is gone.”
“मुसीबत चाहे जितनी बड़ी हो, उसे अनदेखा करके या उससे पलायन करके उसे ख़त्म नहीं किया जा सकता। परेशानी के सामने मजबूती से खड़े रह कर, उससे लड़कर ही उसे ख़त्म किया जा सकता है।”
“The world is beautiful. What the world needs more of are people with a beautiful heart.”
“It’s the storms of life that make us strong, and as with all dark nights, sometimes we just have to hang on in there. Doggedly. The dawn will always come. The light will always win. And the fire, in nature, is all powerful.”
“When we begin to live like wildflowers, we put so much of our hearts into blossoming even in the most hostile surroundings.”
“Nothing expresses pain better than the eyes.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them." ~Charles Bukowski”
“Even the strongest, at times, weaken under the weight they carry; and tire from the battles they fight in secret. Alone.”
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.”
“Don’t expect people to be kind to you after being cruel to them.”
“Do you think the storm is fearless? Oh, you ignorant! Don't you know, only immortal things don't know fear! Storm goes around in a panic to live his short life well, just like us humans! It is fear, the fear of the brevity of time that pushes us and the storm, to live life immediately in panic!”
“Care by some people feels like a condition.”
“If you remember only bad and not any good, then the problem is with you.”
“The more you find out about life. The more you’ll be comfortable with yourself and appreciate its light.”
“Dear love, you're the first and best kiss in my life; Dear friend, you're the first and best sex in my life; Dear wife, you're the first and best child in my life.”
“Dear wife, you're the first and best child in my life.”
“Dear friend, you're the first and best sex in my life.”
“Only a pure heart can understand pure love.”
“You'll never be alone in tough times, if you are genuinely a good-hearted person.”
“I've realized that you might have big waves, and you may have small waves. But it never matters because the waves always break. And what if they don't? That just means that you must keep swimming until your wave appears.”
“Freedom emanates light and illuminates our life.”
“Love isn't a habit. Love is a feeling.”
“The bad you see in others is nothing but a reflection of your poor vision.”
“No matter where the Queen is and what battle she is fighting. She has to come back when her King is in danger.”
“People use you because you are useful. Nobody uses a useless person.”
“Nobody can give you confidence, and nobody can take it from you.”
“You can't defame someone who isn't worried about fame.”
“Give positivity to negative people, don't become negative like them.”
“The whole world is affected by the earth’s rising temperature. We’re raising it further.”
“If you are kind to just yourself and not others then you are not a kind person.”
“In the symphony of life, knowing when to heed the wisdom of experts and when to lend an ear to the collective voices of people is the art of harmony.”
“दिखावे का बोझ ढोता समाज खुशी के समान, विशेष दिनों में दु:ख का भी सार्वजनिक उत्सव मना लेता है।”
“इंसान सामाजिक प्राणी है। उसे सुख-दुख बांटने और दिखावा करने के लिए उसी समाज की ज़रूरत होती है, जिसमें वह रहता है।”
“ज़िंदा आदमी से असहमतियों पर खीजते हुए उम्र बिताई जा सकती है, मगर मृत देह से लिपटकर एक रात गुजारना भी मुश्किल होता है।”
“जुआरी भयानक तरीक़े से आशावादी होता है। भविष्य से अनजान वह दांव पर दांव लगाता है। मानव इतिहास का पहला जुआरी किसान था। आज भी उसके जैसा जूआ और कोई नहीं खेलता। कुदरत पर जुआ लगाने वाला वह अकेला प्राणी है जो अपने हौसले की बाजी लड़ाता है।”
“परिस्थितियाँ बदलने से जीवन के मूल्य नहीं बदलते।”
“तमाशा हर स्थिति पर विजय हासिल कर लेता है चाहे वह स्थिति दुख की ही क्यों ना हो।”
“ हम औरतें चूल्हे की लकड़ियों की तरह होती हैं जो परिवार के लिए जल कर राख हो जाती हैं। पर कोई हमारे लिए दो शब्द भी अच्छे नहीं बोलता। सदियों से हमने खुदको चूल्हे के हवाले कर रखा है। अब टेम आ गया है भूमिका बदलने का। तूं कर सकती है इसीलिए कह रही हूँ, चूल्हे से बाहर निकल कर जल। जलना ही है तो मशाल बन कर रौशनी फैला।' आधी सदी पार वाली अपने भीतर जलती आग को सीमा के हवाले करके चली गई।”
“बच्चों की परवरिश, महासागर से अमृत की बूंदें निकालने जितना पेचीदगी भरा काम होता है।”
“जिन लोगों में सच कहने की हिम्मत नहीं होती, वह सच के साथ खड़े होने का हौसला भी नहीं रखते।”
“समाज उन लोगों के रास्ते में बेड़ियाँ ड़ालता है, जो उसकी परवाह करते हैं। अपनी मर्जी करने वालों से वह भय खाता है और भयभीत लोग, योद्धा नहीं होते।”
“परंपराएं हमारी धारणाओं की नींव पर खड़ी ऐसी इमारत है जिसका शिक्षा और शास्त्रों से कोई सरोकार नहीं है। भगवत गीता पढ़ने वाले, आत्मा को मोह-माया से दूर मानते हैं मगर मृत व्यक्ति की आत्मा के तेरह दिन घर में रहने की परंपरा पर यक़ीन कर लेते हैं।”
“जिम्मेदारी लेने के लिए जिम्मेदार होना पड़ता है।”
“पेचीदा रिश्ते, जीवन में पेचीदगियाँ पैदा कर देते हैं।”
“डर एक हद तक ही डराता है। भय की सीमा-रेखा पार करने के बाद दबे-कुचले लोग, आंदोलनकारी बन जाते हैं।”
“शोषण का फल अशिक्षा के वृक्ष पर उगता है, जिसमें अधिकारों की जानकारी ना होना खाद का काम करती है।”
“तैयारी मुकम्मल होने के बाद पहला प्रहार सामने वाले की ओर से किए जाने का इंतज़ार करना, कारगर रणनीति होती है।”
“शिकवा-शिकायत बातचीत का मौक़ा देता है जिससे सुलह की उम्मीद बंधती है।”
“Let's not heal the unfound wounds For they are path to light Let's carry the concealed pain For it carries the hidden treasure Let's not paint the old walls For they are ugly but serene and strong Let's kiss the broken self For the broken are actually beasts.”
“Mâini bătătorite de sapă, de munci grele, mâini care luaseră pe încetul înfățișarea și culoarea pământului uscat și crăpat. Acum, reci, se odihnesc: nu se vor mai clinti niciodată  Acolo, în țărână, peste ani de zile, când vor rămâne numai un schelet deșirat, oasele mâinilor au să se mai odihnească încă, pe gratiile coastelor, împreunate, neclintite, așa cum niciodată nu s-au odihnit.”
“Possibilities! In the loop of possibilities, There is always one reality, As you enter this cycle of possibilities, You unknowingly make a pact with eternity, To seek the new and to seek the original, And as you leave one loop only to enter another, You wonder what is fake and what is original, Because the loops are infinite and they hold this universe together, Where real is never obvious and fake is hidden too, And as you seek the real with your relentless prudence, You are cast in the dimensions fake and real too, Then to establish the reality is what defines that crescendo of prudence, And as ripples of time move over these loops of possibilities, You somehow segregate the unreal loops from the real, And in this intertwining net of possibilities, Now you, your thoughts, your desires are true and real, Whatever you seek now, seeks you as well, And the infinity breaks its endless loop, Because now you are part of eternity as well, Where you now can tell the fake from the original loop, Then the dimensions of the universe attain a singular state, Where universe is like a geometry with just one rule, That it is you who defines its every known and unknown state, And you become part of the reality integrated in every rule!”
“Why do you occupy your mind about me, because I am about me? Do not concern me. Relax yourself by interfering in the affairs of others”
“If you are not traveling, you are living in a deep well, and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but you also don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“जिनके हें, वो आ कर ले जाए, मेरे पास अमानत रखे हें जो मिले थे मुझे सड़कों पर गिरे हुए वो सभी क़िरदार हिफ़ाज़त से रखे हें”
“जिनके हें, वो आ कर ले जाए, मेरे पास बतौर अमानत रखे हें जो मिले थे मुझे सड़कों पर गिरे हुए वो सभी क़िरदार मेरी अमान में हिफ़ाज़त से रखे हें”
“The right lesson in the art of living begins with a chapter of death.”
“Lineage does not make a person's character The character of a person makes a lineage dignity. Although Yazid was also from the family of Hazrat Muawiyah but His character destroyed the dignity of his lineage forever.”
“God knows the soul will be injured more than the body. So God keeps the soul inside the body. The wounds of the soul no one can see That's all people see. Is your body You die when your soul dies. However, you get funeral when stop breathing your Body”
“God created us all free from the very beginning, and placed Liberty in our hearts so that no one can take it away from us. If you touch heart of human to take away his Liberty, he will die. His Liberty and Life are united in one place: in his heart.”
“To be spiritual, one does not have to renounce the world, but to elevate oneself above worldly desires to a higher level of consciousness.”
“Anyone shall sacrifice their love but only your wife will sacrifice her life for you.”
“We live in a world where everything tends to get oversold, then all too often under-delivers. I’d prefer to be known for the opposite.”
“Loneliness is a horrifying disease that doesn't have a lot of options for its cure.”
“The days that change your life usually begin like any other day.”
“The stars show us the path but the flowers travel with us.”
“A new way of life would open for each of us if we redefine our pursuits and appreciate what we already have.”
“In the journey of life, embracing change becomes a profound teacher. By accepting its presence, we open ourselves to growth, resilience, and the infinite potential that lies within transformation.”
“Life is pretty much the same everywhere, it seemed; ugly, putrid, infested with vermin, full of shameful secrets and dark corners. Still, life is life, and he must make the best of it.”
“We are all fit for better things than we ever do.”
“I am quite satisfied with my position. The work I am doing is not of very much value, perhaps, but we all do what we can.”
“Tell me,” she interrupted, “are you quite sure that these friends of yours can be trusted?” “Quite sure. I know them personally, and have worked with them.” ”That is, they are members of the sect to which you belong? Forgive my scepticism, but I am always a little doubtful as to the accuracy of information received from secret societies. It seems to me that the habit⁠—” "Who told you I belonged to a 'sect'?" he interrupted sharply. “No one; I guessed it." "Ah!" He leaned back in his chair and looked at her, frowning. “Do you always guess people's private affairs?” he said after a moment. “Very often. I am rather observant, and have a habit of putting things together. I tell you that so that you may be careful when you don't want me to know a thing.”
“It takes a while, but all of us will find our path. That day is not far away.”
“Life is not about how many times you can dodge the waves, it’s about how well you can swim in choppy waters.”
“The best student in high school may become the worst student of life.”
“Even in your worst moments, try not to become worse.”
“Life doesn’t give you what you want. Life gives you what you fight for.”
“To be spiritual, one need not give up the world, but must overcome worldly desires.”
“Start correcting others only after you have fully corrected yourself.”
“Dear love, fight with me to show your love and fight with the world to prove your love.”
“I asked the master, what is life? He said to me: Sometimes you collect fallen leaves for hours, and then an unexpected strong wind blows and all the leaves fall apart, you go back to the beginning and you start collecting leaves again, that's life!”
“He who has conquered his mind and resides in the Self, is the most intelligent among men.”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden”
“In the graceful symphony of existence, life pirouettes with the enchanting rhythm of impermanence. Embracing the present moment reveals the spellbinding wonders that unfurl before us. Releasing the shackles of past and future attachments liberates our spirits to marvel at the kaleidoscope of ever-evolving moments. Cheers to embracing the vibrant tapestry of life, living wholeheartedly in the here and now!”
“Those who hate you will obviously not speak nice things about you.”
“Growth happens when you don't surrender to the pain.”
“Trust the soul above all things, for it is made by the Divine hand and woven with threads of truth, eternity, and light.”
“Все пройде… і ми пройдемо, а життя триватиме. З нами або без нас, а життя завжди триває… і це прекрасно.”
“Свобода — це не дар, а привілей, за який потрібно заплатити велику ціну. Мені пощастило, за мене її заплатили інші, кого з нами вже немає, і як мінімум — я мушу зробити правильні висновки…”
“Світ дуже жорстке, страшне і холодне місце. Але він стає ще страшнішим, якщо ми самотні. Якщо нам немає з ким розділити цей страх. Ми одні. І завжди будемо одні — від народження і до самої смерті. Ніхто і ніколи не зрозуміє повною мірою те, що відбувається всередині іншої людини. Але це не означає, що ми повинні бути самотні. Нам потрібна опора, щоб не зламатися під тиском того, що нас оточує. Потрібно знайти людину, з якою можна буде розділити спільну самотність. Залишитись одному в цьому світі — одне з головних нещасть людини. Більш виснажливе й руйнівне для душі важко знайти. Щоб залишатись людиною, потрібно любити. Любов — це головний бар’єр, що не дає вийти за рамки людяності, і єдине, заради чого дійсно варто бути вільним. А Свобода — це єдине, що у нас є від народження і що дійсно гідне боротьби.”
“If you are a passenger in life, then life will decide your destination. If you are the driver of your life, then you will decide its destination”
“People must understand that we only have one life, one time, one climate and one environment, since we can not buy a new one in the market, the only option we have is to protect this moment in favour of making it last forever.”
“There is the elixir of life in the gentle summer breeze. The more it caresses me, the more alive I feel.”
“Life is a delicate dance between holding on and letting go, finding balance in the ever-changing rhythms of existence.”
“Beauty is not what we see, it can be an illusion of eyes Beauty is what we can feel.”
“They say life makes you tired, but if you ask life, it will say to you: You had wrong thoughts, you made wrong decisions, you did wrong things, life did not tire you, it was your stupidity that made you tired!”
“It is the way you interpret the world that determines your degree of self-satisfaction.”
“The more we observe nature, the more there is the possibility of seeing things we've never seen before.”
“Life is fair. What makes it unfair are human beings who subject others to unfair treatment.”
“Life will allow you to meet cruel people at some point. When the unexpected happens, learn to be strong.”
“Life is good when you know that you were born for a reason—a good reason, for that matter. It does not matter what happens. The most important thing is that you were born to make an impact.”
“Life is good, but sometimes you can go through bad times. When bad times show up in your path, choose to remain good to others.”
“Life is great when you choose to be grateful.”
“Life is hard when you are surrounded by people who think they are always right and never notice when you are right.”
“Life is magical, but you will never realize that magic around people who constantly pull you down.”
“Life is much better when you choose to capture the best moments.”
“You will make less mistakes if you learn to learn from the mistakes of others.”
“Assuming something is the illusion of knowing the truth.”
“Bitter truth about money Money can't buy you everything. True !! But the whole needs of your life, bread, food, home, medicine, education—nobody gifts you your whole life, nor is it free. Money is not so important.Yeh, absolutely right. Ohhh but it's just controlling, ruling, and running the whole world. And every second of life depends on this unimportant thing. Every bad thing happens just because of money. Problems in relationships, problems in nature, proud behavior, right? HUMAN..Human is evil; he needs something to blame for all his crimes.Money is an object and an easy, soft target. What's important in life? Money or love? The answer is simple. Love inspired to build the Taj Mahal. and Money fulfilled the dream. After all, we must learn to be happy in situations where we are. God is with One Who knows patient”
“Sunrise Nature is more beautiful than dreams So wake up early”
“Life has a sense even if its purpose is senseless.”
“Second Confrontation With The Limp. Today while ascending the escalators, In the crowd of thousands of spectators, The limp appeared once again, With similar signature of pain and strain, And the drag with which he pulled his right foot, Today seemed shorter than half a foot, He appeared to be moving in a definite direction, Without any doubts or dereliction, As I was ascending the escalator, He was descending the stairs one at a time , like a helpless procrastinator, And there I caught a glimpse of human emotion, A feeling of surging and pristinely humane sensation, A man who must have been in his mid sixties and ascending the escalator beside me, With side parted grey hair and a composed look that even skies longed to see, Caught the sight of the limp holding his bag in his left hand, While he held his right leg with his right hand and pushed it to the next step, to maintain balance and anyhow stand, He descended the stairs with caution, one step at a time, And the left leg, was in complete denial to rhyme, With the floundering right foot supported by his ankle high shoes, But there was nothing to cover or hide his face bearing the painful blues, The man looked at him and turned to see him again and again, Then without making it obvious, he removed his spectacles and cleared his tears, as he revived his look simple and plain, But it seemed he missed a heart beat when he saw the man limping in the crowd, A rush of emotion crossed him and surged his existence and for anyone equally sensitive, it was silent yet very loud, His feelings of sympathy were displayed all over his face, The sadness that he managed to hide with a synthetic grace, Failed in preventing him to constantly turn his head and look at the limping man, Perhaps it reminded him of someone dear or he felt a fellow human beings pain culminating in the form of the limping man, And he quietly wept and maybe felt deeply sorry for the limp and his relentless dragging, For whatever reason the limp too turned and looked back, and both were locked in a momentary emotional tugging, Where the limp gently smiled and bowed a bit, The man tried to smile too but he couldn't, so he lifted his hand slowly and waved it at him, as if to tell him, keep walking, never stop or sit, And then both pursued, rather were lured by their destinies, One ascending, the other one descending, with their own dreams, own hopes and a bunch of certainties, The man must be where he ought to be, the limp too might be at his destination now, But today both of them conquered their destinies with that humbling and simple bow!”
“Fear doesn't destroy you. It makes you slave”
“Just so you know, love is possible for us too. We've witnessed the pain life left at our doors. It entered unwelcome, decided never to leave. Hope held us together , even when everything fell apart. You knew it was out there waiting to be found. I just want you to know, that love is possible for us too. You will find love in time.”
“Still I want to feast in the ritual of living. To feel the day breathe me in until I become weightless. To cling to my faith like dew cleaves to daylight. I want to be charmed by life's hope-to let the heaviness of this world drift as lost ships in undisturbed seas-I want to saunter purposefully, until I find that soft thing that defines me." "The Silence in us”
“The pages of life's book turn swiftly, so let us fill them with stories worth sharing.”
“Sometimes, living means forgetting a little bit of life”
“Hope is never constant. It will come and go. But a hopeful person will figure out a way to be hopeful again.”
“With experience, you start responding better to life troubles.”
“Life is an illusion, there is neither birth nor death; Realize your true Self as the Divine.”
“And when your illusion of fear towards death decays- your life starts to ripen.”
“Life, it's not denying or agreeing with you- it is just always stating itself.”
“And I have a choice. Either to become a selfish man like a Demon or to become a good Man.”
“Original characteristics may check by breakage of any metal.. Similarly apply to human beings..”
“If you can remain calm and positive in dark times, there will always be sunshine in your life.”
“Change the perception in life of criticism into challenges, luck into opportunity, achievements into Inspiration, Ideas into Invention and become a Brand that does not demand to be introduced.”
“Life can be so short. So, as each day passes by, do not forget that you are also passing by. Be wise with your time.”
“Life can be tricky, especially when surrounded by tricksters.”
“Life can be very short. Therefore, make the most of it, so you won’t spend the rest of your life in regret.”
“Life can coincidentally put you in a place you never wanted to see yourself. If that ever happens, pray and ask God for guidance.”
“Life ceases to be tough when you choose to be tough and not give up in tough times.”
“Life has challenges, but those challenges will challenge you to come out of your comfort zone. Once you are out of your comfort zone, you will enjoy real comfort later on.”
“Life has its ups and downs. When it feels hard and you find yourself in a corner, it may be even harder to make decisions. It is, therefore, important to seek divine help in making the right decisions because God can easily open the right doors when you follow the right steps.”
“Life has no friend, my friend. Treat it well.”
“Life has so many twists and turns. What is more significant is to live with gratitude rather than regrets; to live with enthusiasm and avoid any form of pessimism; to live by faith and realize that regardless of the circumstances, you can still attain greatness.”
“Life is a chance given to you to change the world. So, while you can, do your level best!”
“Life is about a constant flow of breaths, without which one is essentially dead. Therefore, learn to appreciate every breath you take.”
“Life is a great mystery that unfolds day by day. Be grateful for every step of the way.”
“Life is a mystery. Today you face the highest mountain; tomorrow you are beneath a rock somewhere in the valley. That is why you need to treat others with respect, for you never know where you will end up.”
“Life is a privilege. Learn the power of gratitude and life will never be the same.”
“Life is a race that you will get to run alone and sometimes with others in the form of a relay.”
“Life is a split second away from death. While you still have yours, live it to the fullest.”
“Life is a temporary journey on earth. Live it with the end in mind. Never leave anything undone until your last day on earth. You cannot suddenly run many miles per hour on your sickbed if you failed to do so while you were fit. Be responsible and purposeful with your life.”
“Life is always fair, both to those who are unfair and to those who are fair.”
“Life is amazing when there is progress. That is why you must strive to take steps that lead to success.”
“Life is an adventure whose experience is incredible when you focus on the bigger picture.”
“Life is beautiful when you choose to see its beauty amid ugly situations. Learn to see life’s beauty just as you see the beauty of a rose, despite its thorns.”
“Life is beautiful, but the most dreadful things can happen at any time. So, learn to embrace the beauty of life, no matter what.”
“Life is better when people choose to love one another, look after each other and laugh together.”
“Life is better when you treat it like an examination. In an examination, you do not just write anything based on how you feel; you are expected to answer the examiner's questions.”
“Life is easy, but sometimes people complicate it by trying to complicate the lives of others.”
“Life is easy. If you hate complications, do not complicate other people's lives.”
“You know the feeling, when you decide to walk a certain way, and while actually taking the walk, you lose your way and tumble across an entirely new alleyway, you listen to your soul, that mad mad gypsy soul of yours and tread along that unknown path and get mesmerized by all the beauty that surrounds that path, and thank your soul for that walk, that strange crazy step that took you there. Meantime, that mind of yours, that overzealous protective disciplinarian, keeps reminding you how you've turned your path, how you are losing on Time and perhaps a little bit of your dream's favour, only to let your heart smile upon its foolishness, oh but nothing is a dead-end, just a detour and you can take as many detours as you want because your Soul isn't bound by Time and dreams are but Stardust born of every star dying to breathe in yet again, just another dance of a death and birth of a star, a dream, a path to find and to lose, a walk, a long long walk, a thousand detours and yet each one as full of life and beautiful as the majesticity of Life is meant to be.”
“Remember that you are only alive now. This is the only moment you have. Embrace it.”
“As water transitions from air to ice, and water again; so do we. Like water, Being is a transition of mind, body, and spirit  Like air, which exists despite water or ice, Spirit exists despite body or mind. Love is our living waters. God is Love.”
“Life happens. Shit Happens. And it happens a lot. To a lot of people !!”
“For those who follow Jesus, the name of Jesus is alien to the man himself. Therefore, the location is not identified.”
“Επιτυχία είναι να έχεις αυτό που θέλεις. Ευτυχία όμως είναι να θέλεις αυτό που έχεις. Οι περισσότεροι στην ευτυχία την πατάμε. ~ Το Δώρο, Στέφανος Ξενάκης”
“Sometimes yuh gotta love even when it don't make sense.”
“We all claim that we don't lie. Isn't it? But that's the biggest lie. The truth is we all lie in life. Some people lie to protect their life. Some people lie to protect others. I also lied to protect someone, and what followed was a suffocation of hiding something from someone who meant a lot to me. Trust me, the sooner you learn, the better it is for you that even if your intentions are good, it is still a lie. So be a little selfish, don't think about anyone. Just think about yourself, and you'll never have to make stories to cover your lie.”
“Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.”
“Life partner is strength and weakness of men”
“Human can never be satisfied”
“Money cover your sins.. Poverty covers your morality..”
“The best revenge is to find peace, happiness, and purpose in our life again.”
“There is still a corner in my heart untouched by your LOVE.”
“You are not here to suffer in the dreams of others, Embrace your present and value your passion, If not you then who can be the best version of yourself, Stop! Think! Raise! Evolve! and live the way your soul wants to be!”
“Having right over others is something shameful. It's using force.”
“Hal-hal biasa yang dia lakukan membawanya ke segala hal yang luar biasa. Dan kadang-kadang itu membawanya pada perpisahan.”
“ Menurutku tidak semua orang harus menikahi orang yang dicintainya, tidak semua orang harus mendapatkan pekerjaan yang sesuai untuknya, atau menjadi orang yang selalu dia inginkan. Kau harus selalu ingat kalau, bahkan dalam buku cerita, setelah 'akhir yang bahagia', semua tokoh harus meneruskan hidup mereka. 'Akhir yang bahagia' itu cuma fase, dan ia akan segera berakhir.”
“Kebahagiaan baru berakhir kalau hidup juga sudah berakhir.”
“If You hurt anyone, it means you got already hurted.”
“In some ways I’m like a picture that hasn’t been colored in yet.”
“Come on, we only get one chance at life. This isn't a dress rehearsal.”
“Why is there a sadness in me that does not go away? Asking myself many times I have found no answer ”
“The creative flow is ever-present. If you don’t feel it, breathe walk meditate— smile at the universe, and it will smile back.”
“If it didn't come with being humiliated, it wouldn't be my life at all.”
“She took my morning with her. My day begins in the afternoon, and it’s always hazy.”
“Your life is meaningless until the realization of your true Self as the Divine.”
“Except birth, the rest of our life is a deadly affair.”
“Those who can't have you, start hating you.”
“With positive thoughts we can soar, And open up infinite doors, With negative thoughts we can stall, And create a life so small.”
“One of the most important lessons I've come to learn is this: We are all sailing in our own individual ship of life; and no matter how great of a sailer you may be, we all experience seasons the same. The storms will come, and the cold will come, the warmth shall come, and the blossom of spring shall also come.   Winter is not bad for existing, nor is summer any less great for being hot. Each season exists to serve its purpose  And none of us are exempted from enduring the seasons. Understand the seasons and times of life. Take delight in the sun and at the sight of blooming flowers, but remember, the storms and the winter shall also surely come. Learn how to adjust your sails and know when to adjust them, prepare yourself for the cold and the stormy seasons, but remember to always enjoy the sun while it shines ”
“If you want to take the train, you have to give up the station! To do something in life, you must give up at least one thing!”
“It is not the years in your life that count, it is the life in your years.”
“The bottom is someone's top in life.”
“There's only one me. The closest thing that looks like me is my shadow, and it's still not me.”
“The criteria for who to take life advice from is whether or not you could trade life with them.”
“God bless you, little Kristin, I've been to Paris and traveled elsewhere in the world as well, and yet you mustn't think me any better for it, for I fear the Devil and love and desire this world like a fool.”
“Your life partner isn't your partner if they believe you are inferior to them.”
“There is only one sin. And that is theft When you tell a lie, you steal someone's right to the truth. When you kill a man, you steal a life. You steal his wife's right to a husband, rob his children of a father. When you cheat, you steal the right to fairness.”
“If you are uncomfortable in your own skin. You'll settle to be in anyone's arms, And this is how you suffocate and this is how you disappear.”
“According to the calendar, seasons change every 3 months; But in life, a single season can be years long… Embrace each season.”
“There is no such thing as a dumb human being in this world. Everyone is intelligent at something. I've met people who were hopeless in their physics, maths and accounting class but were amongst the some the most musical genius I've come across, met drop outs who were convinced that they were dumb because they had trouble learning through the monotous traditional style of teaching, but had incisive social observations which were better than most sociologists. And some never went to art school but drew like Michael angelo and have better acting skills than most Hollywood actors. In psychology text books, there are atleast 9 forms of intellignce, and everyone has their own. Know yours!”
“Do not lose yourself in the crowd. You are the only one you've got. Take care of your soul.”
“You are a sum product of every thought you've ever had, every belief you've ever held, and every decision you have ever taken. Don't be fooled; whatever's going on in your mind at this very moment is either hindering you or advancing your progress. Take care of your thoughts.”
“Life is the only trip where the journey is more important than the destination.”
“A man who does not know his weaknesses will never understand his strength.”
“Do your best and give it all to God  Remember that your best can always improve.”
“Your struggle is not vain. Have faith, and be patient enough to discover why God let it all happen.”
“You cannot buy a single breath. You had no consent in your being born. You just found yourself alive. The journey can end on anyday. He owes you nothing; yet He blesses you infinitely. Thank God for life.”
“Simply put, parenting feels like giving birth to yourself, raising yourself; and praying to God daily that you turn out better than the previous version of yourself.”
“To anyone who has ever set a goal, worked towards it, endured through it, and eventually saw it come to pass; no matter how big or small  I salute you, and congratulations. Whatever you are facing now, remember that you still have it in you to succeed and achieve a new goal again. Just set a goal, focus on One Thing at a Time, commit & work towards it, achieve, and repeat.”
“Everyone is fighting battles and demons we know nothing about; and everyone has a breaking point. Be Kind.”
“Beware of the small things. A small leak can sink a great ship.”
“My father taught me well  I'm still learning most of the lessons.”
“Never judge what you have not experienced. Every moment is a new experience.”
“Genuinely love & give love to people  It is the highest form of honoring the Creator.”
“No other person will ever treat you or respect you Better than yourself. The way you carry yourself sets the standard for others to do the same.”
“Handle every situation and carry each weight with dignity". #LessonsFromMyFather”
“Not only did you overcome the greatest of odds to be born alive, You are also a descendent of a long line of people  A long line of people who lived, laughed, dreamt, overcame, and loved. A descendent of a great line of kings, queens, heroes, heroines, warriors, and conquerors. You are a product of a long tale of love stories that bore fruit. A result of love stories that had to birth specific people at specific times since the beginning of time  You, my friend, are the ultimate testimony and proof that love lives. Love qualified you to be here.”
“Everyone and Everything you love becomes a part of who you are. You just never realize how much until they are gone.”
“Kardeş kardeşle bütün olur. Kardeş en çok kardeşine düşman olur.”
“Babalar öldüğünde oğullar kim olduklarını keşfetmeye başlar. Daha öncesinde değil.”
“Observe and revel in the place and time you are in.”
“Kederin ve kaybın peykanları bizi deldi geçti.”
“It is amazing how much the human spirit can stand of loss and panic. What gives us the courage to go on?”
“-Do you know the difference between intellectual telepathy and emotional reincarnation? -Yes, telepathy is reading thoughts, and reading feelings and sensations. -Did it ever occur to you that someone is telepathy to you against your will? -Some people have this talent, or so they claim. Baibars: It is not a talent, but a knowledge. Physiognomy was never a talent, but rather an experience. People who travel a lot, social people, who have an appetite for information, and details, are the owners of physiognomy, who acquire it as a result of their experiences, all of which are stored in their subconscious mind, and the latter gives them results. In the form of emphatic feelings, we call it physiognomy, or talent. And basically, it’s based on data: we do not hear or know about anyone who has insight, who has earned this talent while sitting at home, but who is a frequent traveler. The more data you have, the more precise you are able to telepath with your target, and now telepathy is happening at every moment. With the technical revolution and the development and diversity of the means of all information, in many ways, social networking sites are not the first and will not be the last. With the development of computers, and their ability to process huge amounts of data, in a relatively acceptable time, and with the development of artificial intelligence software, and self-learning software, our privacy has become violated by many parties around the world, not only the intelligence services, but even studies and research centers, and decision-making institutions. They all collect an awful lot of data every day, and everyone in this world has a share of it. These software and computers will stand powerless if you strip them from their database, which must be constantly updated. Telepathy became available, easy, and possible, as never before. Physiognomy became electronic in the literal sense of the word. However, our feelings, and our emotions, remain our impenetrable fortress. If you decide to make your entire electronic life a made-up story, contrary to the reality of what you feel, such as expressing joy when you feel sad, this software will expect you from you other than what you really feel, it will fail. The more you are cunning, and deceitful in reincarnation, the more helpless it stands in knowing the truth of your feelings that no one else knows. All that is required of you is to express the opposite of what you feel. The randomness of humans, their spontaneity, and those they think are their free decisions, have been programmed by a package of factors surrounding them, which were imposed on them, including society, environment, conditions, and education. The challenge is to act neither spontaneously nor randomly, and here lies the meaning of the real free will. Can you imagine that? Your spontaneity is pre-programmed, and your random decisions that you think are absolutely free, are in fact not free, and until you are able to imagine this and believe in it, you will remain a slave to the system. To be free you must first overcome it, you must rebel against what you think is your free self. He was silent for a moment, took a breath from his cigarette, and what he was about to say now almost made him inevitable madness, a few years ago… -But, did it occur to you, Robert, that there is someone who can know the truth about your feelings, no matter how hard you try to fake them! And even knows it before you even feel it! A long moment of silence…”
“It was not difficult for an intelligent physicist to understand what was behind his gazes. The longer we sit, the more he looks at my smallest detail, he keeps looking at my lips, my neck, and my shoulders, with a gaze full of passion. Shy but still a female, who will not fail to feel a man’s desires toward her which is one of her most important strengths that was inherited from her ancestors. She looks away, but still sees her surroundings with a wider panoramic view than a man does. her sensors pick up risks, feelings, and repressed desires, many times as much as he can. It is enough for her to stand in front of the wardrobe and without moving her head or her eyes, she sees all its contents, she finds what she wants in a second, while a man has to move his eyes, head, and probably most of his organs and all of his senses to find what he is looking for, and often fails. Thus, our mind has developed these physical abilities, over thousands of years, as needed. The man’s need was to focus on his arrow and his prey, and his foresight has evolved, it has become more focused, while the woman’s need is to protect the home and children from dangers, her panoramic view has evolved to see her surroundings more broadly than the man’s. So, our mind programmed itself, and in this way, it developed our abilities. What it does not need, it leaves or neglects until this thing withers and dies, but what it thinks is important or needed, it keeps, strengthens it. Necessity is the key to evolution. Even athletes are well aware of this: in the body-building halls, they gradually lift weights, to force their brains to feed and build muscles. And as long as they’re still in pain to lift a weight, their brains realize they need more muscle power, so they can handle that weight without danger, and the brain starts to protein the muscles, thereby strengthening them and increasing their size. If it didn’t find enough protein in the diet, it creates it. As the muscles became stronger, and the weight on the trainee became easier to carry, he increased it, and the brain began to strengthen the muscles more to handle the new weight. If the muscle ceases to gain weight, it freezes at enough force and size to carry the current weight. The principle of negligence and usage; what has a need remains, and what has no need perishes. But Mousa’ need recently while going to the bodybuilding gym is not to stimulate the mind to meet his muscular needs. Rather, his causes are more profound, dangerous, and insane… But whom of us would need this?”
“Physical distance is better than the emotional distance in relationships.”
“When I close my eyes, I see more. And in my silence, I hear myself more. Well, it’s all right, as I understand more.”
“There is no person more intimate than the person who makes you feel good.”
“I did not ask for the horrible past they gave me. I won’t let them mingle with my dreams.”
“When man takes a good look and understands that everyone is engaged only in their own welfare, then he alone well starts engaging himself with full of interest to take his life to a higher and better level.”
“Be brave, be kind, be honest, be true— remember these things are alive within you.”
“Life is always going to get in the way of our best intentions and most well-made plans.”
“Hidup itu bagaikan karya seni, tempaan dan cobaan menjadikan kita menjadi sebuah maha karya”
“Intelligence is not solely measured by what we know, but by our ability to adapt, learn, and solve the puzzles that life presents us.”
“Cuộc sống là những câu chuyện ở phía trước, là cái ở phía sau, là điều ở trên đầu, dưới chân, là mọi sự chuyển động, mọi thứ đang tĩnh lặng và có cả những điều đã mất đi ”
“If you have the capacity to change the path you walk at every stage of your life, then you have the skill and courage to stay safe in every moment of your life because if the path you walk suddenly turns messy, you can take a completely different path!”
“Today is passing by and Tomorrow is laughing at him. Tomorrow does not know that he himself will soon become Yesterday. Make of this what you will, but your gain will be great if it helps guide your behavior and relationship to seniors and, especially, older people.”
“Take any path and hope for the best. At least it will lead you out of the shadows.”
“Sometimes you get pushed out not because you're not worth it, you are worth more.”
“That small step of yours, can create a big impact in your life!”
“Forgive those who deserve it, not just those your heart desires.”
“Our almosts are God's way of letting us know there is something more to our life— and it's about to surpass what you've asked for, even greater than what you've desired before. Have faith.”
“Life is made up of many moments. When you repeatedly botch those moments, eventually there is a price to pay”
“Life is not perfect, individuals will always be flawed, but empathy-the sheer inability to see those around them as anything other than people too- conquers all in the end”
“Biochemistry is the alchemy of nature, transforming simple elements into the majestic tapestry of life”
“I don’t worry about finding myself. I worry about not getting lost.”
“Life is not shallow. We have to dig deep to live.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“Make sure the sacrifice you make today is worth the tomorrow that may never come.”
“You’re always going to have people who aren’t happy for your success, but only you control how you respond to it.”
“Time is not a ladder one ascends into the future but a ladder one descends into the past”
“When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.”
“Being in a relationship with someone meant compromise. You gave up things you wanted because your partner needed you to. I’d seen my parents do it for each other for years. What he’d been trying to tell me, and what I saw now, was that there were some things you couldn’t compromise on. The things that were part of you, that made up who you were, had to be appreciated by the people who claimed to love you. Otherwise, they were just trying to make you what they were. That’s not love. That’s colonialism.”
“Green nature is the silent yet powerful, conductor orchestrating life on Earth.”
“Life is the most magical chance in life.”
“The thorny question remains, who wrote it? The thorny question remains, who wrote it? All I remember was my decision to write something, my hand, my fingers, and even my mind, were just tools of writing and expression, like the computer I used. As for the writer, it was something or someone I did not know, sitting inside my body fighting me to get out of its prison, forcing me to bargain it for a few words that express it. I was like a lost visual artist whose empty painting was in front of him and his brush was in his hand but his thoughts were scattered, he did not know how to connect them or how to begin, but his senses began to weave the fabric of the thoughts of that deep thing inside, as they translate them, to create the most meaningful paintings. Every line I wrote I knew nothing of what was to come. I was even surprised by some of the chapters and reacted to them, just as you would react. They were as new to me as they are to you, and sometimes I was standing astonished to realize what I had written, or to understand the connection I had just discovered between the characters. This novel, inevitably, was already accomplished in me, as it was written in one go. It already existed. As for transcribing it on paper, it took me some time. It is a novel that expresses a part of an exception that I think I have had in my life. I cannot confirm or deny its events, even though they may have happened, in every detail, what is certain is the perspective of your understanding of the truth, they may be completely true, and from another perspective, they may be just delusions or dreamy fantasies, this depends on what truth means to you, or what it will be… I appreciate your valuable time. Believe me, I am the best to know. That is why I was careful that this was not just a classic, casual novel for fun while you are drinking your morning cup of coffee. Perhaps by it, I want to stir up that madness within you, who you have always been told, would be the cause of your ostracism, and your expulsion, out of the herd.”
“-Have you ever thought about determinism? He continued and did not wait to hear the answer: In the past, humans believed that the eye sends a ray of light to bodies and sees them, then the Arab scholar Ibn Al-Haytham asked a logical question: If my eyes send a ray of light, why do I not see in the dark? Then he discovered that the eye is blind in its origin, a receiver and not a transmitter, it only sees when the light is reflected from the objects, so it picks up its reflection and does not send it. We understand determinism as we understand the sense of sight today, we receive it and do not send it, so we see that we are the subject and the deterministic object, we have no power before it, we have to receive it and submit to it, but what if our understanding of it is wrong?! As our understanding of the sense of sight was, while we think we receive determinism, we are in fact sending it. What if determinism had no existence, no reflection, and we were not designed to receive it but rather designed to make and transmit it. The general interpretation of determinism, on which all Muslims and non-Muslims agree, is that every event in the universe, including man’s perception and actions, is subject to a logical sequence of causes within a single continuum. Muslims say that God’s decree and predestination are pre-written and cannot be changed, but they struggle with the eternal question, if this was written for me in advance, then why would God punish me for something that I cannot change? Where is the justice in here! While unbelievers say it was nature, the laws of the universe, that created determinism, and they run into the zero-cause barrier, what is that cause that does not come from any cause? It resulted in the chain that created all causes. Muslims answer them, Cause Zero is neither a cause nor a causative, nor even a result, it is God, he was and will continue to exist, and the understanding of His nature is not within the limits of our mind, for it has no nature at all. The non-believers accuse them, that their inability to understand or know the nature of the Zero cause, made them create the idea of God in their minds, to relieve themselves of the trouble of searching. The entire dispute is based on the zero cause, assuming that determinism is a series written on us, we cannot change it, and we have no authority over it, but what if determinism is actually written on us, and we are the ones who wrote it in the first place, or perhaps we are writing it now.”
“Have you read about the Law of Attraction before? His believers say, that a person has what looks like broadcasting and receiving channels, and these channels transmit his thoughts to the universe, and his receivers receive the results and interact with him, he is part of it as everything else, affects and is affected, and the master here is the universe, and the reason is the person, they are his thoughts that decide the response of the universe to him, it will give him back what he thinks, and it will seek to implement it for him. If you are looking for an answer to a question that has puzzled you for a long time, all you have to do is think about it, and imagine that you will find the answer in some way, imagine that moment when you know it, and then leave it to the universe, it will come to you with the answer, as long as you broadcast the idea. Based on that, if you think about something that you hate to happen, if you think about it for a long time, it will inevitably happen to you, for the law does not differentiate between good and evil, what you want and what you hate, but rather what you think. In other words, the subconscious mind is fertile, uncultivated land, and the conscious mind or brain is a seed-sowing machine. What you think about is the kind of seeds that you will sow in your subconscious mind, and your harvest will be the result of what you sow, the more you think, you are like the one who waters and plows the land and nurtures it, and in the end, the universe will be the machine of the harvest, it will inevitably make your ideas a reality for you. This law has been strengthened in all religions and customs. In religion, God alerted us to the need to monitor our thoughts well, so he says in the honorable Prophetic hadith, “I am as my servant thinks of me,” meaning that if you think well of God, he will be with you as you think. If think that he will only send you all good, God will send it to you. In all religions you will find many texts saying like this, although this completely contradicts the law of determinism in religion, God has written everything in advance, and your belief in him will not change anything in your destiny, but even your thoughts themselves, including your good thinking of him It is something he already wrote to you. As for our ancestors, they said it from the reality of their inherited experiences, they said things like that the one who is afraid of something, it will happen to him. They summarized them in the form of popular examples, which you will find in various cultures. However, what if the believers in this law understand things from the perspective of the ancient human understanding of the sense of sight, we do not receive determinism, and the universe does not make it and does not respond to us with what we think, and we cannot change it with our thoughts, we have already drawn them in advance, and we have no escape today except for reaping what we sowed. An inevitability we managed at once, in one moment. He was silent for a moment, then added: Or perhaps, we are drawing the inevitable now, Ruslan, what if I did not exist in this world before you had a need for me? And somehow you made me, and gave me a whole life, with its memories, memories that make me feel like I have lived forty whole years, and make you feel this, you arranged them for me, and you created me, to answer all the questions I have always thought of. And while I feel like I am forty, in fact, it is one second, maybe a lot less. What if we had never met in Syria before, if you were not there, and you are still retreating in your hut on the hill, thinking about the empty, the unknown, and what happened next? It is nothing but an arrangement that you did, to transcend the authority of your mind, to get you to know the answers to everything that afflicts you, even if this life is a blank sheet of paper, you are the one who arrange it and draw it, step by step.”
“When does this happen! What about your conscious mind, your brain, which shows you the truth at its own whims, ignores the data of the senses as it wants, and interprets it as it wants, enslaves you, colonizes you, marginalizes yourself and your truth, to survive in the body and enjoy. -How does he do it? Do you need me to tell you? After we agreed, my friend, that physical and psychological torment makes you imagine things that do not exist, contrary to the truth, and who is the one who controls the transmission of nerve signals for pain? Who controls the hormones and secretion of those that control your psychological state? Who is capable of subjecting you to the worst kinds of physical and psychological torment, to make you think that the bird is a leaf, who has the full power to do this to you? If I had a description then, it would not be more accurate than the weapon of your subconscious mind, with which it fights that devil in your head, its way to answer, find me, arrange my whole life, so that it can transcend your brain’s control over you.”
“dating question -What do you want from this world? -To have a wardrobe. In his first meeting with Katrina, she asked him a dating question, and his answer was unconventional, he wished he could buy a wardrobe, in which he put his belongings, a metaphor for the instability in his life, so how does he do this, while he is without a homeland, without a home, moving from place to another, carrying a bag containing a few of his personal belongings. About to cheat on Khadija, the curiosity in the intelligence man’s mind overpowered him, the desire for knowledge, exploration, information, and a thirst for more details, the smallest details. Plan the process with the mentality of a computer programmer, “I will leave them a loophole in the system, they will hack me through it, and to do this they have to open their doors to send their code, and at this very moment, I am sending my code in the opposite direction. The most vulnerable account devices to hack are the hackers themselves. They enter the systems through special ports, which are opened to them by the so-called Trojan horse, a type of virus, with which they target the victim, open loopholes for them, infiltrate through them, and in both cases, they, in turn, have to open ports on their devices to complete the connection, from which they can be hacked backward. Katrina is a Trojan horse, he will not close the ports in front of her, she must succeed in penetrating him, and she will be his bridge connecting them, he will sneak through her, to the most secret and terrifying place in the world, a journey that leads him to the island of Malta, to enter the inevitable den. This is how the minds of investigators and intelligence men work, they must open the outlets of their minds to the fullest, to collect information, receive it, and deal with it, and that is why their minds are the most vulnerable to penetration, manipulation, and passing misleading information to them. It is almost impossible to convince a simple man, that there is life outside the planet, the outlets of his mind are closed, he is not interested in knowledge, nor is he collecting information, and the task of entering him is difficult, they call him the mind of the crocodile, a mind that is solid, closed, does not affect anything and is not affected by anything, He has his own convictions, he never changes them. While scientists, curious, intellectuals, investigators, and intelligence men, the ports of their minds are always open. And just as hackers can penetrate websites by injecting their URL addresses with programming phrases, they can implant their code into the website’s database, and pull information from it. The minds of such people can also be injected, with special codes, some of them have their minds ready for injection, and one or two injections are sufficient to prepare for the next stage, and for some, dozens of injections are not enough, and some of them injected their minds themselves, by meditation, thinking, and focusing on details, as Ruslan did. Khadija did not need more than three injections, but he trusted the love that brought them together, there is no need, she knew a lot about him in advance, and she will trust him and believe him. Her mind would not be able to get her away, or so he wished, the woman’s madness had not been given its due. What he is about to do now, and the revenge videos that she is going to receive will remain in her head forever, and will be her brain’s weapon to escape, when he tries to get her out of the box. From an early age, he did not enjoy safety and stability, he lived in the midst of hurricanes of chaos, and the heart of randomness. He became the son of shadows and their master. He deserved the nickname he called himself “Son of Chaos.”
“Like a shepherd and sheep, its principle is simple, redirection towards the obligatory path, and speaking of Ozcan, he is the most proficient in this game. Watch the professionals do it in the reorientation of functional organizations. There is no need to recruit them all, it is enough for them to do what a shepherd does with a flock of sheep; blocking the roads in front of them, putting a dog in one place, standing and waving his stick in another place, to force them to take the path he wants, towards the barn. And if you spoke to one of them, it would swear to you that it is going the way it wants, which it chose with its full will, or chosen for them by their leader at the forefront of the herd, who knows the secrets of the ways, believing that they go the way they want. He decided that he should play the game according to its laws since they are sheep, so do not try to address them or convince them, but rather direct them to where you want. He did not know anything about deterministic algorithms at the time, his decision was based on his innate, something inside him. He succeeded, however, by making a butterfly flutter, far away. Some straying out of the Shepherd’s path, then another artificial flutter associated with the first to accelerate the process, and then a third, and a fourth, then the chaos ensued, and the hurricanes blew up all the inevitable of Alpha Headquarters. A butterfly fluttered where no one was watching, he studied and planned it carefully. Words by a revolutionary Palestinian poet, Mahmoud Darwish, summarized the whole story… Throw a stone into the stagnant water, rivers will break out Ring your bells in the kingdom of silence and sing your anthem And let the wall of fear break into dust like pottery”
“Classification and then reduction, the mind’s strongest weapon against conscience, if it wants to relieve your conscience to kill innocents, it would classify them within a group and include with them those who deserve death in its view, then reduce all the small details into generalities, and ignore them. As it will not fail a trick, to make the killing of children and women an inevitable necessity, towards a higher goal and a better world. Thus began the story of Baibars himself, nearly twenty years ago, when the extremist organization decided to classify the entire American people as one group, ignoring that the number of Muslims killed by Muslims themselves was many times greater than those killed because of American policies in the Middle East, and then decided that the destruction of their opponents in the Middle East. The destruction of the World Trade Center in Manhattan. Their minds reduced all the details; a child playing in his father’s office, a girl waiting for her mother’s return, a wife on the plane eager to meet her husband, their conscience did not hesitate for a moment to kill thousands of innocent people, for the sake of their ultimate goal. And so did America itself, when it decided to avenge its murderers, categorized, reduced, and shot everyone. Its pilots saw neither the children nor the families in the homes they were about to demolish over their heads. So did Hitler, Napoleon, Hulagu, and every serial killer known to mankind. It makes you like a pilot driving a plane, throwing a bomb over the houses, not seeing the trace of what it did on the ground, and if he carried it with his hand and walked in the streets, and watched the children, women, the innocent, who would fall dead from this bomb, he would not detonate it, but he only sees houses that look like matchboxes from the sky, general picture, no details. Satan’s most powerful weapon for controlling the mind, or the most powerful weapon of the mind to control us, and at some point, it masters it, to the point where it no longer needs to justify, reduce, or categorize anything, kill your opponents, and all their offspring, destroy them, burn them, leave none of them. Since many minds are tools in the hands of Satan, it can manipulate them as it wants. Since its working mechanisms have become known to him, Baibars decided, why not? Why do not we make them tools for good. He used Satan’s own style, manipulated everyone, and at times, reduced, but according to his laws, do not reduce the innocent. He is not afraid, he made his decision in the war, and whoever made this decision must bear the consequences of it. He wished time would go back a thousand or two thousand years and freeze there, where the wars between human beings were fought with swords and arrows, at that time, not many innocents fell, only soldiers who made their decision in advance to war, to kill, knowing that they might die. Everyone had the time and the ability to think, make decisions, and even escape. While today, most of the victims of wars do not make a decision, they pay with their lives without anyone asking them if they want to be part of this war at all. Cities are bombed and destroyed over the heads of their inhabitants, and most of them reject this war from the beginning. When someone detonates a bomb in a mall, he does not ask the victims of his bombing about their political stances, their religion, and even if they want to be part of this war, and so do the planes, they do not ask, and their victims have no opportunity to make a decision. As for him, Baibars, he made up his mind It is to fight in defense of those who did not have the opportunity to take it.”
“He is schizophrenic, this is how he was diagnosed with the CIA, and his schizophrenia is his strength, he comes out of a personality, directly impersonating a new one, a completely different one, which he experiences as if he had in it for his whole life. This is every professional agent’s strong point, but it comes at such a high price that it in many cases often ends up in a whiff of insanity. Therefore, they must be monitored and psychologically evaluated on a periodic basis. The last thing the agency wants is a suicidal agent with a message exposing many secrets, or a biased towards their opponents, or a madman circling the streets babbling from here and there. It takes its responsibilities towards them, these people suffer a lot, and the more they train, the more they work, the more professional they become, and the crazier they are. But there was something different about him, which Alex did not miss. Not that schizophrenia that she knew; When sitting with him, talking to him, all the paper reports seem as if they were written about a different person, as if deep down another person about whom no one knows anything yet, and as if all these characters he played are one character as if everything grows from inside him. What she was most concerned about is whether he is honest in being an intelligence agent, or is it a role he plays, as are the dozens of roles he played and plays for the agency. Many doubts revolve around him, officers were unable to manage him, and deal with him. The agency changed the liaison officer with him every few months, he is somewhat out of control, but at the same time, it is unable to terminate his services. The closer the agency got to making that decision, the more he did something that made them stick to it more, creative, distinct, and innovative, that we cannot easily let go of. Until Alex arrived, the only liaison officer he had worked with for years. His condition stabilized, he was no longer that mysterious brawler, she understood him completely, she threw all the reports, papers, and opinions behind her back, and dealt with him directly, without barriers. He was not simply pretending, he was not acting, he was really him. Every character he played, every lie he lied, every mess he made, it was him, without acting. And he said to her, they are all composite characters. If you look at each character, you will find something that connects them to the other, that they are like cubes, I build them on top of each other, I do not play them. What you need is to look at the details, and you will find a fine thread connecting them. He trusted her, and so did she. She became his friend, perhaps the only one in this world until Katrina entered his life. She knows nothing of what happened to him lately, but she knows that man deep inside him at the bottom of the pyramid of the cubes, “he will not hurt me, I trusted him before, I trust him today, his chivalry will not accept treachery, not of this kind, he will not do it”.”
“What is the truth, but a disguised lie! His slogan, which he has always worked with; as it has no meaning in this world, rather it does not exist, everything is relative, so what is for me an irrefutable truth may be for others just an illusion. Each sees from his angle and according to the amount of data that his mind receives from the surrounding environment, and the result that the mentality deduced from linking and analyzing these data, is the truth then. What if we have the ability to manipulate the data? Then the truth becomes in our hands as a piece of dough, we shape it as we like, and sometimes, out of the perfection of the lie, when the truth appears, no one believes it. If the truth suits the desires and orientations of the mind, then it becomes your help to its owner, a loyal and obedient soldier in your hands, and whenever you whip it with many details, it decides to ignore them, and under pressure it will fill the gaps with the invented story on his own occurred. Good suspicion, misunderstanding, complicated matter, forgetfulness, trust, are all tools and justifications to bridge these gaps, then it realizes that its salvation from this torment is by believing the generalities of what it sees, and the conclusion, the final, is the truth. But before confronting Satan with its greatest weapon, you must first whip your mind, have it at your command, then you will be able to weave the greatest truth, not subject to criticism, nor denial from the angle that the victim sees.”
“A hundred men lived inside him, somehow managed to absorb all the contradictions, reincarnated many personalities, committed more crimes against himself, used dozens of names, and lost his name in the crowd. He was struck by chaos, polished by randomly, wrestled with him and wrestled with it, wrestled with it until he tamed it, and he became its brother, friend, and son.”
“The Test of Death -Would you believe someone you trust and swear to tell you the truth? -No -Why? -He may say what he thinks is the truth, which is not so, and I believe that the truth is not given, but taken, snatched, you have to fight to get it, the truth is not free. – We sent you to carry out a dangerous, sensitive task, a matter of life or death, and we sent someone you know is a deceiver and a liar to share it with you, we do not trust him either, but we need him? Do you accept it with him? -Maybe yes and maybe no -How? -Trust here has no place, even if I trust him, I may not implement it with him, and I may implement it with someone I do not trust, everyone in a certain circumstance has the ability of betrayal and treachery, as they have the capacity for honesty and sincerity, I will not trust anyone with a dangerous operation like this, but I will trust the plan; if the plan had taken all possibilities into consideration, including the possibilities of treachery, and if we put alternative plans in case of emergency, I would trust the plan itself, and implement it with those whose presence is required. -What is brainwashing? -It is a radical transformation of ideas in a short period of time, without a convincing reason or explanation. – How does the process work? -The primitive method is by coercive means, such as physical or psychological torture, to implant thoughts directly into the victim’s head. -What is the most advanced method? -By manipulating the surrounding environment of the victim, and passing ideas into his brain indirectly, to convince him that it is the product of chance, or for supernatural reasons such as your pre-written destiny, or that God has chosen you for this moment, and the more convincing the environment, and the more serendipitous, the quality of the process better. -How do you know you are being brainwashed? -I watch my thoughts, if I suddenly decide to switch them without a clear and convincing reason, and within a short period of time, then I have to study the changes in the environment around me, new people, targeted ads on social media, random videos, and everything around me seem to happen by chance It is directly or indirectly related to new ideas. Then research and focus, analyze and elicit, to try and discover the process. -What is long-term brainwashing? -A traditional brainwashing process, but it takes a relatively long time, such as repeating the idea to be cultivated weekly instead of repeating it daily, and this happens if the victim is intelligent and careful observation, so the process is done carefully and slowly so as not to discover it. -Which is more powerful, short-term or long-term brainwashing? -The short; the mind quickly ignores, when passing the idea in separate periods of time, it ignores the old ones, and buries them away in its memory, thus their impact decreases, so we are forced to plant the idea a thousand times instead of a hundred, to increase the momentum and compensate for the lack of influence of the old ideas, and with the presence of spaced periods of time when the process takes a long time, and the chance of discovering the target becomes greater. -What is a mind injection, and how is it done? -It is the process of implanting the ideas that are required to be implanted in it, in direct or indirect ways, and each has its own method and method of injection, some of them rush and some of them take longer than the necessary time, and in both cases, the injection does not take its desired effect, but it is possible that the effect is completely reversed. -How do you know that the injection process is going well? -The new and reprehensible reactions of the victim, especially the spontaneous ones. Which is issued near the end of the injection process.”
“-What is the mind’s physical reaction to the injection process? – Sometimes its reaction is by making a feeling of headache and numbness in the head, or the desire to sleep, confusion, and of course the memories, but we cannot rely on them. Even if it was not subjected to an injection. In any case, the successful injection process must be done without the mind knowing, and pass without being aware of it. -How many failed brainwashing have you done? -Zero. -How many successful operations? -Zero. A long moment of silence. The psychiatrist looked into his eyes! She knows that he succeeded in all his operations! Unexpected answer. -Why do you say that you failed in all operations? -I did not say that I failed, I said that I succeeded in zero operations -What is the difference? – They are all still alive, as far as I know, the operation is done, but I do not know which of them might discover the trick at the last moment of my life. – Anything new in your private life? women? Friends maybe? -No, they are all superficial relationships, except for Katrina -Why do you refuse to let someone close into your life? -They ask a lot, and I do not like to give answers, you are an exception, of course -What is on your mind the most right now? -Do things happen because I think of them, or do I think of them because they will happen? -Why? -Because for a week I have been thinking that you will come to meet me, did my thoughts bring you here, or did I somehow sense your presence? -What is the Sixth Sense? -It does not exist, our five senses receive an enormous number of notes, and details daily, our conscious mind cannot prevent their reception, but it can ignore them, stores them very far away without alerting us to them, to relieve itself from the trouble of dealing with them, and when we feel that something is going to happen, it is caused by it. Our subconscious mind analyzes and elicits billions of billions of details stored in it, giving us the result in the form of a feeling, to be able to transcend the power of our conscious mind, we have to take these feelings seriously and force our conscious mind to explain their cause, and return to memory and prove it. -What are the conscious mind and the subconscious mind? -The names are incorrect, but they are customary to call them like this. I prefer to call the conscious mind the mechanical mind or the brain, and the subconscious mind with consciousness, for the brain is nothing but a mechanical machine, while the subconscious mind, in fact, is consciousness itself, perhaps the soul. -Why do you talk about the brain, the subconscious mind, the soul, and you, as if you are different entities from each other? – I do not believe that I am this body, I am something inside it, perhaps I am condemned from another world to imprisonment in it, as a punishment for a sin I committed there, and perhaps with my death, my sentence ends. -So, you see that you are something different from spirit and consciousness? -No, we are all one, we cannot be separated, I am the soul, and the subconscious mind is consciousness, and it is mine, while the brain is the property of the body, or the body is its property. -What is the most frightening thing about death? – Everyone lies, the religious, and the non-religious, they all lie about their greatest fear of death, Muslims fear Hell and its torment, this is true, but if their choice is between eternity in Hell under torment, or total annihilation, nothing, they will choose the first option. That what frightens us most in Death is complete unconsciousness, becoming nothing, as if we did not exist, simply disappearing and having no awareness, any sense of anything, forever. -Why would you choose torment over annihilation? -Because I will somehow adapt to it, we humans are able to adapt in all circumstances, and always have enough hope to be patient with them.”
“-Do you sleep well? -Yes, if I sleep, I do not wake up until after my body needs sleep, but the problem lies in reaching the stage of sleep. As soon as I put my body to bed, bouts of terror and fear begin. -Fear of what? -From losing consciousness, for my senses to stop, and I lose my sense of time, and the world around me, it becomes like I am nothing, the world around me moves, things change, and I do not know anything about them, this idea makes me crazy, to the point of crying, then I fall asleep or faint Perhaps, out of concern. He was silent for a moment, then added: I wish this world were without sleep, but my mind, my body, needs it, but I see no need for it. His last psychological evaluation session was over. The doctor approached him and began removing the polygraph sensors from his body. Now he has to wait for his final result. Until that time, many places on the island of Malta are worth a visit, especially accompanied by a beautiful Ukrainian girl like Katrina. So far from Adana, and back in time on the imaginary timeline. But for Baibars, everything happens in one moment.”
“The Son of a vacuum Among the tall trees he sat lost, broken, alone again, among a number of illegal immigrants, he raised his head to him without fear, as nothing in this world is worth attention. -He said: I am not a hero; I am nothing but a child looking for Eid. The Turkmen of Iraq, are the descendants of Turkish immigrants to Mesopotamia through successive eras of history. Before and after the establishment of the Ottoman Empire, countries crossed from here, and empires that were born and disappeared, and still, preserve their Turkish identity. Although, after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire and the division of the Arab world, they now live in one of its countries. Kirkuk, one of the heavens of God on earth, is one of the northern governorates of Iraq in which they live. The Kurdish race is shared with them, a race out of many in Iraq. Two children of two different ethnicities, playing in a village square in Kirkuk province when the news came from Baghdad, of a new military coup. Without delay, Saddam Hussein took over the reins of power, and faster than that, Iraq was plunged into successive wars that began in 1980 with its neighbor Iran, a war that lasted eight years. Iraq barely rested for two years, and in the third, a new war in Kuwait, which did not end in the best condition as the leader had hoped, as he was expelled from it after the establishment of an international coalition to liberate it, led by the United States of America. Iraq entered a new phase of suffering, a siege that lasted more than ten years, and ended up with the removal of Saddam Hussein from his power followed by the US occupation of it in 2003. As the father goes, he returns from this road, there is no way back but from it. As the date approaches, the son stands on the back of that hill waiting for him to return. From far away he waved a longing, with a bag of dreams in his hands, a bag of candy in his pocket, and a poem of longing by a Turkmen poet who absorb Arabic, whose words danced on his lips, in his heart. -When will you come back, dad? -On the Eid, wait for me on the hill, you will see me coming from the road, waving, carrying your gifts. The father bid his son farewell to the Arab Shiite city of Basra, on the border with Iran, after the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war, as the homeland is calling its men, or perhaps the leader is calling his subjects. In Iraq, as in many countries of the Arab world, the homeland is the leader, and the leader is the homeland. Months passed, the child eagerly anticipating the coming of the feast, but the father hurried to return without an appointment, loaded on the shoulders, the passion reached its extent in the martyr’s chest, with a sheet of paper in his pocket on which he wrote: Every morning takes me nostalgic for you, to the jasmine flower, oh, melody in the heart, oh balm I sip every while, To you, I extend a hand and a fire that ignites in the soul a buried love, night shakes me with tears in my eyes, my longing for you has shaped me into dreams, stretching footsteps to the left and to the right, gleam, calling out for me, you scream, waking me up to the glimpse of the light of life in your face, a thousand sparkles, in your eyes, a meaning of survival, a smile, and a glace, Eid comes to you as a companion, without, life yet has no trace, for roses, necklaces of love, so that you amaze. -Where is Ruslan? On the morning of the feast day, at the door of his house, the kids asked his mother, -with tears in her eyes: He went to meet his father. A moment of silence fell over the children, -Raman, with a little gut: Aunt, do you mean he went to the cemetery? -Mother: He went to meet him at those hills.”
“Rushing toward his friend as if he races the pain races to him, struggles with sorrow. Raman crossed the green fields between them. Since they met, they did not part, and they vowed not to do so. -“I will not leave him alone, I will be his father, brother, and friend”, this is how he took a vow to himself when he saw his friend crying and complaining about his father’s departure to war. Thus, he renewed the covenant on the day he saw him silent and alone, with his mother placing in his hands the farewell poem. A hand patted his shoulder, wrapped towards him, and hugged him – my friend, he is gone. – he will come back, Raman, my father promised me that he will come back on Eid morning. – Ruslan, he can’t keep this promise anymore. Now, it is Eid, let’s play and have fun. – No, Eid will never come unless my father comes, Eid will never come unless my father comes.”
“Comparison -He continued: Comparison exists in everything material and immaterial, when you stand in front of the library shelf to buy a book on a subject, you look at the author’s name first, to compare the quality of his presentation with the fame of his writer. When you enter a café, you look at the people in it, associating its importance with the importance of the customers, their looks, their clothing brand, and their watches. I know a café in Vienna, that you are not allowed to enter unless you wear specific clothing brands, and its prices are very high, although the coffee in it tastes bad, yet everyone sees it as an excellent coffee. These two papers are of the same color, you will not see them, not because they do not reflect light, or because they are colorless, but because there is no frame of reference on which the mind can rely to distinguish between them. He bent the little one to stick out its tip: but now, you have another frame of reference, this bend exposed it. Just because you see something when you do not have a proper frame of reference to base it on does not mean it does not exist. He smiled and looked him straight in the eye: just as you did not see that Roman worker on the bridge, it does not mean he does not exist.”
“The fact of zero He added nonstop: Did you know that zero was not used throughout human history! Until 781 A.D, when it was first embodied and used in arithmetic equations by the Arab scholar Al-Khwarizmi, the founder of algebra. Algorithms took their name from him, and they are algorithmic arithmetic equations that you have to follow as they are and you will inevitably get the result, the inevitable result. And before that, across tens and perhaps hundreds of thousands of years, humans refused to deal with zero. While the first reference to it was in the Sumerian civilization, where inscriptions were found three thousand years ago in Iraq, in which the Sumerians indicated the existence of something before the one, they refused to deal with it, define it and give it any value or effect, they refused to consider it a number. All these civilizations, some of which we are still unable to decipher many of their codes, such as the Pharaonic civilization that refused to deal with zero! We see them as smart enough to build the pyramids with their miraculous geometry and to calculate the orbits of stars and planets with extreme accuracy, but they are very stupid for not defining zero in a way that they can deal with, and use it in arithmetic operations, how strange this really is! But in fact, they did not ignore it, but gave it its true value, and refused to build their civilizations on an unknown and unknown illusion, and on a wrong arithmetical frame of reference. Throughout their history, humans have looked at zero as the unknown, they refused to define it and include it in their calculations and equations, not because it has no effect, but because its true effect is unknown, and remaining unknown is better than giving it a false effect. Like the wrong frame of reference, if you rely on it, you will inevitably get a wrong result, and you will fall into the inevitability of error, and if you ignore it, your chance of getting it right remains. Throughout their history, humans have preferred to ignore zero, not knowing its true impact, while we simply decided to deal with it, and even rely on it. Today we build all our ideas, our civilization, our software, mathematics, physics, everything, on the basis that 1 + 0 equals one, because we need to find the effect of zero so that our equations succeed, and our lives succeed with, but what if 1 + 0 equals infinity?! Why did we ignore the zero in summation, and did not ignore it in multiplication?! 1×0 equals zero, why not one? What is the reason? He answered himself: There is no inevitable reason, we are not forced. Humans have lived throughout their ages without zero, and it did not mean anything to them. Even when we were unable to devise any result that fits our theorems for the quotient of one by zero, then we admitted and said unknown, and ignored it, but we ignored the logic that a thousand pieces of evidence may not prove me right, and one proof that proves me wrong. Not doing our math tables in the case of division, blowing them up completely, and with that, we decided to go ahead and built everything on that foundation. We have separated the arithmetic tables in detail at our will, to fit our calculations, and somehow separate the whole universe around us to fit these tables, despite their obvious flaws. And if we decide that the result of one multiplied by zero is one instead of zero, and we reconstruct the whole world on this basis, what will happen? He answered himself: Nothing, we will also succeed, the world, our software, our thoughts, our dealings, and everything around us will be reset according to the new arithmetic tables. After a few hundred years, humans will no longer be able to understand that one multiplied by zero equals zero, but that it must be one because everything is built on this basis.”
“the original color of the apple -Ozcan: So, it is nothing. Imagine that we live in a world of matter, with no color, no taste, no smell, no touch, no sound. Our five senses cannot receive any information about it. So, we live in nothing, our minds decide what it is, and our need to communicate has created languages, terms, and common concepts. I may see and hear nothing but what you see and hear, but we have agreed on terms and concepts that unite us on them. Ozcan added: But nothing is still a thing, our five senses restrict us, perhaps if we had five additional senses to receive the data of this nothing, our minds would interpret it, and deal with it. We need additional senses to receive data that we do not know anything about. Ten senses, for example? Are they enough? What if the nature of this substance needs an extra sense yet? Well, a hundred senses? What if the right sense is not among them? In the end, we do not need a large number of senses, but rather the appropriate sense to receive the necessary data about this substance. The next question, Ruslan: What if we got this sense, and then our mind rejected the reality of matter for some reason? And decided not to interpret the data correctly? Or ignored it? As it often does with our five senses. -What is deafness? -A defect in the ear, due to which the mind does not receive any information about sounds. -But sometimes the mind simply decides to ignore sounds despite receiving data. When it is engaged in something, for example, sleeping, our minds often receive sounds and decide to ignore them, just like that, even though there is no hearing impairment. Sight, touch, taste, smell, the mind can ignore its input if it so desires. He looked directly into his eyes, and advanced towards him a little, he said in a tone of ambiguity: But what if we already have this appropriate sense, Ruslan, but our minds interpret their data at will. Or decided to ignore it completely for some reason. And what is this sense? Let’s agree to call it zero sense. The sense through which we can receive the data of the original color of the apple”
“Love! How many legends were organized for it? It was said that it is the most mysterious human feeling that pushes us to do things we are not ready for and heedless of us. Despite the reality, and the difficulties, we do the impossible, and in the name of love, we do miracles. Just legends but the truth is that history did not mention that any miracle has happened thanks to love. Myths, of which there is no use but our consolation, and the justification of our blind rush behind unjustified, incomprehensible feelings, to do what we were not ready to do, and then we pay the price with a reassuring conscience, and with a comfortable mind, in the name of love. If we analyze these feelings, love, anger, hate, tranquility, fear, we will find that they are another face of pain, just chemical reactions inside our bodies, and hormones controlled by our mind, it decides when to kindle the fire of love in us, and when to make hate blind us. If you know how to motivate the mind to produce the hormone needed to produce the desired emotions, then you do not have to talk about anything anymore. It is all your emotions, which are yours. This inevitably makes human feelings subject to causation in the universe, unless our feelings are from another world, not causal. Therefore, the most magical words remain, those that come out of the mouth of a lover describing his love for his lover, “I love you without reason.” This is the impossibility desired, and in the subconscious, these words have charm and glamour, and the tongue of the lover says, “My love for you is not from this causal world, neither the color of your hair, nor your eyes, nor your body, nor your sweet voice, nor your way of speaking, nor anything that you possess is a reason why I love you, because my love for you is not causal, does not belong to this world.” A lie loved by the mind of the lovers, a legend among the millions which says, that nothing in this world can anticipate the feelings and moods of human beings before they occur, and more precisely, the private feelings and fluctuations, of an individual, to be precise, and not just of a large group of people, the more we try to customize it, the more difficult it becomes. And where the indicators of the collective mind, the demagogue, can give us an idea of the general direction and the future fluctuations of a society or group of people, not because of a weakness in the lines of defense of feelings, but rather because we know that the mob, the collective mind, and the herd, will force many to follow it, even if it violates what they feel, what they want at their core. The mind is designed for survival, and you know that survival’s chances are stronger with the stronger group, the more number, it will secrete all the necessary hormones, to force you to follow the herd. However, the feelings assigned to a particular person remain an impossible task, so many people are able to deceive each other by showing signs of expected trends and fluctuations that contradict the reality of what they feel. Humans and scientists have treated it as something unpredictable, coming from another world, a curse on science, as if it were a whiff of a magical spell cast on us from the immemorial. But in fact, emotions are causal, and every cause has a causative. Like everything else in this world, the laws of chaos and randomness apply to them. They can be accurately predicted, formulated into mathematical equations, and even manipulated. All it takes is to have something that contains all the cosmic events, a number we did not imagine, starting with the flutter of a butterfly, a breath of air, temperatures across the universe, a word a man says to his son, a donkey’s kick, a rabbit’s jump, and ending with the movement of stars and planets, and cosmic explosions, and beyond, and able to deal with them, and with the hierarchical possibilities of their occurrence.”
“Then all events will become for you, a past that has passed and ended, and their occurrence is inevitable unless you intervene to change them, and manipulate them, but first, you need to know what their new shape will look like, and most importantly, where and how powerful will be the needed change to bring about the required change, in order to reset the scene, rearrange the occurrence of events, and the consequences of changing the hierarchy of their intersection. If you kill a butterfly, it will not flap its wings in the next hour, and what may result from this negligible change, may be the end of all humanity, or the occurrence of a horrific massacre, in which millions of people are killed without sin, except that they are religious, or farmers, or those with longer noses, just like holistically. He is on a date with the answer as the Alpha headquarters have proof of this.”
“chaos in her eyes Sitting with Christine, thinking about the chaos in her eyes, his emotional chaos, plotting to lure her out for a weekend of love, he wished in a chaotic, physical logic,” I wish I could count the number of causes and their probabilities that affect your feelings about me and that will determine what kind of answer I get if I ask you out for a date.” -What? What is that you just said? (An internal voice). By knowing the causes and the probabilities of the order in which they occur, you predict emotions Is that possible? Can we treat human emotions like the weather? Are there sensors to measure our emotions across time points in our history from which we can predict our future actions and their impact on us and others? Is there a computer with enormous capacity that can collect, analyze, and predict them? Do human emotions fall within this randomness? Throughout their history, physicists have rejected the idea of a relationship between human emotions and the surrounding world. Emotions are incomprehensible, they cannot be expected, what cannot be expected cannot be measured, what cannot be measured cannot be formulated into equations, and what cannot be formulated into equations, screw it, reject it, get rid of it, it is not part of this world. These ideas were acceptable to physicists in the past before we knew that we can control the effect of randomness to some extent through control sciences, and predict it by collecting a huge amount of data through special sensors and analyzing it. What affects when a plane arrives? Wind speed and direction? Our motors compensate for this unwanted turbulence. A lightning strike could destroy it? Our lightning rods control this disturbance and neutralize its danger. Running out of fuel? We have fuel meter indicators. Engine failure? We have alternative solutions for an emergency landing. All fall under the category of control sciences, But what about the basic building blocks of an airplane model during its flight? Humans themselves! A passenger suddenly felt dizzy, and felt ill, did the pilot decide to change his destination to the nearest airport? Another angry person caused a commotion, did he cause the flight to be canceled? Our emotions are part of this world, affect it, and can be affected by, interact with. Since we can predict chaos if we have the tools to collect, measure, and analyze it, and since we can neutralize its harmful effects through control science, thus, we can certainly do the same to human emotions as we do with weather and everything else that we have been able to predict and neutralize its undesirable effect. But would we get the desired results? nobody knows… -“Not today, not today, Robert”, he spoke to himself. – If you can’t do it today, you can’t do it for a lifetime, all you have to do now is simply to ask her out and let her chaos of feelings take you wherever she wants. Unconsciously, about to make the request, his phone rang, the caller being his mother and the destination being Tel Aviv. Standing next to Sheikh Ruslan at the building door, this wall fascinated him. -The universe worked in some parts of its paint even to the point of entropy, which it broke, so it painted a very beautiful painting, signed by its greatest law, randomness. If Van Gogh was here, he would not have a nicer one. Sheikh Ruslan knocked on the door, they heard the sound of footsteps behind him, someone opened a small window from it, as soon as he saw the Sheikh until he closed it immediately, then there was a rattle in the stillness of the alley, iron locks opening. Here Robert booked a front-row seat for the night with the absurd, illogic and subconscious.”
“Plastic Painting He smiled as he looked at the studio in the outer hall, each of these paintings she painted here, enjoying very much observing them immersed in the colors. Her spiritual intelligence is high, as every other plastic artist, he holds the paint brush, and does things, lines and colors, he does not know what he is doing, or what he wants, he only paints, his hand and mind are just a tool, and something else inside him moves it. At the end, their paintings are sold at the most expensive price. She once told him, the reason for the distinction of fine art is that the painter paints with his soul, not with his hands. And every time she grabbed her brush and started doing things on the canvas, he felt her telling the story of his life, he just always did things, he did not know why and what would result be, but he just wanted to do them. His motto when things come down is, go with the wind, let it take you where it wants to go. He stood before a mediocre painting, a bridge suspended in the sky, punctuated by chaotic colors, a bit of haphazard smoke, and what seemed to be flying leaves. When she painted this painting, she stood in front of it for a whole day, she almost went crazy, the painting was complete but something was missing in it. In the end, it was this deficiency that relieved her of finding it, a red dot in the lower-left corner of the painting! It fell right under what appeared to be a leaf. That is crazy, it was actually completed by it!”
“Their fight is not against me and you only, but against all humanity, they are afraid of something we do not know! They know, Robert, they know where we come from, where we are going, but they do not want us to know that. Perhaps the first humans knew, and over the years, Satan gained control over us and began to distort our goals in this life, until we became what we are, mere slaves to imaginary systems created by their minds. Nationalities, religions, cultures, races, and everything noble in this world, are distorted by our minds to become a cause of division and a source of conflict and clash, internal wars in which people of the same nationality kill each other due to differences in skin color, or the length of the nose! Watch the march of technical and scientific development! When scientists were able to probe the mysteries of space, this turned into a source of conflict between the great powers! And instead of uniting to go further, their minds froze as we arrived, around the Earth, investing all these technologies in spying, encryption, and communications satellites, to protect ourselves from ourselves! We were drained as well as our time and resources in side struggles. Atomic, nuclear, and hydrogen energy, instead of focusing most of our focus on becoming a source of scientific exploration and jumping towards finding answers, their minds have devised to become an arms race to threaten each other and annihilate each other! The bulk of the discovery has been frozen in Bombs and Weapons! Why does a country have thousands of nuclear and hydrogen bombs? What is the purpose of pushing all these capabilities on this huge number of bombs? A hundred hydrogen bombs are enough to destroy the earth and those on it, but it has become a source of attrition. They are like parasites, Robert, whose job it is to seize control of every discovery, invention, and idea, which will advance us forward, lay their hands on them, freeze and drain them in strife, divisions, and competition with their supposed opponents. Humans do not fight for food or life, they fight for distraction, attrition, and all the other reasons you may hear, beliefs, ideologies, and racism, they are all just excuses our minds have been able to find to mislead us, they are nothing but a cover to hide the reality of our permanent occupation in infighting. We are of three types: A few are enlightened, they control their minds, but they are marginalized, warriors, they have no means. Most are absent, savages, busy with their daily sustenance, tools used by Satan to suppress the few who are enlightened. And the few that Satan has control over them, those who control everything around us, they enslave us. A vast secret purge that takes place in secret, whoever understands, realizes, decides to get out of the box, his fate is in the army of Satan, or death, they will take him to their secret societies, to become one of their soldiers, or get rid of him. They are not ghosts, Robert, they are among us, they have headquarters in various parts of the world, and internal laws, and ranks and ranks of their associates, and internal order. I am not talking about a secret group whose name you have previously heard, blown up by the media, like Freemasonry. No, it is not like this. These groups are nothing but distractions for our work on them, so we keep looking in the wrong place. He was afraid of her words, and he was afraid of what was happening around him recently, and he feared for her, she seemed to believe in every letter of it as if she was repeating a speech she was told, which she memorized by heart. What scared me the most, was that everything she said sounded like Mousa said, quite logical…”
“The purpose of our life is twofold: to abide by the laws of the Universe, and to awaken spiritually.”
“Life isn't about never looking back. It's about looking back with gratitude for making it this far.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and looking around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and watch around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“How do you control your mind? How do you find a middle between truth and delusion? It may interest you that if you go too far on truth, you may get disappointed in God, in your life, in any beliefs, and even in your mother that gave birth to you. But what if you go too far on delusion?" He stopped and made a thoughtful face. Precop continued, "If you go too far on delusion, you will go crazy and find the darkest hell inside of your inner mind, provided by your own mind. I've been there, trust me. It is so dark that till now I am not sure if you're real or I am just talking to myself.”
“The Divine is revealing itself to us every day. All we have to do is pay attention.”
“Birth the perfection of sacred pressure,Life the beginning of times age and Death the humility of dusted ground”
“It would be a much more blooming world if we share with others whatever good we have in us.”
“The absence of meaning in life is the absence of life.”
“There’s a great joy in living a life others rarely understand.”
“Fear of being alone forces people to stay with an unfaithful partner.”
“Some people create a rainbow; others curse the sky. That’s how life goes.”
“To get more out of your time at work, you should set goals. This helps you to stay focused better and gives you something more to work towards.”
“The leaf dances so beautifully in the air that we think it will never fall to the ground; that's just how life is, the leaf falls to the ground despite all that magic dance and illusion it creates!”
“Maddox refuses to free his demons because without them, he’s worried he won’t know who he is.”
“Sometimes life’s most important moments begin with the casting of a seed, a small, uncertain act whose full significance becomes apparent only much later.”
“Life owes you nothing. It is a gift given without promises.”
“A no from someone is the way to a yes for something better in your life.”
“Life is a divine play, it's non-purposive. Just enjoy the stage and its characters.”
“Being a Good Person Doesn’t get you Loved, it gets you used.”
“No one is sorry for how they’ve treated you. They will only show remorse after you gain the power to ruin their lives.”
“The best way to learn is by watching other people make mistakes and try things”
“We often think happiness comes from the situations in our lives, when it actually comes from the way we choose to relate to the situations in our lives.”
“Always live your life with gratitude. That’s how the light comes into your life.”
“No matter how small, every life has a soul.”
“I can sympathize with everything except suffering", said Lord Henry, shrugging his shoulders. "I cannot symphatize with that. It is too ugly, too horrible, too distressing. There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathize with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores, the better.”
“We have to fight many battles in our life. Life is not a one-battle game.”
“There is nothing more to reveal. Our lives lie bare and exposed.”
“Attaining recognition is an individual journey; it cannot be bestowed upon us by others”
“De vergane tijd kan in de container met de opdruk -Geschiedenis-.”
“If you stay aligned with your inner child, you’ll always feel forever young.”
“You may be good, but that doesn't make me bad. You may be intelligent, but that doesn't make me a fool.”
“Amidst a crowd of friends, a search for truth begins, To find the few who stand by through thick and thin.”
“Yeah, I was lame but I never stopped walking.”
“Though some may have been a part of my life before, I won't let their absence hold me in place anymore. For life is a journey with ups and downs, And I'll keep moving forward until I reach my crowns”
“As the years slip by, we can drift apart, Friends becoming strangers, breaking heart to heart. But do not despair, for this is nature's way, Ebbing and flowing, like the tides of each day. Hold tight to those bonds that stand the test of time, Cherish each moment, like a precious rhyme.”
“Sometimes we outgrow people or they outgrow us, and that's okay. Don't let the loss of a few people make you forget the happiness that still exists in your life. Love yourself, love your surroundings, and keep moving forward with grace and strength.”
“I may have lost some friends along the way, But it doesn't mean my life is in disarray. I won't dwell on what I cannot change, For I have enough reasons to be happy, not deranged.”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे , वो कर जायेंगे”
“तुम सोचते रहोगे, वो कर जायेंगे।”
“मैं देखता रहा, वो जाते रहे। फिर मैं भी चला, मगर वो याद आते रहे।”
“A great person is not great in every field.”
“एक महान व्यक्ति हर क्षेत्र में महान नहीं होता।”
“तुम्हारा अच्छा होना, मुझे बुरा नहीं बनाता। तुम्हारा समझदार होना, मुझे मूर्ख नहीं बनाता।”
“You don't love yourself enough if you love someone who cheats on you.”
“It's very easy to find happiness. Just grab a bottle of your favorite drink, devour foods that give you so much comfort and stress-relief, go for a run (happy hormones), or watch an NBA championship game at ringside! It's as instant as microwaveable foods! But joy is a different thing. Joy takes time to build, but it's worth the time. And one of the best ways to find joy in life is by discovering and living out our purpose - the reason why we've been put on this Earth! There's something about being in one's purpose and living it out.”
“You need not remove if you can re-move them.”
“You stepped in rhythm to her breaths. Strolling through seasons— winter's whites, the pink nectars of spring, summer's ripest green, and the speckled reds of fall, inviting impermanence into us all.”
“When I bring my lunch from home, I save both money and calories”
“My decisions may not be the best always, but at least they are always mine.”
“I was forty years old when I stood up for myself for the first time. I should’ve stood up earlier.”
“Small pleasures and little vices combine to make life happy.”
“هواكَ كثيرٌ عليّ، وقلبي ‎على نارِ قلبِك لا يستطيعُ ‎وأيُّ بديعٍ أروحُ إليه ‎وأنت إلهي السميعُ البديعُ ‎فمِنْ أين يأخذني الآخرون ‎وبين يديك يهيمُ الجميعُ ‎لقد ضيّع العشقُ عقلي فماذا ‎يقولُ بحسنِك حرفٌ وضيعُ”
“دعوتُ لهم مرّةً بالبقاء فماتوا  كأنّ السماء مقوّسة الظهر، والدعوات كراتُ.. وطني أتنكسر البيوتُ حزينةً وقلوبُ كل العاشقين بيوتُ شعبُ إذا ما الفقر حلَّ بدارِهِ كتمَ الجراحَ وقلبُه مكبوتُ لو تحشد الدنيا على إخضاعه ينمو بحجم عذابه الجبروتُ هبني أكن مرسى تنام على يدي لو تستطيع مراكبٌ ويخوتُ هبني أكن ألم الجراح، دم الإبا ما همّني إن ذبت بي وشقيتُ ما دام مجد الأرز يسكن جبهتي وتنام بين حقائبي بيروتُ”
“كل العواصم نثر  وانتِ شعر موزون! لو قلت فيكِ شعر  بكون الحكي عم خون! العيون كلا مكحلة بالقهر ومبللة الجفون  كرمال شوفك عين ما بتكفي يا ريت كلني عيون ”
“لا أحبّ الأعياد منذ طفولتي. لم أفهم كيف أنّ السعادة تُرصد في رزنامة العام كمواعيد العمل. فرح الآخرين لا يناسب مزاجي دائماً، وتوقيته أشبه بتلزيم الحب إلى شركة خاصة. الزيارات لم تصلني بأحد يوماً، ولطالما لم أشعر بواجب الواجبات بل بدت لي على شكل قصاص، والاتصالات التي تولد في العيد تموت معه.. حتى مظاهر البهجة لا تشبهني، لذا، لمّا أزل أرغب في قراءة رواية، وأنا في سريري بعيداً عن فوضى تعم البلاد ابتداءً من رؤية القمر وليس انتهاءً بنوع الشوكلاتة التي تقدم للمناسبة. ثمة أعياد تأتي بلا صلوات ولا تهليل، أعياد على شكل طاولة وفنجان قهوة، ووجه لامرأة غريبة تترك في دورتك الدموية قمراً لا يختلف على رؤيته الفقهاء والمساكين الذين يُساقون من أفق إلى آخر كالطائرات الورقية.”
“ما خُلقنا للبقاء  إنما خُلقنا للرحيل…”
“من كل صوبٍ عيون الناس شاخصةٌ‬ ‎وأنتِ ماكرةٌ تصطاد بالنظرِ  ‎ فكيف أقوى على صدّ العيون، وبي‬ ‎شيءٌ من الحب مع شيء من الحذرِ ‬ كأنني مبعِدٌ عنك العيون كمن‬ ‎يظن يقوى بكفّيه على المطرِ ‬”
“Happiness is in your heart; you must decide to be dragged into it!”
“You are always a young magician with your own methods of creating your own world .”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Calmness is a bed where flowers grow.”
“What habits you adopt on your ordinary days determines what you can achieve on your extraordinary days.”
“For the dog, colour doesn't matter, reputation doesn't matter, wealth doesn't matter. Dogs see us all as equals. They live in the present in a world of emotion. They know if you are true and trustworthy, and what they care about most is the love you have in your heart and the kindness you show them.”
“For the dog, colour doesn't matter, reputation doesn't matter, wealth doesn't matter. Dogs see us all as equals. They live in the present and in a world of emotion. They know if you are true and trustworthy, and what they care about most if the love you have in your heart and the kindness you show them.”
“Our life will be more serene and beautiful when we start living from the inside out.”
“A star maybe far but I still see the light, That’s Hope and I have it.”
“What is the point of you? What is your worth? And by worth I am not talking about your financial value, I am talking about something much more significant than that. So, I ask again - what is your worth? And you won't find the answer in any scripture or church - you won't find it even in this book. Because no external power can give you the answer to something so incredibly existential in nature. If you want to know your worth, ask yourself, what are you without your bank account. The worth of a person lies in character. The same goes for a nation and the same goes for a world. Therefore, a nation's worth lies not in the value of its currency, but in the character of its people. And it all begins with the individual - it all begins with you. Your character holds not just the worth of your own life, but that of the lives of your people as well. So, feel like it's the feeling of your society and act like it's the action of your society. But mark you, here I do not mean, feeling and acting like the society, rather, I am asking you to feel, think and act as an original, brave and conscientious human being, so that you become the very emblem of humanhood in front of others, for them to draw their life’s inspiration from. Doing what the society wants, makes you a second hand human - wanting the society to do what you want, makes you a narcissistic bigot - but being an embodiment of humanhood without any expectation from others, is what makes you a sentient human.”
“To be called wrong without being heard is a victory.”
“One of the best achievements of life is having friends who become family.”
“Don't make a mess of relationships. It will mess up your life.”
“When people stop talking to you, they start talking about you.”
“The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make. The mold of your life is in your hands to break.”
“Time, she does not protest in her passing.”
“One of the scariest thing in life is that those you think may not make it, may turn out to be one of the most successful people in life. Don't underrate people base on their current situation.”
“Anger is dangerous, and yet the only way to express yourself sometimes.”
“Half-truth creates chaos. Full truth leads to peace.”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“One of the greatest lessons in life is learning how to respond and not react.”
“When you come to the end of your life, you return to the only real agenda you should have had from the beginning of your life: Your real lifelong agenda is not to live your short life well, but to seek a way with extraordinary effort to extend that short life!”
“—Durante años vivimos al galope —dijo Frances— y de pronto las dudas nos asaltan, el paisaje se ensombrece, nos sentimos perdidas y solas, y repentinamente tomamos conciencia de que tendremos que seguir avanzando a tientas porque ya no podemos volver sobre nuestros propios pasos.”
“When you’re too tired and feel like giving up on life, sit down and ponder over the journey of water.”
“People continue to cheat in relationships when they know their partner's love is blind for them.”
“With some people, distance feels magical, and closeness feels suffocating.”
“You aren't becoming wise if you are not learning to understand the people in your life.”
“A happy past with someone who isn't a part of your present doesn't let you move toward the future.”
“Don't get too excited about any degree of material success, there is no greater failure than not knowing who you really are.”
“There is a time to- Rejoice.. Rethink.. Recorrect Rebuild Rearrange Reassemble Rekindle Replenish & Rejuvenate Re-Create the time and space for Relive and Revive, Leave no room for regrets and rebels!”
“You are exactly where you need to be. If you want something, do something about it. Otherwise, it will be your whole life.”
“Once friends as batchmates, but now different batches divide us.”
“Whatever books we read, we should always be aware because they may begin to speak to us initially and then read us gradually.”
“When you start to treat yourself better, you’ll be happier, and your life will automatically get better.”
“Being true to yourself is the only means to attain self-knowledge.”
“Being true to yourself is the only means of realizing God.”
“I am made up of fragments of poetry glued together hoping one day to become art.”
“True healers don't come to heal. They come to remind others of the healer within.”
“Time outside brings out the strongest emotions and reactions”
“If you want to turn your life around, start enjoying the little things in life with a big, big smile.”
“There are so many people now who aren’t people anymore.”
“You may have the best chapters in your life, but not mine.”
“The lions are deadly when they are in silent mode.”
“True love doesn't make you aggressive and insecure it makes you peaceful.”
“Men often find themselves caught between the stress of work and home life, and it can be frustrating when people assume their life is perfect based on social media posts. Men may feel pressure to hide their stress and sadness because they don't want to burden their loved ones with their problems. Instead, they feel the need to put on a brave face and hide their true emotions to keep others from feeling sad too. Unfortunately, this can lead to a cycle of suppressing emotions and ignoring one's own needs for the sake of others. It's important to remember that not all men are the same, and some may struggle with depression or anxiety. It's essential to seek help when needed, even if it means having difficult conversations with loved ones. Ultimately, it's crucial to prioritize mental health and self-care, even if it means taking a step back from responsibilities or seeking professional help. It's okay to not always be okay, and it's important to have support systems in place that can provide a safe space for men to open up about their emotions and feelings.”
“In weak moments today, don't do anything that will make you look weaker in the future.”
“Living means being able to get out of the cycle of loneliness, boredom, and expectations, having carefree access to new pleasures and no money worries.”
“The only people who deserve to be in your life are the ones who treat you with love, kindness and respect”
“The more I hear your voice, the more I realize that silence isn’t always golden. Your voice makes me put on my best dancing shoes and celebrate life.”
“Nothing takes me closer to the world than a cup of tea. Every cup is a bridge.”
“Shedding: She asked "How can you keep shedding your past? Your failures, your losses, and people you once loved?" And I replied: "Because there are some things you just cannot keep. They have provided you with the lesson, and you have taken the growth, So what is left to hold onto? Keep shedding sweetheart. Keep finding new and wonderful strengths that you never imagined you owned, Climbing mountains you never thought you'd climb, And mending your wounded heart for yet another time Life is all about shedding. So don't keep hurting the softness of your soul. Life's most profound gifts are held in the hands of those who can learn so graciously to let go".”
“Breaking: Keep breaking, For this is where living truly lies, In all those dark places, That held those lost and weary cries, Because it's through all the breaking where your roots of strength are found, Through all the mending, Light gives way, and you smash fresh ground. Darling, let it break so you can let it go, And you'll find the surge of healing power through the fiery skin of your soul.”
“Her black hair shines bright, Earrings adorning each ear just right; Innocent cuteness fills her gaze, With an English fiction book that amaze; Tiny red lips speak words so sweet, Crazy cheeks bring joy complete!”
“Don't break yourself in trying to fix the one you love.”
“Don't care to be honest with people who have labeled you a liar.”
“Behold the folly of arrogance, selfishness, and pride— for in the end, to dust we shall all reside.”
“One-sided communication can't save a relationship.”
“Forgiveness isn't about who is right and wrong. It's about who we are willing to forgive and who we are not willing to forgive.”
“Wisdom arrives from experience, collected over many years of living, it accumulates and situates itself in the weathered hands and faces of those who have amassed it over their arduous decades of existence. It presents itself in the wrinkles of a forehead, in droopy cheeks and deep within the iris of smoldering, sunken eyes. Wisdom shows itself in the very thing we fear the most, age.”
“Any moment has the possibility to be the climax of your story, and if you live with that perspective, well, life is simply extraordinary.”
“Every person you love can't be a part of your forever.”
“As soon as your claims, challenges and dreams about life are over, you immediately find yourself in the following roads: Laziness, inactivity, decay!”
“Yes, life is walking in a limited amount of time: if you walk fast you will experience a lot, if you walk slow you will experience little!”
“Meditation is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God)”
“Spirituality is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God)”
“I messed up my life by trusting you.”
“When I explored my deeper mind, I could understand that my life is only an illusion, an apparent reality”
“If you don't like me, don't stay with me. Keep it simple.”
“Time is my friend when it doesn't let the bad moments stay but it becomes my enemy when it lets the good moments pass by.”
“Anything that needs to be proven. It is not it. For the fact that you have to prove it is. It means its being is questionable that it might happen to be something else. If it is what it is. The won't be a need to convince , persuade , and influence others. So as to change their narrative or perception to see it the way you see it.”
“Life is meant to realize your true Self in the Higher Consciousness of God and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“Every grain of sands has an intricate role to play in this marvelous masterpiece called life. Nothing is random, respect all happenings.”
“If you stand a little far from the fire you will receive heat and light, if you go too close you will burn! Everything you will experience in life is like this fire; if you can adjust the distance or dose you can benefit from everything or be safe from everything!”
“We are all seeking the unobtainable. Until we find it, we settle for life.”
“The modest wrinkles and the slackness of her skin were a matter of course. Proof she'd seized the reins in life. Nothing to be ashamed of.”
“To realize you were wrong and to be willing to change is a lifetime achievement.”
“My dear friend, you always complain that life has brought closed doors to you! Now sit down, calmly think about your whole life, life has brought open doors to you; but you didn't see them because you either looked elsewhere or stood in front of closed doors, despising open doors! But remember this, open doors will come before you again, keep your eyes peeled!”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“Life. It’s not just about watching the stars. It’s about shining with them.”
“Everything looks impossible initially, and then everything eases out gradually. Beginning is the key.”
“The silence of inner peace is better than the crowded chaos out there. Find the light in the silence, that light becomes the true destiny of your life.”
“The only thing standing between you and a simpler life is the willingness to change.”
“You are the author of your own complications, and you can be the author of your own simplicity.”
“The most important thing in your life is learning how to be your true self.”
“THE MOMENT YOU GIVE UP YOUR OWN TRUTH, YOU BECOME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.”
“Our prayers resonate far beyond ourselves.”
“If you’re having a bad day just realize that some days are bad and you can do nothing about them. Try to stay calm and remind yourself that it’s just a fleeting day and also a day to show yourself that you can face anything and come out of it, smiling.”
“For a complicated person, the simple life is full of complications.”
“If you do not mingle with the right people, your status will never rise. If you mingle with cheap people, you will appear cheap, and if you mingle with rich people, you will appear rich even if you are poor.”
“Hope rises with the sun, illuminating a new day full of endless possibilities.”
“The right words can change your whole world!”
“There is no WRONG reaction that can correct a WRONG situation.”
“But our lives aren't just measured in years, they're measured in the lives of people we touch around us.”
“Don't start talking negatively about people who once had a beautiful place in your heart.”
“Problems are like tangled hair. The longer you ignore, the messier they become.”
“Life is an alliance between light and dark colors, having an attractive force towards the light ones is our purpose in this life because when we reach it we understand why life is beautiful”
“The breath of our soul dancing into the dust of the Earth and shaping it with our soul’s artistry We are moving poetry”
“Assuming that the one they love loves them back is the biggest illusion some people have.”
“We all want God in our lives when things need to change, but we hesitate when God wants us to change so He can come into our lives.”
“Accepting death makes life fuller”
“Every birth takes time, yet we celebrate it for a moment. But death is just a second and leaves us with a lasting pain that no one can ever be familiar with.”
“As the day ends, always think of this: Everything ends! But don't let it make you unhappy knowing that everything will end! On the contrary, let it encourage you to join the ranks of people who want to create a world where things will never end!”
“The pain of abandonment can be forever healed by the One who will never abandon you. ”
“Ако мораме еднаш да загинеме од каква и да било причина, дотогаш нема зошто да не му се радуваме на животот.”
“You put it all together. You’re the heart of us, Park, and one day someone else is going to love you for that heart just like we do.”
“You disrespect yourself when you continue to stay in a relationship that lacks loyalty.”
“The regret of putting first those who don't put you first makes your life painful.”
“If you haven't lived a hard life, you should get into the life stories of those who have had a hard life! Far beyond gaining wisdom and facing the truth, this is the best way to create the spark and anger in your soul to be able to change those sad truths!”
“Distance yourself for a bit. You'll realize a lot.”
“Let the dust settle, and you will see more clearly.”
“Never lie to yourself that you didn't hurt others.”
“I regret apologizing to the people I should have told to leave.”
“You miss a lot in life by not expressing your feelings.”
“You lose self-respect by staying in a relationship with someone who doesn't love you.”
“If you want light in your life but can’t find it anywhere. Maybe, you’ve to be the light yourself.”
“Life begins when we learn to live together in peace.”
“Your life becomes so peaceful when your anger for the people who hurt you turns into sympathy for them.”
“Even if you get rejected in every areas of your life, don't feel dejected. Always have a positive mindset towards life and every other things will fall in place at the right time.”
“We only live once, but even if you disagree, it makes more sense to live like you only have one life than to live thinking you have several lives to come.”
“Varanasi is God's own creation, where life and death are both subjects of celebration.”
“Silence gives you a lot of strength, but it also pushes your close people away.”
“Life is all about being your true Self (Atman) and realizing it in the Divine Consciousness (God).”
“The best chapter of your life begins after the end of a painful relationship.”
“Embrace possibility, but don't let it drag you down”
“I never looked down on nobody, especially when I was trying to find a way to come up myself in the struggle.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Spread kindness, and be the creators. Of a world that’s loving, and full of compassion, A world that’s peaceful, and free of aggression. We’re all human, and we all have a heart, It’s time to break the barriers, and make a new start. To see beyond our differences, and embrace our similarities, To build a world of unity, where we all can live in clarity. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s come together, and be the regulators. Of a world that’s inclusive, and free of hate, A world that’s accepting, and celebrates diversity’s fate. It’s time to listen, and hear each other’s stories, To understand the struggles, and the pains and the glories. To walk in each other’s shoes, and feel the empathy, To create a world of justice, where love is the remedy. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread love, and be the cultivators. Of a world that’s kind, and filled with grace, A world that’s caring, and never loses pace. We’re all a part of this world, this community, It’s time to break the walls, and embrace our unity. To see that we’re all equal, and our differences make us unique, To build a world of harmony, where love is what we seek. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread positivity, and be the creators. Of a world that’s bright, and filled with light, A world that’s hopeful, and never loses sight. It’s time to stand up, and be the change, To fight for what’s right, and never act strange. To speak out against hate, and spread love instead, To create a world of kindness, where love is always led. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread joy, and be the motivators. Of a world that’s happy, and filled with laughter, A world that’s peaceful, and never loses its character. It’s time to unite, and hold each other’s hands, To build a world of love, that forever stands. To lift each other up, and never tear down, To create a world of love, where love is always found. Love your neighbors, stop the haters, Let’s spread hope, and be the liberators. Of a world that’s free, and filled with love, A world that’s caring, and always above.”
“We are the wolves, the hunted and the hounds. In the face of religion, we stand our ground. For too long we've been told what we should believe, But our hearts and our souls will never deceive. We reject the dogma and the fear they instill. We refuse to be bound by their holy will. We embrace our freedom, our love, and our truth. And we'll fight till the end, for the right to choose. We'll howl at the moon, and dance in the night. We'll live our lives, without fear or fright. We'll break the chains, and shatter the mold. For we are the wolves, fierce and bold. So let them come, with their crosses and their swords, We'll stand our ground, and we'll face their hoards. For we are the wolves, the hunters of our fate, and we'll never bow down, to their religious hate.”
“Just because everyone else chooses to live a certain way does not mean you have to. You can be the role model for someone else.”
“Your future is in direct proportion to what you do in the present.”
“When you take the right decision, it may not bring you a good fate because life changes so quickly that the right decision you made turns into a wrong decision even minutes later! The secret of a beautiful destiny is not only to make the right decision, but to make new right decisions as soon as the circumstances change!”
“what feels like work to you is playing for others”
“Why can’t we close our minds tonight and open our hearts in the morning? Why can’t we stumble freely into an open space and stabilize ourselves with our vulnerability? Why can’t we drop our hoodies on our shoulders and worry only about the uniform air that we breathe? Let’s all take the next swipe with our middle finger and displace the cardinal system from being the warden for our NEWS! Poem - IN MOTION, from EvolutionR. December 9, 2022.”
“We are shadows and entities, but we never asked to be made black! I’ll accept all your ignorance and misinformation, just don’t ever try to pull us back! Poem - IN MOTION. December 9, 2022.”
“You should know the triggers of your happiness and sadness.”
“এই আধুনিক সংস্কৃতির সবচেয়ে বড় দোষ হচ্ছে এই যে আমরা যেটাকে ঠিক বলে জানি সেটাই যে একমাত্র ঠিক এই বিশ্বাসে ভর করেই বেঁচে থাকি। আমার ব্লাড-সুগার বা ব্লাড-কোলেস্টেরোলই অন্য সকলের সুস্থতা বা অসুস্থতার মানদণ্ড। আমাদের ভালোটাই পৃথিবীর সব মানুষের পক্ষে অবশ্যই ভালো। সে সম্বন্ধে আমাদের কোনোই দ্বিমত নেই। এটাও দুঃখের।”
“This is a true saying that life is short, but the chaos in life is long. Therefore, if you shorten the chaos, life will seem longer and happier.”
“No shoes and a ball cap are better than steel toes and a hard hat.”
“Life is short. Thank God the earth is small.”
“Focus on building character, not on building a false image.”
“Life is meant for realizing your true Self (Atman) in the Divine Consciousness (God), and be immortal and blissful forever.”
“If you seek a life of harmony, you must alter your current practices”
“You know nothing about my intentions because you are full of assumptions.”
“Don't be too happy when the light is shining above you, shadow is just a step away! Don't be too sad when you are in the darkness of the shadow, the light is just one step away!”
“Every person I met has a specific place in my life, for their presence shaped me. I thank those who showed me love and those who have broken my heart because they taught me how precious love is, how everyone deserves to be loved, how hate breaks hearts and how I must never plan to break someone's heart. I'm telling you, every situation has a lesson, but it all depends on how we see things!”
“इस ढलते सूरज को देख रहे हो?' उसने कहा। 'मैं हमेशा उदास हो जाती हूँ इसे देखकर, ये जानते हुए कि ये सूरज कल लौटेगा, एक नई चमक के साथ। सोचो, कितना मुश्किल होता होगा उसे जाने देना जिसके लौटने की कोई उम्मीद न हो?”
“Move on. Don't dwell on it.”
“Set some time off for play.”
“Be thankful to those who could hurt you but chose to get hurt because they cared for you.”
“True love mends broken hearts and never changes no matter what the circumstances are, but the fake eventually destroys someone's heart.”
“Either you love someone totally or you don't. There's no in-between.”
“- I closed my eyes and stepped myself in that long-ago darkness. I heard the wind with unusual clarity. A light breeze swept past me, leaving strangely brilliant trails in the dark. I open my eyes to find the darkness of the summer night a few degrees deeper than it had been.”
“Os caminhos mais diretos e menos tortuosos raramente nos agradam, talvez por parecerem feitos de uma falsa simplicidade.”
“By focusing on your life's passion; You can turn your passion into your story and then turn your story into a SUCCESS STORY !!!”
“Knowledge without Learning is like Wisdom without Understanding, Life Without Breath.”
“Modern Slavery is the choice to remain ENSLAVED.”
“Modern Slavery is the lack of emancipation from Mental Slavery.”
“Worship is unto God as the Word of God is unto man.”
“The Impact of God without evidence is likened to Life without the Breath of God; for there is no impact without evidence.”
“Worry is the only CURRENCY that steals your total dependence on God, it is the transaction that leaves you in a debt called DEFEAT; it is the broken wall that keeps you defenseless against your enemies.”
“Love is the most overrated luxury brand in the world.”
“Materialistic success is a lonely place.”
“We not only learn from the knowledge we acquire and experiences we gain but sometimes in order to learn deeper lessons in life we put ourselves out there and learn from the wounds and damages we receive ourselves.”
“Death of pride brings life to forgiveness.”
“Infinite particles found in stars- Fragments, beaming of light, pouring forth through the sun. Grains of sand blown by the wind, along with blades of grass and prickly ash from our Earth. We fly as an eagle- soaring, and with the night, we come to be awakened by the morning light. Glorious life, here we meet and here, we are One as our hearts beat. I am grateful for the infinite, creative living force within all.”
“Some people are determined to misunderstand you. Let them. Because once God reveals the Truth, it’s going to be SO Sweet for You.. and most likely very sour for them..”
“Don't set your needs on the amount of money you have, earn money for your needs.”
“Nature is God! It is my foolishness, arrogance or anger that pushes me to think or say that I can punish somebody. It is you Nature (God) who has the power to punish. I am only a mere human being whose existence is to work hard in a righteous manner. Please forgive me and give me strength, intellect and knowledge.”
“There are two types of appointments in life! Appointments you know and appointments you don't know! It is this second type of appointment that makes life interesting and but also scary. Sometimes life will arrange a meeting for you; sometimes good, sometimes bad and sometimes even tragic meeting, but you don't know about it!”
“Every Human Life Is Predominantly Automated Based On The Movement Of Non-living Things In And Around Us, The Simplified Theory Of Everything”
“Let God be the foundation of your life, and no matter what life throws at you, you will not crumble.”
“Marriage is God's investment for a man and woman.”
“You feel so much happiness when your urge to prove your intentions to certain people dies.”
“Eyes carry a lot of emotions.”
“A home is a source of safety and comfort.”
“Certain things in life are like crumpled pages. No matter how hard you try, you just can't smooth them out.”
“sometimes the best achievement in life is to be alive”
“Practising one habit ultimately reinforces others; The more you practice, the more they will become in helping you unleash your potential”
“Embracing the imperfections that you have attracts other people because you become approachable.”
“Every limiting belief becomes the growth mindset tool by adding just this small word "YET".”
“If your words are negative, the results will follow suit. Listen to your thoughts!”
“You have the choice to be the master or slave of your mind. What will you choose? Only YOU are to decide”
“We must all find pointless causes to live for, or why bother with breath? Because, on reflection, once you have seen your own face and recognised the colour of your eyes, tasted the air and smelled the soil, drunk from the purest fountains and the dirtiest wells, that is the kindest thing you can say about life. Its's not nothing.”
“The day is brittle as instant noodles I despise.”
“We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream.”
“Time settles down a thing or two but not everything. We cannot wait forever. We cannot hope forever. We cannot dream forever. We have to move on with whatever we have or with nothing at all. We have to move on.”
“He lies still in the dark, hungry, listening to the birds discuss life in a thousand ancient dialects: bickering, turf war, recollection, praise, joy.”
“Every day someone wakes up not knowing it is their last day on earth; nobody promises tomorrow.”
“Folded the eyes: inner a vision divine, a glistening dream, the dark increased the light, to not let me stay closed, I opened the eyes: near the dream comes true.”
“Even when we're forty and all of this feels so very far away. I hope we remember that inside, we will always be the people we are tonight.”
“You cannot hold eternity in your hand, but you feel it in your heart; you know it in your soul.”
“If you really care about something keep it private”
“Everything is in flux and you know the reason why. This noisy world wouldn’t let us live within us even for a while. We just push on, no matter the cost.”
“Shadows are our reflection but even a light heart has a dark shadow.”
“Life is often an ocean of stories of short happiness and long misery! You can jump into any of these stories and add something new to the story! You can extend short happiness a little, and shorten long unhappiness a little, but you cannot create a life where happiness is more than unhappiness because human beings always create unhappiness for themselves, they are very successful at this!”
“In a world that avoids suffering at all costs, the Cross offers a different view.”
“Prayers often must accompany trials. Through our hardships, God shifts our innermost thoughts and molds us into something new. Only then are we able to accept His divine gifts.”
“Finding God in our joy is much harder than finding Him in our pain.”
“Have you ever seen a boulder along the ocean? Rock solid, standing tall under the sun, the rain, and the wind. Then one day, a tidal wave hits, and the boulder shatters down into pieces, shocking everyone. What nobody knows is that the boulder had been weak for a long time. Tiny cracks had formed with every lash of the wind, every splash of the wave, every betrayal of destiny. It was already broken inside. The last stroke just disassembled it, shattering it for the world to see. I am that boulder.”
“We are all living, at most, half of a life, she thought. There was the life that you lived, which consisted of the choices you made. And then, there was the other life, the one that was the things you hadn’t chosen. And sometimes, this other life felt as palpable as the one you were living.”
“The meaning of life for someone is a meaning of someone's life.”
“Memories are nothing but ghosts in the corners of our minds.”
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”
“All truth passes through three stages: First, it is ridiculed; Second, it is violently opposed; and Third, it is accepted as self-evident.”
“Life is like your favorite meal. Enjoy it until it's gone!”
“If you keep questioning everything that happens to you in life, you will destroy yourself. Sometimes all you need to do is leave everything to God and believe He's capable of giving you the best life.”
“Don't judge yourself just by your mistakes.”
“Sinful living is like driving in a car with clouded headlights: you can see the road in front of you, but the darker it gets, the less light you'll have to guide you.”
“I am should be a statement of wonder.”
“karma is given, not to those who ask, but to those who ask of nothing.”
“Life is a motion of emotions.”
“Aborting Babies, Aborts Destinies.”
“You always have to look behind for your foots marks.”
“Η ζωή είναι κρυμμένη στην κοινωνία των προσώπων.”
“Είμαστε πλασμένοι να αγαπάμε. Αυτή είναι η φυσική λειτουργία μας.”
“Ο χρόνος είναι η πιο ελαστική πραγματικότητα.”
“Everything is hard, but your dreams are not impossible. If you have seen it with your mind’s eye, it is indeed quite achievable.”
“You can only be close to yourself when you live far away from your arrogance.”
“You don't need the certificate of being right from the people who wronged you.”
“You are never a mistake, you are never unloved, you are never really alone; the God of the universe gives you purpose, never believe otherwise.”
“Dear Daughter, Love others, be kind to them and pray for them. That is what humanity is all about. In doing that, do not forget yourself; for when you love yourself, you will easily love others.”
“Dear Daughter, You have sole ownership of the life that God has given you. Live it, love it and adore it.”
“Sometimes I become the wanderer ”
“Family should feel like home, not hell.”
“We slowly lose, from day to day, those little things, that pass away, with the ever changing winds of life, that come from all directions.”
“Let us always be kind to one another, for our kindness is the beginning of Love.”
“You can add new things to your life at every stage of your life: New ways, new habits, new ideas, new fears, and new stupidities! And remember, at every stage of your life, you can take something out of your life! You have the will to add and subtract! Make good use of this will, use this simple mathematics well to make your life better!”
“You cant get better if the only thing you think about is how you are getting worse.”
“Live them for the people who didn’t get to enjoy being a teenager. For the people who never lived past being a teenager.”
“If you focus on people who hate you, want to discredit you, and yet wish to be you, you encourage the negativity in the universe”
“Reflect in depth, plan in detail, and execute it with a calm, composed, and detached mind.”
“It is when we think that we have it tougher than others that we develop a cynical outlook towards others’ achievements and dissatisfaction with our own.”
“¿Sabes? Nuestra vida no se divide entre luz y la oscuridad. no es tan simple. En medio hay una franja de sombras. Distinguir y comprender esos matices es signo de inteligencia sana. Y conseguir una inteligencia sana requiere a su modo de tiempo y esfuerzo".”
“Οξείες αντιθέσεις, αυτό είναι το κύριο συστατικό αυτής της ζωής.”
“Αληθινή αγάπη υπάρχει μόνο όταν μπορεί κανείς να μοιραστεί με τον άλλο μια μεγάλη σιωπή.”
“Όπως η εικονική ένωση της γης με τον ουρανό στη γραμμή του ορίζοντα, έτσι και η εκδήλωση των σχέσεων στη ζωή αυτή είναι μια αντανάκλαση κάτι μεγαλύτερου.”
“Μόνο ως συγκοινωνούν δοχείο, μόνο σε μια δυναμική προσφοράς και πρόσληψης με τον συνάνθρωπό του είναι αληθινά ζωντανός ο άνθρωπος.”
“The real life begins as soon as you leave your house.”
“Life is a game. Fools play, and the wise watch.”
“Forget the troubles of the world and savor life's pleasures.”
“Success keeps you in the game of life, but failure is the path to wisdom.”
“Pain is an ice bath for the soul.”
“Nobody always with you, but your shadow is always with you!”
“Beauty is a fleeting gift; take care not to invest your entire self-worth in it.”
“[L]ife isn't run by principles but by adjustments.”
“It’s either love life or fear it.”
“Honey, a life without love isn’t a life worth living. Besides, you don’t get to choose whether or not you love someone. If only. How much easier would life be if we could just make that choice? Love… it doesn’t listen to reason.”
“they are a little more solid even in the exquisite nakedness of their existence and they glory in their reality and read music and dance poetry on the sidewalks and in the lavatories of bombed out buildings. we take their words and cup them in our hands and we take their lips and crush them to ourselves and dream the dreams and think of sands and faraway places and wish for death and pray they see IT soon.”
“Life's short. Write hard.”
“Nature is something to be tolerated, not tamed.”
“Never give up. Things that you keep dreaming about will happen one day.”
“Solitude, the pricy state seeking tranquil air, for errors, for apologies, behold! a calm down side, beneath the sloppy, hilly village’s canopying shade, there is the warmth of lonely peace to respite”
“you need to figure out how to love the life that you have, while you work on the life that you want.”
“Why is that something parents always want for their kids? For them to “figure” out their life? Why can’t we just go through trial and error as the years pass, never really figuring out anything, but just going with the ebbs and flows of life?”
“It’s human nature to react a certain way. We’re influenced by the world around us and the narrative set by media and outside sources, which means that sometimes our reactions are totally unconscious—in our minds, it’s nothing more than how we perceive we should react.”
“Never let someone else dictate to you your true worth; only the weak and the small try to dim the light of others.”
“Be creative, live a fun life, and don't be an asshole.”
“Life is like a maze, a complex syntax and is much more than a sophisticated algorithm.”
“When someone you TRUST is revealed as your SABOTAGE, you can then understand the purpose of JUDAS ISCARIOT in the company of the 12 and the Kingdom of the Master.”
“Your positive energy and warm vibes are like sunrays on a cold, winter morning.”
“Trend is nothing but an idea or thought of a person or a group that is forcibly dumped into people's minds and mentally imposed upon their choice very strongly”
“Remember tomorrow has it own plans.so if you plan for tomorrow don't think tomorrow will favor you.”
“The best version of life is better expressed in a movie. There the outcomes are more certain.”
“The best version of life is better experienced in a movie. There the outcomes are more certain.”
“People who tell you that you can’t make a difference in this world aren’t negative; they just don’t understand people who can’t tolerate all the woeful things surrounding them.”
“As a woman, it takes courage to age.”
“A gemstone's value increases with its rarity; walking outside the crowd makes your worth increase, not decrease. ”
“You can get everything in life,just go on right way.”
“Better to be a small man and stay with people you like near the girl you love than a transferred giant, yes?”
“Where is his room?' she whispered. 'Up there, I think' replied April. Let's follow the toys.”
“Where is the recipe? I ask. Abuela laughs. It is in my heart, Rosie. I use mis ojos, my eyes, to measure. Mis manos, my hands, to feel. Mi boca, my mouth, to taste.”
“This is the place where I want to be young To breathe the beginning breath Through newborn lungs To run barefoot chasing butterflies To sleep beneath wondrous skies To stand on stony mountains Far above the birch and pine Looking down at all about me I’ll call this world mine ….. When the wild wind sings I will hear its song That beckons to my heart, Tells me that I belong And all these hills and every tree Become a part of my story ….. Yet, as the pages of a story grow Characters learn, develop, go May it be granted, if I leave If I change in any way That this place will always remain The same as I saw it today ….. If my feet wander If life’s paths take me far Time may alter youthful face But let not it change a tree or star Let not it touch a leaf Nor a river, nor a stream Or raise a cloak of shadow Over even one sunbeam The years may not lift their hand To crumble any stone Or free their feet to trample Fields where flowers have grown ….. If I tarry long The song will bring me back If in the journey I am lost The wind will steer my track I will be changed when I come Grey hair and marred face But the hills will recall That I am one with this place Standing, just the way I used to Upon the mountain height Breathing, just the way I once did The crisp, star filled night And praying, just the way I always have That I might be young here.” — ‘Where I Want to Be Young”
“A whole life can be lost in minutes and can be wasted in the small moments missed.”
“If difficult decisions were easy, everypne would make them.”
“Every story has a different genre, Just like sky changes it's colour.”
“Just like a tree, we carry a perfect glare but deep down our roots lie in vain.”
“Spontaneity is good for the soul.”
“Put no faith in the frailty of men; God is the only one who will never disappoint. ”
“It's not how others see you which matters, it's how you see yourself.”
“Choose your steps wisely because your footprints may be followed by others.”
“Success is yours to define, not for others to prescribe.”
“I'm afraid to get involved with the outside world. I'm afraid to meet new people and feel new feelings.”
“Life is for living, so live already.”
“Material riches can never feed the hunger that we all possess for the living God.”
“Don't give anyone the right to write your own story, even if you know they're going to write a beautiful story for you! The story that others write for you becomes the story of others, not yours!”
“Break me, Hurt me, Betray with me. I will not do anything with you, the time will take my revange.”
“This was what life was supposed to be, I thought, full of strange, previously unknown thrills, and unfamiliar pleasures. It was supposed to be always new; new and a little dangerous.”
“One curves such as Art,with all the means of hope,as the striving mind it strives,the heart is throbbing high, to yield, from his Artistry!”
“Living together instead of marrying is pretending at life; you want to test drive the car without fully purchasing it.”
“I don’t want to understand life. I want to live it, just the way I like amongst flowers of all types.”
“It is the deepest cruelty to stop life from breaking forth, that is what you do when you abort a child growing in its mother's womb.”
“Life is too short to be ambitious all the time.”
“When you live life as a competiton, decisions may be rooted in fear. When you love life as it comes, decisions are based on ethos and the pursuit of happiness.”
“The Vehicle of Life's Journey is Spiritual.”
“Kitty's face was not there. In place of it, where it used to be, was something dreadful both in it's strained look and in the sound that came from it.”
“When I Say Yes To Someone, It Is Not Permanent But When I Say No To Someone, It Is Permanent.”
“Η ζωή είναι μια σειρά από γροθιές στο στομάχι Το θέμα είναι κατά πόσον επανερχόμαστε και κατά πόσον το στομάχι μας σκληραίνει ύστερα από κάθε χτύπημα.”
“Η ίδια η ζωή είναι ένα μεγάλο αίνιγμα”
“Η ζωή μας γεμάτη αναλογίες και υποσχέσεις. Τι θα κάναμε χωρίς την ποίηση και την φαντασία Ζούμε μέσα από τις αναμνήσεις μας και τις αέναες φαντασιώσεις.”
“Η ζωή είναι πολύ μικρή για να την ξοδεύουμε σε ανόητα πράγματα, όταν γύρω μας υπάρχει τόσο πολλή ουσία και νόημα”
“Dreams are meant for dream chasers”
“Life, however simple, is hard to live. Life, however hard, is simple to live. Mindset is everything.”
“Woman is not like a flower Woman is not like Moon Woman is not like stars Woman is not like ocean or river She is like you human being with soul, feelings, emotions, choices, decisions, self-respect so respect her in that way”
“We often think of failure as a negative experience, but it can teach us so much if we are open to learning from it.”
“Every setback is an opportunity to grow if we take the time to reflect, find out what went wrong, and use our experiences to move forward.”
“It's easy to compare yourself to the people around you, but don't let that stop you from embracing the amazing gifts and talents you possess. Remember: they don't have what YOU'VE got!”
“You don't need to compare yourself to anyone else - the only person you need to be better than is the one you were yesterday. So take a step back, choose joy, and focus on improving yourself.”
“Life is too short to spend it second guessing yourself! Break down those walls of limiting beliefs and get ready for amazing things ahead!”
“Stop letting self-doubt be the energy that drives your life.”
“Believe in yourself and take on every challenge with confidence — your success is something only you can define. Be bold and embrace life's opportunities, trust me—you won't regret it!”
“We all face challenges and disappointments in life, but it’s how we use these experiences to our advantage that matters! Instead of letting them bring us down, let’s take a moment to reflect on what went wrong, learn from our mistakes, and build resilience to help us move forward.”
“Nobody’s perfect, and life is full of challenges, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve love and acceptance!”
“We’ve got to make a habit of doing the things that scare us and have faith in our decisions – because in the end, your life really does depend on it.”
“You should always do what you can to make life sweeter.”
“It is not the cards you are dealt in life that matters–it is how you play your hand.”
“God's love isn't given to us to change him; it's given so that we can change through him.”
“No make-up in the world can make you pretty, until you apply the foundation of love and wisdom”
“Hay momentos que definen nuestras vidas y otros que las dividen. Acontecimientos que nos transforman en dos personas diferentes: las que éramos antes y aquella en la que nos convertimos después”
“That’s not a difference. That’s an opportunity to share new things with each other.”
“When the storm in your life deafens the voice of God, lean in closer; that's when He's whispering.”
“Of all the rash and midnight promises made in the name of love, none, Boone now knew, was more certain to be broken than “I’ll never leave you”.”
“Don't hastate yourself; you're the most variable person, because every big thing started from a small one.”
“How far from God would I wander if I had a life without suffering?”
“All my pain, all the scars, led me to the foot of the cross. ”
“We aren’t shown our fate so we can master it, Kol. Sometimes, perhaps, we’re shown the future so we can prepare for it. But other times, we are shown it so that we can marvel in it.”
“This world needs people who stop, think and make plans from time to time, rather than people running around all the time, because while running around, the action is awake, the thought is asleep! In order to see the solutions to the problems, it is necessary to take a break from the action often and activate the thought!”
“Don't wait for externals to hit your metabolism for your dreams. Let your action flow the ecstasy inside you and never run out of it till life.”
“People make stories about you when they can't face you.”
“Pleasure often has a way of tempting you with more but always leaves you with less.”
“Home isn't where your hat lands, but where your heart does.”
“You always meet two kinds of people in life: People who make your window bigger and bring more light to you, and those who make your window smaller and dim your light! Know that the people in the second group are outnumbered and stay away from them!”
“ज़िन्दगी को समझने कि चाभी मौत में छिपी है, यह अदना-सी बात समझ आने में सालों बीत जाते हैं। कई ज़िंदगियाँ, हज़ार सदियाँ बीत जाती हैं।”
“She was, quite simply, a nice lady who'd raised a family and now lived quietly with her cats and grew vegetables. This was nothing and everything.”
“She certainly seemed to have a life, not just an existence. She seemed happy. It must be possible, then.”
“Fear is like the sea. If we let ourselves sink in it, we will drown. No one knows how long they have or the hardships to come. All we can do is spend our days treasuring each moment.”
“Don't let anything stop you from exploring what lies ahead and making a lasting impact that none of us could have predicted!”
“When it comes to success, it’s not just what you do and how hard you work - it's also about taking care of yourself!”
“Identifying your core values and goals is an incredibly important step on the road to achieving success.”
“People who try to bring you down are only trying to suppress your potential from showing itself. Because they know if it does, then you'll be able to achieve great things and leave them in the dust!”
“And for the rest, let life happen to you. Believe me, life is right in every case.”
“Early Morning Walks & the first flush of Winter Sunshine. It's incredibly difficult to wake up in the mornings of cold and cozy winter days, but somehow if you manage to get up and ask your mind to take a walk in the woods, the sunshine and warmth that catches your soul is breathtakingly beautiful, beyond beautiful. Each time a cold breeze touches you by while your heart is pulsating from the walk, you feel a Smile of calm widening in each and every breath of your bones, and when you catch a glimpse of the Morning Sun, and let the rays embrace your core, you know it was all worth it, the waking up and the walking on, so much worth it all. And then you Smile knowing, isn't the walk of Life exactly the same? When you wake up each day to walk a little more, to get wrapped in the warmth of Life all while cutting across the cold of Life's dark nights to find your way to the freshness of day, the Morning Sun of Life. And oh boy, it's just so much worth it, so much worth it all. To staying alive through the wilderness of Life. Stay in your Aura! Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“There is only one station in the world where everyone goes in the same direction, the station of life and the direction is eternal disappearance!”
“Life is all about the decisions we make and the habits we keep. Don't be fooled into thinking that your future is decided by someone else - you have control over your destiny.”
“Change is hard, but it's not impossible. Don't be afraid to take the leap, because you have what it takes to soar.”
“When the going gets tough, don’t get stuck in the rut! Life is always throwing new challenges your way, but don’t let self-doubt stop you from believing in your potential and growing as a person.”
“Prioritizing your well-being is an integral part of living a successful life. Put in the effort and fuel your body and mind to build the life of your dreams.”
“The challenge isn't about being flawless, it's about being yourself and owning it!”
“Don't get too caught up in the chaos of life - it's important to remind yourself that right now, this very moment is the only one you can be sure of. Relax and take a deep breath and release the chaos- you've got this!”
“I'm learning everyday that taking time for yourself is so important. It's the key to finding clarity and understanding the relationships in your life, especially the one with yourself!”
“When it comes to taking care of yourself, don't play games! You are valuable, irreplaceable, and no one can take that away from you. Make sure you don't deprive yourself of your needs and wants-you deserve the same love and respect that you give to others.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Power isn't something we're given – it's something we give ourselves. Too many of us think that power resides elsewhere, and it can be easy to forget that within each of us lies the capability and potential to make a difference.”
“Leadership doesn't come from having the most power or authority, it comes from having the courage and drive to turn our big ideas into real action.”
“The thought that one day you will definitely have the life you want is a very refreshing thought that caresses your soul! But the thought that is more appropriate for the universe we live in is this: You may never get the life you want, but the struggle you put into getting the life you want is even more valuable than getting that life!”
“I like the mind of people who reads books.”
“Agripina Fyodorovna Antipova, büyüyemeden ölen bebekler ile yerleşilemeden terk edilen şehirlerin birbirine benzediğini fark etmişti.”
“Life is a mystery. No matter how joyful you are, there is still a cost associated with your smiles. No matter how depressed you are, you must still pay a price for each tear, and no matter how many dreams you have, you must still sacrifice them.”
“Life without God means choosing to bear your burdens and pains alone.”
“No matter how failure shines in my life. Bit it cannot dry my passion”
“God defines you, not this world.”
“The art of living lies in balancing the acts of life”
“Remember, you are in control of your own destiny and happiness, so don’t let anyone else dictate how you feel or cause you to lose your inner peace.”
“Life is a game with breaking the rules.”
“Forgiving somebody who is not contrite is removing the root of bitterness before the poison sets in. ”
“Failure understands everything that success doesn’t even recognize.”
“Be so positive that negative people take a turn towards positivity!”
“Don't be so blinded in love that love becomes the reason for your destruction in life.”
“Of time, money, and knowledge, time is the most important. While you can re-earn the money you have lost and regain lost knowledge, time once gone cannot be got back!”
“The nuances of karma are hard to understand”
“Do not limit yourself to things that may lead you to successful path. The self-limiting beliefs will hinder you reaching to your goals. Think once!”
“Fitness is vital for sportsperson, I never take it for granted. My fitness mantra is healthy eating and daily exercise.”
“If you want success then you have to be a risk bearer in life, take that courageous step and go on until you achieve it. Go ahead!”
“Stress is a consequences of negative happenings or impact in life. But important is how to overcome it.”
“Success is no accident . It is hard work, perseverance , learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all  love of what you are doing . Tribute to the legend Pele”
“The best shield a girl or a woman can have is courage.”
“It's not important whether you lose or win, what is that you participate and play, one fine day your experience will make you win.”
“Believe in yourself that you can and you will! As there are no limits to what we as women can achieve.”
“Second chances are rare and comes with fortune.. thus use the first wisely. Think once!”
“Self-confidence will give you that success which no other way can help, it is the prime key. Look into the mirror, say- Yes! you can Think once!”
“Only a rich man will know where his true treasures lie. ”
“Life is full of challenges, but it’s also full of beautiful moments that are only made possible when we push ourselves to overcome difficult times.”
“Poor human! Your dreams are too long, but your life is too short! That's why you always die with unfinished or never started dreams! Poor human!”
“The wind of life is ever-present. We can fight against it and waste our energy, or we can use it to our advantage and redirect our sails towards a brighter future. Embrace the wind as an opportunity to push yourself beyond the limits and come out stronger on the other side!”
“If you want to have long-term success as a coach, or in any role of leadership, having an obsession with your craft is essential. It isn't enough to be knowledgeable about what you do - you have to be hungry for improvement.”
“Knowledge is great – it's the foundation for success – but knowledge alone won't get you far. It’s the hunger and passion for improvement that will take you to the next level and stay there long-term.”
“Start celebrating other people's wins and keep striving for your own! Life isn't a competition, so focus on your journey and appreciate the successes of those around you.”
“When the green-eyed monster strikes, it’s how you use that feeling that will make all the difference. Don’t let it turn into envy—use it to power your fire! Find somebody who has what you desire and study their journey—don't judge them on their success, but learn from it.”
“Life is all about making decisions, but it's not the decisions we make that shape our lives - it's our habits. Habits are the daily actions that give us direction and eventually decide where we end up. So choose your habits wisely.”
“Courage doesn't mean feeling no fear, it means having the strength to carry on despite it. When you face your fears, you gain control of your life. Don't be afraid to take the first step and show the world what you've got!”
“Life isn't about getting the perfect hand of cards - it's about taking the cards you're dealt and making the most of them!”
“Leadership is not about having the most power or authority. It’s about having the courage and drive to turn ideas into action.”
“Take risks, make bold decisions, and enjoy the journey of leaving your own unique mark in this world.”
“It was warm and safe and happy-but it wasn't me. [Cassandra Hobbes]”
“Do you know what is an important part of the sport for me? It is giving an opportunity to myself to play it, what is your?”
“A smile costs you nothing but can be priceless to someone else.”
“Love doesn't sit in a bank account; relationships are life's true wealth.”
“If you strip a man of all his material possessions; what he has leftover shows you his true riches.”
“If you strip a man of all his material possessions, what he has left shows you his true riches.”
“A man of self-knowledge transcends life and death and lives in the ecstasy of divine consciousness.”
“This life is futile, what really counts is to love you show to others and the happiness you share together.”
“The day you realize that you can create your happiness out of nothing is the day your life will change forever.”
“The more I lost in my thoughts, the more I found myself.”
“Trist lucru să nu te cunoști măcar pe tine într-o lume plină de măști.”
“Toți suntem buni și răi, deopotrivă. Depinde în povestea cui ne aflăm.”
“Spring and summer are the ones that want winter to come the most because spring and summer owe their beauty to winter! Don't be sad when winter comes to your life, those winters will make your spring and summer more beautiful!”
“Life initially is not difficult to live in but the circumstances we create in the journey of life can damage or mend one's life.”
“When you feel like you are falling into a void and all alone, the most effective thought to comfort you is this: 'This is just a temporary situation!”
“Five "F's"ways to win any circumstances : Fail, Fear, Forget, Fail again and then Fight”
“Be an inspiration to others even at your bad will because 60% of life achievement comes from the the pay-back of inspiring others.”
“New Year, may our hearts open up to the salubrious world of harmony, and let our vision be enlightened to extract the best out of our differences.”
“None Can Kill Me So Easily, I Have To Live Thousands And Thousands Of Families.”
“New Year's resolutions will only truly fulfil us when we resolve to open our hearts anew to the presence of God's everlasting love.”
“See life for what it is - a blessing to be lived - rather than what it is often reduced to; a problem to be fixed.”
“The most important place in life is the corners! Why is that? Because you can't see behind corners and you don't know what will come out of there! Flowers might rain on you or a hammer might hit your head!”
“Finding joy in the mundanity of daily life takes practice. ”
“Seeing through a person's internal dialogue helps you connect with them.”
“Sometimes - by being sure of defeating you - a force attacks you unexpectedly! When you show it that it can’t defeat you, you continue on your way with greater strength by adding the power of the power you defeated to your soul!”
“Certainty is for the fallen. The living have to work with what is probable.”
“Gratitude and contentment don't stop you from pursuing your dreams; they keep your heart from trying to live somebody else's.”
“The measure of a person is not how much they have lived. It is not how easily they jump at a noise or how quick they are to show emotion. It's how they make use of what life has shown them.”
“Get comfortable with greatness, you have not seen anything yet. The best is yet to come”
“Words can cause deep wounds; choose them wisely.”
“God knows that not all lessons are taught in the classroom. Hence, He allows life to teach us some extraordinary lessons.”
“If God can raise the dead and bring them back to life, surely, your situation cannot be too complicated for Him.”
“If life was a product, the rich would remain alive. But it is a priceless gift. Hence, some are gone because life cannot be bought. It is only found in God, the Giver of Life.”
“Life without God is like an aircraft without a captain. It is bound to crash at any time.”
“One day, you will give away your last breath. You may not know when, how and where that will happen. The only One who knows is neither you nor me, but God, the Giver of life.”
“To every living being, breath is essential. To the living God, death must happen, because it is through death that He will meet His children in Heaven.”
“When God calls you into His Kingdom, your way of life will reflect royalty if you serve Him with loyalty.”
“God can restore your life. Put your trust in Him.”
“God is surely in control, be still and trust in Him. He will have your situation sorted out.”
“God remains the same, regardless of the circumstances around you. Trust in Him. He is reliable at all times.”
“God will empower you to do great things when you keep trusting in Him.”
“God will take you anywhere for a good reason in the end. Do not fear. Do not give up and do not lose focus. Trust in Him and He will make a way for you.”
“In the end, all things shall come to an end, but God shall not. That is why He can be trusted.”
“No matter how tough the situation may be, trust in God. He is trustworthy. He can still turn your life around.”
“Trusting in God is an easy way to simplify life. He will give you a plethora of miracles to testify about.”
“Nothing ever goes how you planned it.”
“Never waste your life by living it on the terms and conditions of others.”
“Commitment can open the invisible doors of Success.”
“Time and Energy are the most precious assets in life, If you are investing them in something, always make sure that your reward will be higher than your capability of thinking.”
“Sometimes your reaction reveals unrevealed things.”
“The truth of Life is Death!”
“Things that don't turn out the way you want are disguised to be the best turning points of your life.”
“There are no secrets to life. Life is a secret.”
“Everyday when I go to bed, it's my year end and when I wake up it's my new year”
“Most people fail because they confuse their gurus for their competitors.”
“With the passing of someone whom you loved and have lived with for many years, time will not heal the grief; it shall only alleviate the pain. And the fortunate, may learn to imitate the existence of a normal life.”
“If you derive joy in destroying others, you won't go far in life.”
“When people assume you are happy all the time, they never care about your unhappiness.”
“You tried to make things work. That's the best you could do. Now don't waste your entire life thinking about someone who doesn't think about you.”
“Is it possible to say this: The road was beautiful, but the journey was terrible! Yes, it's very possible, especially when traveling with people who don't have the same vision on life as you!”
“Logic makes you lonely at the rally. And faith makes coming together logical”
“Forgive those who have hurt you and don't let them bring you down any longer. Think about all of the good things you have in your life right now and focus on them instead.”
“Little Moments that bloom in Christmas hue. How beautiful the night shines in the hue of dreams, as if lulling along a distant breeze, wrapped in a cold warmth of a solitary winter's eve! To me, Christmas is always about a bunch of happy moments, simple yet ornate in a colour of joy, something that connects our hearts to all that is pure and pristine, all that is beautifully simple and soulfully happy. And if we look closely, we can find those moments, every day in our regular lives, from sipping on our early morning coffee to munching on our midnight snack, from taking a moment to gaze at the sunset to simply sitting silent listening to our soul, beautiful unfiltered unadulterated moments that often go unnoticed yet remain forever warmed up in the cold embrace of our heart, frozen in a niche of a dream called Life. After all, Life is a beautiful dream. La vie est un beau rêve Stay in Love.”
“Escúchame, solo tú puedes juzgarte, nadie más, solo tú sabes lo que has hecho y lo que no, lo que has atravesado y lo duro que ha sido seguir de pie, ellos no. No les des le poder de herirte.”
“No mueras por mí, ni por nadie. Vive solo por ti. Eso sí que es más romántico.”
“Nunca juzgues a una persona por lo que supones saber de ella, al final solo son eso, suposiciones. Quédate con las impresiones que tú comienzas a formar a medida que la conozcas.”
“Porque al perderme entre los libros puedo imaginar tener una vida diferente. Porque solo los libros te dan la opción de elegir lo que quieras ser.”
“( ) Porque sentía que la única forma de salir del hoyo era enterrando la cabeza en el suelo, porque creía que no había otra forma. Pero sí que la hay. Solo que el camino es más difícil y el dolor dura más.”
“Morir por alguien es fácil, ¿pero vivir? No lo creo. Así que sí, he llegado a la conclusión de que yo no moriría por ti. Yo viviría por ti.”
“A estas alturas todo puede pasar, y eso es lo que me preocupa, que pase todo lo malo”
“No soy tan estúpido como para lanzarme si sé que en el fondo del precipicio solo me espera una horrible caída.”
“Tengo miedo de avanzar porque en la oscuridad solo tienes dos opciones: o encuentras la luz, o te hundes en el vacío.”
“Hoy decido dejar de contenerme.”
“No puedes reparar algo que se rompió hace mucho, ni mucho menos cuando lo que se rompió tiene piezas perdidas.”
“Destruction is necessary to recreate something or return it to its original form. Even the greatest creators, including God, must destroy while making something beautiful. Life is always followed by death.”
“We are a shrine to our destiny. What we achieve depends on what we do”
“The possibilities of life are indeed novel and seemingly my life has crystallized itself in my body of work before death could dissipate it.”
“We betray our dreams to portray our responsibilities”
“We cannot go far in life if we only take the path that everyone is taking.”
“Our ego should be polite with our stream of ideas to get the twinkles of humility”
“Surround yourself with positive people who will support you and encourage you on your journey. Make sure to spend time with your family and friends in order to remind yourself of the things that matter most in life”
“Think about all of the good things you have in your life right now and focus on them instead. The more you dwell on your past, the harder it will be to move on from it.”
“Acknowledge that there's no point in holding onto something that you can't change or that's in the past”
“You have to be honest with yourself about what's holding you back from moving on. Are you holding on to some unfinished business? If so, write it down and confront it so you can deal with it”
“We all have to go through tough times in our life at some point or the other. It's how you deal with these hardships that will determine how successful you'll be in life.”
“if you didn't trust yourself, who else will do”
“Your hula hoop will continue to spin successfully, when you unconditionally stay true to your emotional, mental and self-care needs first.”
“Even if the odds are against you, with God on your side, you can be assured of an extraordinary life.”
“Every person has the right to live. No one should infringe on that right by cutting life short. Only God should make that call as the only Giver of life.”
“God knows how to give life and give it in abundance. Where He is given a chance, He always does His best.”
“Relájate, aplica la regla de los cinco, si no te va a importar en cinco años, no dejes que te atormente cinco minutos.”
“Why are you expecting different answers by knocking at the same door?”
“Ein ehrliches Lächeln huschte mir über die Lippen. Nicht weil ich glücklich war, viel mehr aufgrund der Ironie des Augenblicks.”
“Du verdienst all die unrealistischen Vorstellungen.”
“Der Beginn eines Buches ist wie ein Tauchgang. Immer tiefer und tiefer, bis es einem unmöglich ist aufzutauchen.”
“Dreams are visions of where you want to go. Who you want to be. Life isn’t what it is. It’s what it can be.”
“Everything in this world is mutually exclusive and everything has its natural enemies, so even if you are a ghost, you should still be cautious; it is better not to be too arrogant.”
“To add some human emotions in your pursuit of prosperity, making some new friends will always give you more happiness than earning money. If you blindly seek fame and wealth in the end you will realize that no matter how much money you have it will never be able to fill up the hole in your heart. You may seem like you have everything but in reality, you still have nothing.”
“Life is changing every day Whatever time you got now is yours Life might be complicated Live life to the fullest And for all you know, tomorrow might never be!”
“You’re not in this life for things to go well. You’re in this life to be your deepest heart in all that goes well and in all that doesn’t.”
“To put an end to the desires of the spirit, we must deal with the reality of life.”
“If you want to triumph in life, you must persevere.”
“It's important to enjoy every summer of our life because we are left with one less summer every year.”
“The magic of life is hidden in replacing fear with hope.”
“If you are trying to intervene in someone's life, you must leave yours. Your mind can't be present in two bodies.”
“Sometimes it's like all the problems of life gather in one night and swoop down on you! On that day, you must be stronger than you have ever been in your life; stand firm like a rock! Only a very strong rock can fend off a very strong wave!”
“As you reject the opportunities that come your way throughout your life, you think that life will get tired and will not offer you opportunities! You're wrong! He will give you opportunities until you die, it's up to you to discover and use them!”
“Who can separate race from religion and religion from race, considering that any religion must inherit the culture and traditions of its founder?”
“Dear Daughter, Pray and filter anything that is not from God in your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Choose a good company that will not stain your legacy.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn to be content with your life because that is the only one you have.”
“Dear Daughter, Learn to evacuate any place that could stop you from being great.”
“We are the gardeners of our destiny. How hard we work on the ground, it will not pay off until the season comes”
“Living without thinking is like shooting without aiming; it can lead to missing opportunities and wasting precious moments.”
“After all, we are the masters of our own happiness. For happiness ceases to exist when we rely on someone else for it.”
“Dear Daughter, Make sure that whatever you want, aligns with God's Master Plan for your life.”
“I feel you calling, in the autumn sweet transformation. I have reached my brightest green to the gold burning sun. I have folded my colours into the wind, bright colours taken to the sky. My silk has gone to moisture in the rising atmosphere and I am your colours again, deep and warm. I hear your calling and I answer, I come back to you, to slip inside the dark. Will I be found by the decaying things? Will I be found by the roots and drunk by tree and flower? Will I slip and mingle and roll along, find my way to a river and with it dance, and give myself in a sigh to the ocean? Will I scatter, a few fragments of sand – my body to glisten beneath a caress of moonlight as I make my way towards no more as I find my way to forever”
“Millions of challenges have come to me. Each challenge was decorated with passion and hard work. The place I won all the challenges is the place I got lost in”
“Peace isn’t dead and buried. It is only in a coma. It will spring to life again soon. Very soon”
“No one suddenly understood the very important things about life when they were born because it takes time to understand such things! This time is 5 years for some, 35 for some, 90 years for some, but for some it takes 200 years, 300 years or 1000 years, but this time their lifetime makes it impossible to reach such existential enlightenment!”
“I think we'll get hurt a lot in this life, but maybe it's worth it because sometimes we will experience really amazing things, too. Maybe not everything will end in hurt. But we'll never know if we don't try.”
“No one loves anything they're miserably chained to.”
“The man who claimed money was the root of all evil had no idea what he was talking about. Different generations, or eras, will come up with different solutions.”
“When you overcome all the obstacles that life puts in your way and start walking on a smooth path, a feeling of emptiness occurs rather than a feeling of relaxation and peace!”
“Silence may be a sign of patience, but it doesn't solve anything. Silence works for those who don't care about relationships in life.”
“You can be anything you want in the world; just don't become a prisoner of hatred.”
“Your life will be more splendid than those who choose to become a prisoner of hatred. We must remove the hate in our hearts so there can only be love and compassion. Decide today that, no matter what, you will choose to live a life of love.”
“In generations to come, all thinking will be called overthinking. Everything will be left to fortune to decide, exploring the spiritual realm, thus allowing our imagination to do its job.”
“Morality is about to die out in our generation, even a fool is defended and hidden under the invisible cloak of freedom.”
“New Revelation from Heaven: The sin is not in wine, but in drunkenness and loss of self-control or conscience. If you don't lose your awareness, which isn't guaranteed, then you're good to enjoy your wine in peace.”
“There’s nothing more tedious than pretending happiness when your world is upside down. Don’t pretend. It’s ok not to smile when anxiety is controlling your life. But don’t let the misery envelop you. Take a deep breath and try to fix your world though it may take some time. Remember, there is a way out of despair. You are that way.”
“And then somewhere along the shore of a distant Sunset, she tumbled across her soul, and gently Life walked in.”
“Just do without any thought, and there will be no competition for your simplicity, truth, and perseverance.”
“Fate is an elevator if you click on the luck button, it will rise up to and unless you work hard with passion”
“Over the course of my life, as I have made my Houdini-like escapes from one self-imposed constraint after another, a question haunts me with increasing insistence. How many levels does this game have?”
“Having real friends is rare; the rest are just broken pieces of glass that have already shattered.”
“That which is potentially the best becomes worst when corrupted”
“Es ist schließlich nicht schlimm oder bedauernswert, sein Ziel noch nicht erreicht zu haben. Viel mehr würde ich es als Glück, als Abenteuer, als Leben bezeichnen, seinem eigenen Weg zu folgen, unabhängig davon, inwiefern, oder in welcher Zeit die anderen ihren Pfad bestreiten.”
“Der stigmatisierte Weg eines Menschen. Man wächst auf, betritt die Schule, stellt zur Hoffnung der Eltern keinen Unfug an und schreibt gute Noten. Man verlässt das starre Gebäude, namens Bildungsanstalt, mit weniger Wissen über das Leben, als man sollte, startet eine Karriere, geht mit unter ernsthafte Beziehung ein, oder vertieft Bestehende, die erste eigene Wohnung, man setzt Kinder in die Welt, am besten noch bevor man dreißig ist, alles andere wäre egoistisch, zum Glück ist bald Wochenende, die Kinder werden immer älter, viel zu schnell, und wollen immer gut versorgt werden, hier ein Urlaub, da ein Geschenk, mit Bedacht nie den eigenen Partner vergessen, obwohl es im Bett schon lange nicht mehr funkt, schließlich ziehen die Kinder aus und betreten ihr eigenes Hamsterrad, womöglich steht nun mitunter die erste Midlife-Crisis an, eine Trennung oder ein Betrug oder beides, zum Glück nicht mehr lange bis zur Rente, die ein oder anderen Krankheit und Operationen überstanden, erreicht man endlich den Ruhestand. Mit Glück bleiben einem ein paar wenige Wochen ohne Krankheit, mit einem geliebten Menschenkreis, der womöglich immer wieder erweitert wird, bis dann schließlich das Licht ausgeht. Nichts daran ist falsch. Es ist nicht falsch solch ein Leben zu wollen, womöglich sogar einfach und mit viel unbeschwerlichem Glück verbunden. Jedoch ist dies nur ein Weg von vielen Abertausenden. Natürlich gibt es Grenzen. Ein Mörder, Rassist oder Sonstiges ist kein guter Mensch, der sein Leben lediglich frei entfalten will. Wie so oft gesagt, endet die eigene Freiheit, bei der Einengung der Freiheit anderer.”
“Manchmal fühlte es sich so an, als wäre ich kurz davor. Als würde meine ganze Welt im nächsten Moment implodieren und genau dann frage ich mich, ob meine Sehnsucht gut ist. Schließlich komme ich zu dem Entschluss, die Tür wieder zuzuschlagen.”
“Ich gab Worte von mir, die ich zumeist nicht mal selbst verstand.”
“Ob ich morgen mit Mut oder in hundert Jahren mit Reue im Herzen sterbe, ist eine Entscheidung, die mir wirklich leichtfällt.”
“Ein seichter Nebel lag über dem von Kiefern besetzten Wald und die absolute Stille war eingekehrt. Es war wie die Ruhe vor einem gewaltigen Sturm. Das Einzige, was ich hören konnte, war mein Atem, der rannte, wie ein Reh auf der Flucht vor einem Jäger.”
“Ein Geruch kann uns an vieles erinnern. An die Menschen, die bei uns waren. An die Gefühle, die wir zu dem Moment in uns trugen. An den Klang unserer Seele.”
“Gedankenstücke fetzten an mir vorbei, als hätte ich meine letzte Reise angetreten.”
“Womöglich, weil es in der Gesellschaft selbst heute noch als Schwäche angesehen wird, anders zu sein. Ich verspürte damals eine schreckliche Last auf mir, als ich das Studium abbrach, um das zu finden, worauf ich mittlerweile gestoßen war. Es war keine Last, keine Bürde, es war das Einzige, was ich tun konnte, auch wenn es die wenigsten verstanden.”
“Lebewesen brauchen Bestätigung, um von ihrem Können vollkommen überzeugt zu sein. Sonst existieren Zweifel und Zweifel sind nur einen Schritt entfernt vom Absprung.”
“Die Begrenztheit. Die Begrenztheit unsere Worte, die wir uns gaben. Die Begrenztheit unserer Gefühle. Die Begrenztheit unserer Lebensdauer.”
“Etwas zu spüren und von etwas zu sprechen waren zwei verschiedene Dinge und nicht miteinander zu vergleichen.”
“Meine Gedanken waren laut, zu laut. Ohnmächtig, erstickend laut. Ein Karussell voll mit meinen Problemen, gespickt mit negativen Eigenschaften, die zu verstecken sich versuchten, drehte sich schneller und schneller. Ich stemmte mich in die Erde, doch statt zu stoppen, wurde es schneller und schneller.”
“It's startling to realize how narrowly we avoid, or miss, living radically different lives.”
“When you have nothing, you are open to limitless possibilities. You can be anything. You can do anything.”
“The core of leadership is serving in humility, for humility is the aroma that inspires people to follow and be motivated to make a difference in excellence.”
“Walking alone may not make you happy, but it will make you stronger.”
“Give yourself something that no one can take away.”
“Stand for nothing, and you’re free. No You, is Love. Choiceless unconditional, a limitless life, as it is.”
“When wrong things were happening to me constantly; something right was also happening silently. I was slowly becoming who I am today.”
“AGE IS NOT A NUMBER! It’s a well-earned gift of experiences.”
“We should be humble in our approach. But should not grumble towards life”
“You realize the value of trust in a relationship after it breaks.”
“Our survival instincts give us a true sense of strength.”
“No matter how painful it may be, learn to move on.”
“It is not too early or too late for you to learn. learning is something you must pass through at every phrase of your life.”
“You can't always have the best results in life but you have the power to turn a bad news into a good news. It all depends on how you react to life's challenges.”
“If you have to choose between caring too much and not caring, then choose over caring because that's not bad guilt to have.”
“Death means that life, or the soul, saying goodbye to the body; but that does not mean that life will not continue on different planes.”
“leave everything that didn't go well today behind, and try again tomorrow!”
“Don't allow anger and hurt to build a permanent place in your heart.”
“There is nothing in this world that encourages one to be stronger than seeing people who have been subjected to life's terrible injustices and punches but still not destroyed!”
“Sometimes you wonder why life is been so hard on you. You're not in the wrong place, it's just that life takes turn. When it's your turn, everything will be like a miracle.”
“Don't hold grudges. Don't let people who hurt you have any place in your heart. Neither good nor bad.”
“Under the ties, I understood that I was no longer a carefree child. The real possibility that a person-any person-could leave, hit me for the first time. One day, sooner than I could have imagined, it would be my turn to go. Not like a gentle beach breeze, but like an east wind storm.”
“A dead end is not an end. It is an indicator of taking a U-turn and choosing a different path.”
“Fear puts success at risk. Risk is an Island of achievement.”
“We’re souls lost to a world filled with the ashes of our future. Not meant to be. Not in this lifetime.”
“It is obvious to feel the pain in your heart when people who could understand your silence stop understanding even your words.”
“Only fiction can lend scope for the full play of life”
“I do not want beings to suffer, I want all to live happy healthy lives while ending up with peaceful deaths.”
“Oh the woes of life how they crush the spirit of living.”
“How often in the throes of our trials do we trip over the lesson?”
“Autumn is a place where words fall short. It is a magic that must be felt, breathed, experienced, and treasured.”
“The reason that I'm still alive is because I'm narcissistic enough to think my soulmate would break apart if they do not find me in their lifetime.”
“Life is a sort of a debtors' prison where we are all playthings of fortune”
“Till ye have battled with great grief and fears/And borne the conflict of dream-shattering years/Wounded with fierce desire and worn with strife/Children, ye have not lived: for this is life.”
“The significance of life is that you're significant.”
“Don't judge people on the days when even they don't know what they are doing in life.”
“Weekend means: two days of sunshine will equal five days of rain. Pleasure is always followed by pain and vice versa.”
“I think revenge is the wrong way to make an equal issue, but ignoring and tolerance are the right way to win the full issue .”
“The best thing we learn from some people in our life is that we should never become like them.”
“Human beings are a useful servant living with a dangerous Master Technology”
“When the legends die, the dreams end; there is no more greatness.”
“Feeling lonely even after being in a relationship is a sign that everything is not going well in the relationship.”
“All life has a birthright.”
“I’ve never been afraid of the darkness. It’s always been a part of my life. But I cannot live in the darkness forever. I better change the way I live and start to crawl toward the light.”
“Operating in a high vibrational frequency can be beneficial to your present and future self”
“The world is filled with infinite opportunities. Opportunities are everywhere, waiting to be discovered and grabbed. There is something for everybody. Don’t give up.”
“Por qué lo hiciste- pregunté- por qué le salvaste la vida a Iri?" "Porque estábamos muriéndonos. Porque era el final. Y cuando ves el final, la vida se vuelve valiosa.”
“¡Corred! "De acuerdo"- dijo Halvard- sus ojos revoloteando sobre mi rostro "No trates de ayudarme ni regreses a buscar a Inge, Fiske o Iri. Corres. Te olvidas de ellos.”
“Sometimes even when you try to forgive someone, you fail to do it because you know they will hurt you again.”
“All people have events and accidents in their life, not all people have stories in their life. Those who can overcome accidents and events, their incidents become stories.”
“If they are not loyal to you in your absence, then they are not loyal to you at all.”
“When you become acquainted with love you develop the feeling of hatred simultaneously. It's human nature to hate everything that comes in the way as a hurdle. I have made my life complicated once I learned to hate. It's the heaviest therefore hardest to let go!”
“You are as important to someone as they show you.”
“Writing does not make me rich, but I am enriched every day I write.”
“Ever drifting down the stream ⎼ Lingering in the golden gleam ⎼ Life, what is it but a dream?”
“Be known for your kindness and sympathy, for a kind gesture can heal a wound that only compassion can heal.”
“Each Reading is another form of Time Travel or Experiencing the Multiverse.”
“Wisdom is required not for immortality, but for recreation”
“The sound of silence was beginning to get louder, and familiar. And I was deeply in love with it. Not only does it not involve religious practices, it makes you shed all religious affiliations for ten days. What you are left with is your bare breath. That becomes the only thing you focus on – your personal rosary. There are no pictures of gurus, or even of the Buddha himself. There are no personalised gods or its dubious derivates – dogmas, or godmen – to prostrate before. No hugs, kisses, threads, amulets, satins or holy ash. No holy ‘trap’ of devices designed for an instant osmosis of blessings. No grand trickery that makes life here a hell in promise of a heaven there. It shows us the same arduous path that some of the enlightened men have walked. Men who can only show the path and are not the destination; where they communed with their truth, or, for lack of a better word, their God, in silence. The choice is left to us, to walk, stroll, stray, or squat on that path. [Many men; Ab to Za, all those alphabets and all the other men in between… Same grand truth, revealed in parts… Same path, seemingly different… Same destination…. No single path.] But Vipassana does not offer us the easier path of pleading, coaxing, extorting or seducing such men for easy blessings. It nudges you to start walking. To be your own blessing. To create your own miracles.”
“Our lives are blank canvases on which we paint our choices. There is no right or wrong; the colors just change, and if your painting turns out to be excessively dark, don't be discouraged. There are those who are drawn to the darkness.”
“आत्महत्या से पहले की आख़िरी आवाज़ ज़िंदगी की ओर लौटने की ख़्वाहिश कि संकेत होती है।”
“जवानी और बचपन के बीच की उम्र अंगारों पर चलने जैसी होती है। बचपने भाग कर बच्चे, बड़े हो जाना चाहते हैं मगर युवा अपने अधिकार क्षेत्र में उनका स्वागत नहीं करते।”
“It means you're perfect just the way you are. Don't let anyone convince you otherwise.”
“I thought of neither the future or the past; I lived only in the present."- Madonna in A Fur Coat”
“Eventually life in itself is just a pile of randomly gathered moments and the last one that falls on top of it unhinges the steeple to cause a collapse.”
“The best investment in relationships is the investment of time and emotions. And often that's what people don't care about.”
“Life isn't about escaping but it's all about experiencing.”
“”
“I realized that everything we saw in each other was everything we couldn't see in ourselves. All those good parts. All those loving parts. All those beautiful parts”
“Being alone is better than being in a relationship that makes you feel lost and lonely.”
“For three to one" Kids believe in magic. Adults waiting for hope. Olds appreciate the blessing. -Aron Micko H.B”
“When life is bitter, death is sweet.”
“Don't go by my wrinkles. They grew in years I did not.”
“Primary function of an answer is to empower the question.”
“Bravery without sword is like slavery without lord.”
“Opinions are the defenses we have clandestinely built against our own conscience.”
“Memory is an imagination particularly low on creativity.”
“The more I had of life, the less I did with it.”
“Life is an air bubble. There is enough air without enough layer.”
“Once you are left with no hope, it is hope you are left with.”
“Stop feeling bad if someone criticizes you all the time. Because some people have the habit of correcting others and not themselves.”
“One of the most important things for a person to understand in life is this: What is very important to you may be so unimportant to someone else! Or something that is very important to someone else may be something very insignificant to you! Don't waste your time on reasons for this, that's how it is!”
“When the road to your address in life is tough, you will need to roughly persist until you reach your destination.”
“If what you want is what you cannot do without, then you will not be without it.”
“If what you want is what you cannot do without, then you will not be without it.”
“A sensible person will choose communication over silence to solve relationship issues.”
“someone who elbows you to get you to laugh at his jokes”
“Listen to your inner voice more than the voices of people who never make an effort to understand your point of view.”
“Life doesn't always give us the choices we want. All we can do is make the best of things.”
“Sometimes you get so used to getting hurt in life that you forget how to enjoy when you finally get happiness.”
“I don't agree with your choices", I croaked out. "But I respect that they are yours to make.”
“If you need immortality, then don't be afraid of fire”
“You are irreplaceable only till they don't replace you.”
“Your truth will never matter to those who have already declared you wrong.”
“Brainstorming cannot be done until and unless an attitude becomes character”
“You can go up the ladder of life by running, you can go up slowly, you can go up by stopping from time to time, but you can never go up by sitting all the time!”
“If life gives you any trouble, punch it in the face.”
“My future is my own.”
“Never wish bad for those who gave you good memories.”
“Success is a flower that doesn't grow in everyone's garden”
“Be pure, and no one can imitate you.”
“Watch your mind, and it becomes quiet.”
“Be uninfected, and no one can imitate you.”
“Be evolved, and no one can preserve you.”
“Be unadulterated, and no one can mimic you.”
“Be incorruptible, and no one can buy you.”
“Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we're living right now.”
“Changing with time feels beautiful. But when someone forces you to change, it feels suffocating.”
“Life is based on good and evil, stay on the good side always.”
“ఎదుటివారి జీవితాల్ని చూసి, బలవంతంగా నీ జీవితాన్ని కూడా అలాగే రాసుకుని తర్వాత బాధపడకు. ఈ జీవితాలు అసమానతల కొలతలనే విషయం మర్చిపోకు.”
“Only after experiencing pain can we enjoy pleasure and derive happiness from it.”
“Every seed has a story, but only the ones that make it from the ground get to tell theirs.”
“The most important day in your life is the day when you come to realize who you really are.”
“The real earning of your life is not proportional to the amount you accumulate, but to the life-lessons that you learn through practical means.”
“Be prepared to face the consequences if you blame others for your mistakes.”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth  This is why learning is a never- ending process.”
“Everyone gets things wrong. To make progress, we have to acknowledge our mistakes, learn, and march forward to build a more humane world.”
“All alone I go, all alone, with the light of my inner glow. Everything is luminous now, I am not lonely anymore.”
“No one in this world is more important than you and nothing in this world is more important than your compassion. Let your kindness shine upon them like the Sun and brighten humanity furthermore.”
“Why are we always drawn back to the past? And why do we always end up letting it ruin the present?”
“Bahagia ni datang pada hati-hati yang tenang. Pada jiwa-jiwa yang lapang. Dan, jiwa serta hati yang lapang adalah yang sentiasa memaafkan dan yang selalu ingat Tuhan.”
“Real Beauty is the Light in the Heart that Shines in the Eyes”
“Rule Number 1: To hell with what they think”
“Maybe we'll meet each other in the next life, and maybe next time we'll do it right.”
“It's a struggle, life. Everyone is struggling with something. It's why we've got to be kind to each other, even when it's really fuckin' hard. You just don't know. You can't tell by looking. You can't tell by looking.”
“My eyes speak another language, you just need super powers to read it”
“Value and Power of Time, Prayers and Purpose driven consistency are the strong foundation elements of one’s life.”
“Tuhan memang selalu punya cara indah untuk menghidup-matikan rasa pada setiap makhluk di tangan-Nya.”
“Never let fear stop you from starting.”
“God is the best motivator. Without inspiring people to write these beautiful phrases, many would have strayed from His path. Only a few, translates into many, who will enter heaven. The race, of heaven, began long time ago.”
“God saves all lives. At the same time, there is no death, of the body, without God's permission. Good and evil come together, then bow before God himself.”
“The grave and the toilet never sleeps hangry , eventhough they don't toil for their food.”
“To live in the future, you must survive the present.”
“A successful life is not about attaining a wealthy status, but being able to create a life that guarantees one's happiness, no matter how big or small it may seem.”
“You are the light you seek at the end of the tunnel.”
“Sometimes the fear of disappointing others is greater than the fear of disappointing ourselves.”
“Don't get stuck in right and wrong. Move on with reality be it right, be it wrong. Life goes on.”
“Don't hate back the people who hate you. Such people already have a lot of issues to deal with.”
“The reality of some people in our life is different from what they show us.”
“Even when life becomes very boring, very tiring or even unbearable, never forget: There is no alternative to life; you should definitely look for the solution within the borders of life!”
“Don't allow anyone else to be the judge of your character.”
“Being fully alive requires participating in life completely- you must involve yourself in life with your whole self.”
“Life is for certain an educational, magical, mysterious process- a privilege of our birthright and a gift.”
“You have woken up this morning- and this means you are still meant to be here. You have much living left to do.”
“Go outside, life in storage fades ”
“Don't believe what someone says, believe what someone does.”
“Loyalty should be mutual, not one-sided.”
“To be naive unleashes a true genius.”
“Don't be too harsh on those who are soft for no one but only you.”
“Your biggest life mistake can be your biggest life lesson.”
“Me Right Now lol  Takes 1 Snapchat Selfie and deletes 100 normal selfies…”
“Coz Black is Beautiful!”
“Feel the Vibe ?”
“Lovely Hair = bae”
“These eyes  hypnotize!”
“Life can't always be perfect, thats why we capture memories to look back on!”
“Happiness is the cutest emotion I flaunt with pride”
“A smiling heart makes the soul shine brighter”
“Red is the Colour I LOVE   coz Red is the Colour of LOVE”
“Magic Lasts Longer When Shared”
“The best Gift is to realize how blessed you already are”
“There is always a Reason, when its the Season so lets smile together”
“Being Nerdy is so close to being awesome sometimes”
“Beauty is not in the face, its the reflection of your Soul that will never change nor fade”
“I am extreme in everything I do Can immensely love and can immensely hate U choose”
“My eyes are only a reflection of my Spirit”
“Life is a Canvas given to you to see how colourful you can make it”
“In love with doing things to flaunt my soul, non-temporary things!”
“The older we get, the more our eyes hold, the more expressive it gets!”
“Some random clicks shine brighter than we expect!”
“You never fail to make my smile bigger than it is”
“Sometimes random clicks turn out to be the prettiest of all”
“I ain't that bad with words but I'll let my eyes do the talking!”
“My eyes reflect the passion I hold for my dreams”
“True Elegance is Measured by Simplicity”
“Late night work and random selfies always go hand-in-hand”
“Beauty is a Treasure while Style is a Fortune”
“Love is the only reason behind my glow”
“Fashion is always an instant language  easy to speak and wonderful to feel.”
“I dont just have to be perfect I have to be me”
“When desire and responsibilities collide, love is judged by those who undervalue your needs and those who know you need protection from what you crave.”
“Flowers grew in my comfort zone, but the world waited outside of it.”
“Happiness starts with a cute snout and lots of Fur I promise you it doesn't end here!”
“Make your Mark without Erasing who You are ! . . . Words of Wisdom take or leave!”
“Smile coz its therapy for your heart that cleanses your soul; reflecting in your eyes!”
“Closeup Clicks are Crazily Cute!”
“Do my eyes reflect a vibe?”
“We all glow differently!”
“Coz Yolande means Purple and I'm loving it!”
“Friends are Family and Family is Bae”
“Coz Red is so Dangerously Lovely  U choose Danger or Love?”
“They say eyes reflect reality I believe it!”
“Coz Red is for LOVE and Love is BAE!”
“it’s you i shaped my standards to. you gave me too much personality. i’m sorry you trusted me with that, i’ve stolen it and not done well. does anyone put pins in their hair? is that anyone else’s fantasy. in my memory, everyone does. don’t be disappointed in me, i think if i was less abrasive you’d probably understand why there’s no lifeboat you were never the type for lifeboats, only in emergencies, is that true though? maybe that’s just my imagination. there are probably no pins in hair. ~”
“People who believe in you will never doubt your capabilities.”
“The moment you begin to understand your nightmares, you are truly on your way to victory.”
“Surrendering fully to God is tantamount to a back seat driver; you can yell out your suggestions all you want, but it's best if you sit back and just enjoy the ride.”
“Be hopeful, it may not change your life, but it will help you to feel better about your life.”
“I wish you to know that you are not ( in fact never will be) going backwards. You cannot undo your good or bad deeds & unlearn all that you took so long to learn. Darling listen – Once you squeeze toothpaste out, you cannot put it back into the tube, whoever you may be. You can’t go back in time to reverse what you have already said or done. Be careful of it! But the good news is that everything, good & bad, even your stupidity, mistakes & failures are a part of your progress (unless it was intentional or planned wrongdoing). If you don’t get the desired success immediately, you will learn & if necessary you will learn the same lesson again. Sweetheart, you are always a product of the lessons that you’ve learned. You are what you are, perhaps more wiser, stronger & full of life today because you went through something terrible & survived a bunch of rainstorms & kept walking with humbleness. I wish & hope that you are going to be more driven than ever & be telling a different story very soon. One of victory over everything, success, healing, health, abundance, love, happiness, peace & great joy. Enjoy your journey & think of the bigger picture. Keep your intentions pure & Keep doing your best every day!”
“The hardest part of faith is not in the believing, but in the surrendering.”
“If your are confused! about the society, community, peoples or locality. Just silently observe how they are treating their stary animals or with other people. Who are weak in financial status or in crysis.”
“Live and Love Life, That's it, That's all.”
“You can survive without friends, but you can't live a life full of happiness and fun if you don't have close friends.”
“We are vulnerable,because of being good, good food, comfort zone, quit all these nonsense and see life will be much more spectacular!!!”
“In life, I am harmless, not heartless. At times, I feel hopeless. But in the end, I am never helpless.”
“Reaching a goal is not just about focusing and working hard. It’s knowing when to take a break.”
“Walk away without opening a door behind which you know there is something wonderful to make you happy! That's what it's called controlling emotions! And if you can control your emotions, you will gain a significant advantage over what life has to offer you, life can no longer guide you, you become the decision maker!”
“Blue is said to be the colour of Magic, did you notice or should I blink again?”
“Style can leave someone speechless but I suggest you focus on that Smile!”
“Sometimes we gotta do what we love to love what we do!”
“Either we live through it, and there is no cause for concern. Or we will die, in which case we will not be alive to be worried or concerned with the state of being dead.”
“It feels worse to stay silent when thoughts in your head scream loud.”
“Winning gives you confidence! So learn to celebrate your ‘little’ successes.”
“If success is to be drawn from the well of life, the rope of hard work must be strong.”
“There are always ups and downs in life and the one who overcomes these ups and downs and perseveres till the end becomes successful.”
“You win when you no longer need to hold onto the things that keep you from soaring." - Jill Reid | Real Life”
“Our very nature is truth. It is because of truth that we exist, and it is to truth that we return. It is true, everything about you as you are this echo of infinity. The heartbeat of nature is in you, and you are a pattern of truth as love beats through you.”
“If you think life is taking too much from you, it's only because you allow it.”
“It becomes easy to leave once you realize you didn't belong there.”
“Life without God is like the flower that never blooms, the stream that never flows, the sun that never shines, a kiss that never touches, a word that's never spoken, a smile that's never given, a mountain without a peak, the rain without the drops, the wind without the breeze; a life without God is living without life.”
“Some people lie to save themselves, and some lie to save others.”
“అవును ! నేను మోయలేని కలల్ని తూకం వేసి నా జీవితాన్ని ఈ కాలానికి అమ్ముకుంటున్నాను.”
“Good times ended, and bad times will end too.”
“I wish you to know that it is you alone who can make yourself seen, heard, respected & loved… No one else! What I am trying to tell you is this: The best way to “make others treat you the way you want to be treated” is to treat & conduct yourself very carefully. Sweetheart, you can’t behave like a jerk or scum all the time, snub others & talk in anger or negative language with people, manipulate them & want them to respect you, love you & admire you. How is it going to happen? Darling listen – I want you to watch your manners, behaviours, words & doings very carefully, keep your promises & prioritise your own health, mental wellbeing & life purposes over everything else. I want you to start dressing well, begin to smile more during every interaction & start showing your competence & capabilities in every engagement. All the successful people & celebrities know this & this is how they live everyday. Let you also begin to bring out your own star qualities for all to admire. I mean identify what you are good at & start giving it breath, time, space & life, more than anything else… Visit my website, if you wish to know more about the blueprint to instruct others how to engage with us. Keep going! I am rooting for your success, your good health, happiness, healing & peace. Stay Incredibly Blessed!”
“Some people are good at pretending that they are innocent.”
“I have lived long enough to understand that life is not about them or I but us. And living is definitely about me.”
“Love is a choice, including to love God. It is an exercise of will. As we will to work to support our families, as we will to go for a workout or study for a test. Love is more than a feeling it takes effort and action on our own part to exist.”
“People sometimes assume everything about you but in reality know noting about you.”
“You are not guilty about someone else progressing, you are guilty about not moving enough.”
“Other side of fear lies freedom.”
“People choose unhappiness by loving those who don't love them back.”
“The ugliest form of love is when you defend the one you love, even after knowing they have repeatedly wronged you.”
“Please wait for me a little more longer”
“Life is a journey filled with highs and lows: focus on learning from the lows, and living life to the fullest through the highs.”
“If you give love, you deserve to get love.”
“Love should make you humble and happy, not insecure and depressed.”
“If a small bolt on the train tracks loosens and breaks, the train will derail! This applies to planes, cars and everything! Being alive means that a thousand bad things that could happen have not happened! It's always a miracle if you're alive, know that!”
“LIFE AND LOVE, ARE AGELESS”
“Once in a while, shut off your head and listen only to your heart.”
“Life is legitimately an organized affair and experience, however one that is interesting for many reasons, one being the complete unpredictability of mass events and outcomes.”
“No one makes mistakes in life. We only do what our level of awareness allows us.”
“I journey through life daily, embracing love from where I can and giving love to whom I can.”
“I am wonderfully & beautifully created in the image of God.”
“life is a long while take your time and stop to smell the roses”
“It's rare to have such people in life who understand the scars you carry in your heart.”
“Relationships last forever only when you work on them forever.”
“The days on earth are numbered; so life is too short to wake up in the morning with penitence. So, cherish the people who treat you right and ignore the ones who do not.”
“Are you so goddamn sure of yourself that you're stupid? How can anyone so smart be so stupid?”
“Do not desire to attain God, but desire to be one with Him.”
“Wishing to be enchanting like a flower that spreads fragrance and delighting in its life even though it's life is short.”
“Some will live your dream and some will live your past but it depends on you, what you make out of life.”
“Why are women forced to wear a bra anyway? I miss old African days whereby we could roam our land with our breasts free. The world has mastered the best ways of suffocating a Woman. It's heartbreaking.”
“The Clothing World Fashions the Ugly Filthy Body We Carry. But Beauty Comes from The Heart”
“I'm tired of running inside my head. I just want to lie in bed. But things are just getting started. How can I escape Can I close my eyes and not open them again? Can I draw me in pain Can I write me this broken I don't know how to deal with what I'm feeling I feel like crying Tears started shedding Problem is a like a pill Making myself sleeping Just for a moment of escaping Feels like I'm dreaming Can someone come and save me I am not me I'm inside of me. ”
“Alone" doesn't mean "lonely". It means being brave enough to find your own sanity through loneliness and misery.”
“Troubled I tried to gamble It is true that pride is the hardest thing to swallow.”
“Asking for a reason for your existence It is like questioning someone in silence. I felt rusted in this world full of gold, that even if I made myself brand new, everyone already knew.”
“You hate me for being me. I also hate myself for being me. I hope that I am not me. Being me doesn't mean I am feeling me. I sometimes don't know why I'm acting this way. I hope I can go far away. ”
“I don't like hearing words that might trigger me, but people really want to test me. I wish I could shut my mouth when I hear voices inside my head. I didn't mean to say hurtful words. I only wanted my words to be heard.”
“When you have that mindset that things are easy if you learn them, remember that learning is the shadow of hard work. Learning without hard work will not work.”
“You never know when the best day of your life will come  or when it has passed.”
“To live life bravely is to pass through a fire without hesitation even for a second when it is necessary to pass through it! What about living life wisely? It is something very different; it's about calculating, choosing the right time and wearing fireproof clothing!”
“You will be always remembered for your kindness and not for your arrogance.”
“Life is an experience that the majority of us miss and regret at a later stage, so never miss an opportunity to smile, live a moment, cherish, and make someone smile. That is what life is all about.”
“We all wish a fearless and safe life. And that’s our human right, regardless of where we come from.”
“Ada mimpi yang harus diubah atau ditunda Ada senyum yang harus dibuat atau disimpan,.”
“”
“”
“EMPATHY The Word " ”
“The Word " EMPATHY " isn't use only just about your pain.”
“We are not judged by what we do, but by what we are capable of doing.”
“Maybe that's what love is all about. That some love stories only end in a 'happily'  without the ever after. That some girls end up loving one man for all their lives and some men kept loving one girl, even after he met a lot. Maybe that's what love is all about. Maybe ”
“मेज के इस पार से उस पार होते ही सोच और समझ में भारी बदलाव आ जाता है !”
“«Για να φανεί η αξία σου πρέπει να υπάρχει γόνιμο έδαφος. Ακόμη και αν ο καρπός είναι πρώτης ποιότητας, αν τον ρίξεις σε άγονο έδαφος, δε θα βγάλει καρπούς». Απόσπασμα από το βιβλίο "Στη Σεούλ”
“The quiet regrowth of a forest, fertilized only by its own burnt flesh, is what I think of when I think of survival. When we are able to look death in the face and prosper because of it, and not just despite it, we prove that to live is to contradict.”
“Life is a constant state of exploration and evolution. Twelve years ago, I wrote that I was on a journey of discovery and change. This has turned out to be the one phrase that has stayed true throughout all the alterations in my life and in my way of thinking.”
“We try to be perfect to meet other people's expectations. But making good choices--I think that's on us. We do good because we see value in good.”
“Today I am determined to rejoice in what we've gained, rather than what was lost. Both in the world, and personally.”
“The best proof that nothing will change in the world if humankind does not change is the development that takes place only technologically.”
“Every thought is only a hindrance by the mind from realizing the self and being left only with intelligence that has no emotion anymore.”
“There are only two kinds of races in humanity, those concerned with the self and those who are satisfied with their liberation from it.”
“Kamu tidak akan tahu apakah dibalik kabut itu ada jalan, jika kamu tidak berani melangkah melewatinya,.”
“Sometimes life puts a red light in front of you and tells you to stop! If you stop, you become a coward in the eyes of life; if you pass, life rewards you, because life favours courage!”
“Sometimes the bright sun rises behind the high mountains, sometimes the luminous full moon rises, sometimes black storm clouds appear! Such are the days of life, sometimes hope and sometimes despair emerge from the horizon!”
“Troubled Tried to gambled It is true that pride is the hardest thing to be swallowed.”
“By forgetting everything you have learned, that is the moment you start educating.”
“If perception is limited, why do so many almost sacrifice their lives to satisfy it?”
“And when someone tells me that they want more out of life, I think of how capitalism conditions us to chase dopamine, to always want more. Instant gratification has white knuckles from death gripping our attention. We share our lives online only to have ourselves sold back to us. We are taught that there is always more, but only if we can afford it.”
“The more focused you were on the activity, the less focused you were on everything else. You kind of stopped being you and become the thing you were doing.”
“Luck is where fate meets hard work”
“As we grow up, we should know who belongs in our lives and who doesn't. Knowing that, we should learn to embrace those who challenge us, inspire us and are excited of us. We should learn to closely embrace those who are ready to give us a shoulder to lean on and walk with us during the best/worst journeys of our lives. Those are the ones to spend a lot of time with, as from them we learn the power of giving and not just receiving.”
“When luxurious things are accessible at discount, Don’t buy. It will eschew you from repentance.”
“Health is the foundation of all human judgments, That’s why first thing we ask anyone during meeting is; How are you?”
“Dig, then dig a little deeper; refusing to stop until things become real.”
“The more bullshit we have in our lives, the more unreal we’re being with ourselves.”
“Honesty always give good rewards.”
“You only know you're in love when you've been possessed by the ghost of poetry.”
“Why do some people continue loving, even those who suffocate them?”
“man and wife respect for life”
“Life is the slow change from who we used to be into who we are now.”
“The purpose of life is to live; as long as one can.”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?' 'Aren’t we all?”
“I am running and running, God knows where; God knows why?” “Aren’t we all?”
“If only our lives had background music.”
“We are nothing but supporting characters in an endless novel, not essential, not consequential. just there for the sake of it.”
“Sisyphus was an entitled brat! The hero of his own story. We, however, are much worse. We are nothing but supporting characters in an endless novel, not essential, not consequential. just there for the sake of it.”
“In my journey through the ever-changing seasons of life, I have learnt that winter is inevitably followed by a gorgeous spring and every spell of rain gives way to brilliant sunshine. What’s more, I have learnt that winter snow and drenching showers can be beautiful too. We just need the right eyes to look at them.”
“Not all that was good was in the light; there was good in the dark too, if you bothered to look.”
“The question is banal but one of the real troubles with living is that living is so banal.”
“Well, it’s like this. We choose to stay and to let go. We ask guidance from God with our choices. We align our desires to the opportunities presented. But sometimes, even if we want something or someone so badly, we just can’t have them. Either circumstances do not allow it, or we are just not the choice.”
“परम्पराएँ, हमारी धारणाओं की नींव पर खड़ी ऐसी इमारत है जिसका शिक्षा और शास्त्रों से कोई सरोकार नहीं है।”
“Life is like the ocean. Sometimes, there will be sunshine and harmonious dance in each wave. Then, a time might come when storms are gonna hurl in, crashing everything apart in their way.”
“The irony of being a good person is that you understand a bad person very well.”
“It is better to take fully of life,' he told her and swallowed with a sigh of contentment. 'Savor it, feel the spice, acknowledge the heat and the tears,”
“Life is the greatest gift from God, love it and live it to it's fullest.”
“Drunk I am today. Today I am drunk. With the book of life open before me, thwarted, blank, I sit here before you all.”
“Człowiek miewa w życiu takie chwile, że lubi otaczać się przedmiotami, które przypominają smutek.”
“If you don’t choose to find joy in today, what makes you think you’ll find it in any of your tomorrows?”
“Parched fields, rusted farm fences, forlorn stone and mud-thatched houses. Rotting scarecrows everywhere, except the dancing squirrels nothing moves.”
“Our hope begins to tremble. Our dreams begin to sway. Is it the beginning of the end of mankind’s reign on earth? We don’t know. We really don’t know. We may, as a species, pass on too. The earth keeps finding something new.”
“I’ve been here for years but I have never seen the light. However, I’ve never been afraid of the darkness. It’s always been a part of my life.”
“If your thought doesn’t open the gates of kindness, it isn’t going to take you anywhere.”
“Get everyone on your side, and you'll be the king.”
“Every country, every state, every person has a different standard of beauty. But the only one you have to live up to is your own.”
“Our life is like seasons, sometimes there is sunshine and sometimes there is rain. But there is always going to be the night to calm it down and eventually a bright new day.”
“I've learned it's okay to love more than one person.”
“In the essence of a human, all it needs is food, water, protected space to develop naturally, and sex to maintain evolution. Most of what the human mind does is poison its food and sewage, limit the protected space through greed, and confuse sexuality with the price of evolution.”
“The only thing we have inside us is hope, hope that pulls us from our miseries, hopes that keep us going and enable us to carry on; a hope that one day someone will hear our voices and help spread our message to the world.”
“Bright perfection wore on the nerves after a while, and Solanji relaxed into the soothing absence of expectation.”
“How much of your life had been happenstance? How much of your life had been a roll of the big polyhedral die in the sky? But then, weren’t all lives that way? Who could say, in the end, that they had chosen any of it?”
“Peace is the ultimate achievement to realize in life.”
“Live like the water droplets on the lotus's leaves, connected yet disconnected, and be open to letting go when u have to.”
“Life is like an Ocean! You either swim to stay on the top, or do nothing and sink to the bottom!”
“When something goes wrong, there is a reason for it and then there is an explanation for it. Stay aware, don't confuse the two.”
“Don't dislike someone just because they don't like you.”
“Don't envy people that are doing better than you, instead try to find out what makes them better than you and use it as your guide to a better life.”
“ Soma dies; pneuma departs; only sarx remains,” it said in a voice that was a paradox: both sonorous and entirely without tone. “So it has always been; so shall it always be; life sucks, then you die.”
“The next time you start regretting something you did, something you said, that life-changing choice you made—please remember that you did the best you could. You made the decision you felt was best for you at the time. And even though the outcome you desired turned into something completely different; maybe you were always meant to be exactly where you are right now. Maybe that relationship was supposed to end, even though you didn’t want it to. Maybe some things fall apart so that something else more beautiful can come together. Maybe even though it doesn’t feel like it right now, this—this small yet giant, mighty yet magic little moment—was always where you were supposed to end up. So don’t wistfully wish for what could have been. You did the best you could, the best way you knew how. You were meant to be here.”
“Live every day your way, and wear your blessings well. In Jesus name, amen.”
“I know that your beautiful eyes with or not make up are designed to see beyond you think.”
“Temple is a hospital for a wounded soul, and prayers are the healing medicine.”
“If you trust the wrong person so much how much will you trust the right one”
“If you are not travelling, you are living in a deep well and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but also you don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.”
“There are many paths to peace but every path begins from you.”
“What can be more gorgeous than the sunlight streaming through the flowers? Glowworm crawling among the fallen leaves at night, or an act of random kindness, perhaps.”
“Fearlessness is the greatest form of freedom.”
“One thing about life is that some will lose while some will win but if you focus too much on the negative side of life you will end up a loser.”
“Always remember in life your thoughts makes you who you are”
“Ma poi si finisce per avere nostalgia anche delle abitudini peggiori. Sono quelle che si rimpiangono di più, perchè formano una parte essenziale della propria personalità”
“It’s not always the strongest trees that survive the storm. Sometimes it’s the trees that bend with the wind.”
“Enhancing One’s Story "It is easier to move forward when you’re happy with your story.”
“Its Life Not Our Dreams”
“If you can, get rid of all your stupid money and career ambitions and sit on the beach on a quiet night and watch the full moon! You've been running around all your life and you missed the real beauties of this world! Now focus on these true treasures of life!”
“For the most part, we are the determinate factor for the consequences of our life. The belief others should add importance and statute to our life is infantile and a sign of weakness. The strong create meaning and purpose for themselves.”
“Life is a bowl of blueberries, sometimes you have to sort out the sour ones.”
“Life is a bowl of blueberries, sometimes you have to pick out the rotten ones.”
“Само во мене, таму каде што самотно првка душата има малку простор за бегање ”
“Jangan bertanya apa mau ku, cukup pahami bagaimana luka kaki ku. Jatuh berkali-kali namun tak pernah benar-benar patah,.”
“Wherever we are, we want to be somewhere else.”
“People ignore death but death never ignores people.”
“Keep your mind strong with knowledge; keep your heart strong with faith.”
“Unfollow your heart if your heart is not following Allah.”
“We clean our house when we invite someone, we must clean our hearts if we want to invite Allah.”
“Peace and Jealousy cannot live in the same heart .one of them must leave.”
“O heart, do not lose your kindness for kindness is your greatness.”
“When a broken heart heals, it becomes stronger than anything in the world.”
“The growth of Sentiment is the increase of suffering; man is never entirely miserable until he finds out how wronged he is and fancies that he sees far ahead a possible freedom.”
“Always be careful of how you make others feel, because feelings have power to soothe or break a heart.”
“When your strength is Allah, your strength never ends.”
“If you wish Allah to accept it, let your heart bring it to Allah.”
“How covered is your body depends on how covered is your heart with Imaan.”
“No one can break your heart unless you hand it to them.”
“The hearts of others are as real as yours, be gentle.”
“To see your outer self you need eyes and a mirror but to see your inner self you need heart and your heart becomes your eyes and a mirror.”
“Fall a thousand times but never let your courage fall even once.”
“Your Fikr in my mind , Your Dhikr on my tongue , Your Shukr in my heart.”
“The best gift you can present to Allah is your heart wrapped in repentance.”
“There is no door or a window, the heart opens with cracks and breaks.”
“Total submission to Allah swt brings peace of mind and heart.”
“We see our eyes with our own eyes, we see our mind with our own mind, and we see our heart with our own heart.”
“The one who carries the fire of true love in his heart, melts the hearts of others.. Like the winter sun melts the snow.”
“The value of a heart increases with every break.”
“Anyone can build a masjid, because we all have hearts, turn your heart in to a beautiful place of Ibadah .. Build that masjid for Allah.”
“Hearts may forgive but they never forget.”
“The world's poverty reveals the poverty of the hearts of rich and powerful.”
“Don't expect others to help you when you are never there to help them.”
“I feel so lonely; and this dark loneliness makes me feel so much pain.”
“Nowadays I'm floating between helplessness and loneliness. I hold so much sadness.”
“Spirituality is about being fully present, fully alive, fully alert, fully at peace and in that state of true awe and wonder.”
“Never forget that every moment is a miracle. That's the goal of spirituality, to never forget that.”
“To tap into that infinite source of beauty and amazement, all you have to do is close your eyes, turn your attention inward and breathe.”
“When you become pure awareness and you just observe what “is” with your attention turned inward, and you really tap into that essence of pure consciousness.”
“It's so common to fear the unknown and fear what we don't understand, but that's one of the most important things we can come to accept because it's the only truth there is. When you have full trust and faith in the universe, there's nothing to fear.”
“Death is the great equalizer. No matter how rich or how poor, we're all going in the same direction.”
“God and the universe are really interchangeable words. The universe loves us, God loves us. Have faith in the universe, have faith in God. It's all the same. If God is everywhere then God is the universe and you don't have to believe in God to believe in the universe.”
“We get attached to certain people and forms and things and situations. But the truth is, things will always change and by understanding that on a deep level we won't be surprised when it happens to us. We can more easily face loss and surf the now.”
“Life is all about enjoying the good times while they're here and knowing they won't last. And when the bad times come, we know they won't last either.”
“Meditation is not about the time you're sitting down with your eyes closed. It's about how that time impacts the rest of your day and the rest of your life. Meditation isn't just for sitting either. Every single moment of our lives can be a meditation.”
“Give hope to your inner self to rise above with your self-esteem, work through it and you will succeed.”
“The dreaming, the making, the resting— all part of the creative process.”
“Master ignoring the unnecessary worry and embrace the positiveness that gives you the confidence to face any issues you might stumble upon.”
“Build walls of self-esteem and self-confidence in order to make sure the Vibes are just the ones you really wanna feel ”
“Your attitude helps build the future you, learn to Improvise by learning from your previous mistakes and deciding to never walk those roads again.”
“Be a light of your own darkness, bloom with immense light within to surpass all obstacles in life…”
“No one should persecute someone because of their differences in opinion on the matter. However, without reasoning, there will be no progression.”
“It’s hard to tell. Who is alive? Who is dead? We all look same here. We all are stung, harshly stung by life. However, we’ve to survive and we’ll survive.”
“Life is very simple and everything is crystal clear. Only our thoughts are complex and vision, blurred.”
“All of us are busy but how about doing nothing for a while and listening to everything that has been longing to speak to us.”
“Life is a time leased by Death”
“You are the main lead of your own life”
“ONE FAILURE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED SUCCESS; ONE TREACHERY TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED FAILURE; ONE INJUSTICE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED TREACHERY; ONE LOVE FAILURE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED INJUSTICE; ONE DEATH TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED LOVE FAILURE; ONE LIFE TEACHES MORE THAN A HUNDRED DEATH”
“Hidup bukanlah salah satu antara tragedi atau komedi. Hidup adalah tragikomedi.”
“And finally, due to the flood of needs, desires have drowned and died.”
“Life is like a book, the more you go through it the more you learn from it.”
“Your action is pure when your intention is pure, your intention is pure when your heart is pure. So keep your heart pure and your life beautiful.”
“If you are beautiful on the outside, people's eyes are on you but if you are beautiful on the inside, people's hearts are on you.”
“Let your heart tell Allah that you love Him and let your actions tell others that you love Allah.”
“He, who forgives, purifies his own heart.”
“The inner craving of success will help you achieve your goals and rise above all ”
“Be better today than yesterday as new opportunities may arrive giving you a chance to be a better version of yourself.”
“Rise higher when you fall  be confident to face it all  and focus on making the impossible possible!”
“Never justify yourself for who you are, your attitude leads to whom you want to be…”
“Mentally prepare for what you have been striving for and work on it step by step to make your dream a reality ”
“Stairs are the only option to reach your desire, just take a new step and keep walking till you reach where you wish to be ”
“The purpose of life is to lift up yourself, motivating yourself, and stay optimistic all the time; to be who you really are!”
“Don’t stop yourself to follow your dreams, continue following your dreams, and be someone whom you never expected to be ”
“Plant the seed of hard work and eat the fruit of success ”
“Engage yourself in work so that there is no time for regrets, stay focused on your work, and ignore the negative energy ”
“Choose the right career path and with passion continue working on it ”
“The power of confidence is to start believing in yourself and increase your potential to be who you want to be…”
“Be confident in your own skin and face your insecurities with pride.”
“Self-belief is the key to define the future, make your own path, and reach the destination of your life ”
“Courage can gift you with immense opportunities; you just need to try and take a leap of faith ”
“Being yourself is not a failure, it is a win towards your own problems and so fight your battles, increase your inner strength and be tough ”
“Everything seems impossible until it has happened.”
“Glorious feelings don't need permission, you just need to maintain positivity so that comfort and consistency finds its way to build your dreams.”
“Like a star you shine bright, like the moon you throw light, make your own luminosity so strong that no one ever dulls your life ”
“Self-believing and self-realization will help you become stronger mentally and will guide you to take proper decisions in your life ”
“Proving something to yourself is more important than proving anything to others.”
“Life takes a magical turn when you start believing in yourself, cast your own spells, and see your life-changing ”
“Fearless is another word for self-confidence, staying fearless like a beast, and not giving up on being successful is an achievement in itself…”
“Self-esteem and pride are the two main tools that build confidence, don’t lose them or you will lose yourself ”
“Your attitude decides your victory, follow your intent, plan your strategy and win the rewards of life…”
“Don't doubt your instinct of becoming bigger, follow the intuition and grow in life because intuition guides you to be more assertive and self-dependent ”
“Inhale positivity and exhale negativity because positivity will resolve 90% of the issue most of the times!”
“Self-confidence is one of the sharpest weapons you have and I am sure losing it isnt wise!”
“Do not compare yourself with others as you are greater than you think you are ”
“To start something, you need an idea and to work on it you need confidence, so plant the idea and let the confidence grow with time!”
“Crawling across the barren ground, life was hard for the tiny colorless caterpillar. But today, she shimmied in delight like a ballerina twirling before a great audience. She transformed into an iridescent butterfly full of mystery and wonder. As she took flight on a magical adventure, she was caught in a spider’s web. Her story was just beginning.”
“Avoid those who value money and support those who value humanity.”
“Somehow, from where I started, I’ve taken two steps forward and about a hundred steps back.”
“Dream it, to achieve it! because dreams will turn into reality only if you start working on them!”
“Dream higher to reach higher, never lose faith and watch how things go great!”
“There is no easier way to success, strive hard and work smart ”
“There comes a time in your life when you don't care what others think of you! because deep down you are sure of what you are.”
“People don't care whether you fall in the dirt or the shit on you. If you get dirty, it's only your fault.”
“A real human being does not recognize people by money but by personality.”
“If you want to be respected by your younger ones, learn to respect your elders.”
“Do not blindly trust anyone except your parents, otherwise, you can be deceived a lot. Here everyone is a friend of his greed, nobody cares about your feelings.”
“In this dark age, parents also give utmost importance to the child who is most successful in life. So what can we expect from others?”
“MY PARENTS HAD GROWN ME TILL MY BIRTH, THE REST OF MY LIFE WAS GROWN BY MY ENEMIES”
“You can take a road that gets you to the stars, I can take a road that will see me through.”
“For to be a next event. It depends on this current event success.”
“Life imitates art and art imitates life until imitation imitates imitation - Reality TV.”
“I still don't know if Darwin, with his theory of natural selection, would have made an excellent lawyer or judge in court.”
“Cách một người chấp nhận số phận và những đau khổ của mình, cách một người dám vượt qua những thử thách đó đem lại cho người ấy nhiều cơ hội để hiểu được ý nghĩa sâu xa hơn của cuộc sống ngay cả trong những hoàn cảnh khắc nghiệt nhất.”
“Challenges have no limits, strive to be the best and seek success.”
“Every step a beginner takes leads him to be an expert someday!”
“Believe in yourself because that is the actual start to planning and executing your goals.”
“Hard work will only pay off when you actually start working hard!”
“Focus on goals, take small steps, keep your targets in mind & never give up coz there is no shortcut to success!”
“Working as a team only allows you to achieve set goals but if you surround yourself with the right companions, you ought to achieve much more ”
“Passion comes naturally when you like what you do, but confidence builds only once you believe that you are the best at what you love.”
“You won’t get applause if you don’t work for a cause!”
“Focus on your skills then improve it, the more you improve the more you grow…”
“Consistency is the key to build an empire, be consistent and continue to follow your dreams.”
“The blessing of the day is to wake up and start working on your goals as planned.”
“Determination is the root of success, believing in success will make you unstoppable and your dream will bloom into reality ”
“It broke her heart that the boy she loved was taken so tragically and so unexpectedly. She never got to say goodbye. She wished she could sit with him, talk to him, and hear his voice one last time. She would sacrifice anything to hug him and kiss him once more. The moment she lost Robert in that fateful accident, it was as if she had lost her reason for living, and she felt her life begin to race tragically towards its inevitable end.”
“Beginnings commence the sure end.”
“The success and failure of an agreement is a result of how expectations, conditions, benefits, and consequences are understood and managed.”
“My blood will speak on my behalf.”
“Ali nisam mogao a da se živ ne pojedem danima razmišljajući o tome kako znati što je za tebe dobro ili loše, koja je odluka ispravna ili pogrešna. Kako na bezbrojnim životnim raskrižjima znati koji put vodi u propast, a koji ka sreći koja ipak samo zakratko odgodi taj naš posljednji pad koji će jednog, možda baš poput današnjeg vedrog i lijepog jesenjeg dana doći, ma što god mi u međuvremenu činili ili propuštali da učinimo.”
“Everyone has a version of what happened. Each of them is true. None of them is complete.”
“I began to wonder why i should struggle to stay alive, when i did not want to live. It was getting dark again, and i was alone on the moor.”
“A bad memory can lead to sadness but a good memory will keep you happy, now you know what you wanna choose!”
“Be humble and be kind for then it is your life that will yield happiness in abundance.”
“Connect your consciousness and bring out the joy and happiness from within ”
“INK Everything we know The things that haunt us in our sleep The scars, The joy, The sweat, The tears Is just a bit of ink.”
“We often delay and sometimes even abandon the commencement of things entirely, primary because of the foreseeable end we have in mind.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits, and consequences.”
“With an agreement comes expectations, conditions, benefits and consequences.”
“Seek fulfilment. Not acceptance.”
“Meditation replace medication ?!”
“The rook is my favorite piece.’ she said. ‘It’s the one you think you don’t have to watch out for. It is straightforward. You keep your eyes on the queen, and the knight and the bishop, because they are the sneaky ones. But is the rook that often gets you. The straightforward is never quite what it seems.”
“The blood that I shed due to your abuse had life. And everything that has life speaks. The voice of my blood is bigger than mine. So, enjoy the sleepless nights, listening to my blood, as it recites all the stories of violence that you’ve caused against me.”
“Life is not about vicinity, it is all about cherishing the divinity.”
“There are two things one should always question: one's reality and oneself.”
“Energy and focus do not come with success and wealth. Success and wealth come from having energy and focus.”
“Don't assume the world to be only bad, only good, or only worse. As the matter of fact is, there are good people, then there are bad people and finally, there are worse people in every walk of life and experience. Let your story be told through the wisdom of life.”
“I will fight forever, for my life, for my freedom, for every bit of light left in this dark world.”
“Life is all about discovering your true self and helping someone discover their true self without consideration, expectation, and returns. And I think that is what life is all about and what is to be a human.”
“Internal bleeding is more dangerous even joy becomes a burden when you can't love.”
“Time always moves forward but it is only when you have something to look forward to, life moves forward.”
“We are only in control of our actions not their ripples.”
“Sometimes in life, it is necessary to be a colourful flower that can be noticed even from far away; sometimes you have to be a green frog in green algae that cannot be noticed even up close! You need to know when to shine and when to hide!”
“We deny truth when it becomes an inconvenience.”
“The funniest thing about life is when we walk on the uncertain road called life, we act as if the path is certain! Why? Because we are terrified of uncertain paths!”
“Happiness lies in peace, it can take us a minute or even years to accept this fact.”
“Happiness is not a path it is a destination.”
“Positivity keeps a person happy, it’s all about the VIBES!”
“Make your soul happy by doing simple things.”
“Surround yourself with people who bring mental peace and joy in your life.”
“Sell what others can't! Always remember  UNIQUENESS IS VALUED!”
“Plan your dream but focus on your goals!”
“The ultimate stimulation is being underestimated and then over exceeding expectations!”
“Connectivity is the key to grow your opportunities.”
“Deliver what others never expected and watch how you climb the ladder of success faster ”
“Become a legacy by building your own empire but don’t forget to thank everyone who was part of your success!”
“Start Now! but believe in Yourself, Take Baby Steps One Day, you’ll leave behind the Rest!”
“Don't doubt your skills improve it, levelling up is the way to go!”
“No need to prove anything to anyone when you already understand your self-esteem.”
“We all need to Ignore the regrets, accept change and live a happy life only then can we say we moved on to a better Future!”
“Some decisions are not made to live a life without pain but to live a happy life with future gains ”
“Don’t give the key of consent to someone unworthy!”
“Value your ideology and believe in your self-esteem!”
“Achieving something in life brings great joy and happiness.”
“Never settle for others, settle for yourself and bring peace and joy within.”
“The more the merrier to share the Joy that’s achieved when we succeed, but dont forget the ones who held your hands during the Journey.”
“Your own lamp of light shall seek you happiness in time, always remember!”
“Your joy is directly proportional to the efforts you put in, so hold ur expectations to the size of your efforts.”
“Be a rose that gives fragrance of overwhelming happiness not a thorn that pricks unexpectedly.”
“If you Seek you shall Find  Many beautiful reasons to stay happy in every season.”
“Enjoy every moment with yourself even if your standing alone coz some people won’t even travel half way through in crowds.”
“You deserve to be held responsible for your own happiness.”
“Be a dewdrop and spread happiness in the lives of others because life is too short to waste time thinking you cannot!”
“Give your family the happiness they deserve and seek peace within because at the end Love is all we are accountable for!”
“Self-worth is another meaning of happiness to those who want to believe!”
“Life smiles at you when you smile at the obstacles of life.”
“Don't just aim for the Sky, look further into the stars and reach out to the Galaxy!”
“Don't be a mediocre standout and be a boss!”
“Envision yourself to be what you want!”
“Stay low grow slow, talk less do more!”
“Whatever excites you whatever calls you whatever fills you with a desire to make that is the place to begin; art will meet you there.”
“आम्ही ते आहोत ज्यांना जन्मताच आशेतून बाहेर काढले जातो नंतर तो मोठा होताच पुस्तकांचे ओझे टाकले जातो मोठ्या लाडाणे ठेवले जातो खुप प्रेम दिला जातो कधीकधी चुकांवर फटकारले सुद्धा जातो तर कधी खोडसाळपणावर आम्हाला मारले पण जातो मग आम्ही रडल्यावर आम्हाला प्रेम केला जातो आणि मोठ्या लाडाने आम्हाला समजावले जातो की तू मुलगा आहेस अस रडायच नसतो. आमच्या नेत्रामधील अश्रूंना डोळ्यांच्या तुरुंगात टाकले जातो तर आमच्या भावनांना आमच्या डोक्यात बांधल्या जातो. आमची क्षमता आमच्या गुणांवरून मोजली जातो तर आमची स्थिती आमच्या कपड्यांवरूनच सांगीतली जातो. आमचा बळ आमच्या भुजांवरूनच मोजला जातो तर आमचा सौंदर्य आमच्या चेहऱ्यावरूनच समजला जातो आणि आम्ही केलेल्या गोष्टींना वेडेपणा समजला जातो तर आमच्या अपयशावर आम्हावर हसले जातो आणि आमच्या यशाला नशिबाचा टॅग दिला जातो आमच्या प्रेमाला सहजपणे वेडेपणा म्हणल जातो तर आमचा ह्रदय तुटल्यावर आमच्या हातात मधीरा दीली जातो. आणि आमच्या अपूर्ण प्रेमाला ना-लायकीचा टॅग दिला जातो आमच्या भावनांचा गळा दाबला जातो, आमच्या भावना फासावर चढवले जातो आणि मोठ्या सहजतेने म्हटले जातो की तू मुलगा आहेस असं तुटायच नसतो.”
“Fear is the ego's alarm clock.”
“There's a game called life where it's just YOU v/s YOU”
“If sorrow is written in your fate, the reason would not necessarily be analytical”
“The desire to see a change in someone is just the beginning of a new argument”
“If you are not a boring person, life is unlikely to be boring!”
“One night, I stood by my window and gazed at the sky hoping to find a star, but it was starless. Then I heard a voice within me saying "You are a star, look at yourself.”
“If you're 'Blind' from your eyes still you can see & feel the pain' & happiness of everything. But if you're Blind from your inner self, though you have the eyes - everything seems a lie, negative to you. "People should have thier inner eye's open by the education and react. Then only, we can be a part of 'Crime free & true human|nature society' someday.”
“When you earn your worth, you learn your worth This is why learning is a never-ending process.”
“What’s a greater joy than to see the one you helped smile coz of you?”
“Being tired is better than being broke, so make sure you do your best and leave to God the rest!”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved”
“Manage your time doing something productive and in time you will be happy to see what all you have achieved.”
“Lift others with you and others will lift many more, soon when you look back at where you started you will be proud that you did!”
“Think every possible way to be an entrepreneur as the future to your success can be built by you alone!”
“An entrepreneur sees reward, not risk!”
“Be proud of the work you are skilled at because no task is small and no job isn’t enough, every seed sown is a blessing for each one of us.”
“Predicting the future isn’t what you should focus on, hard work is where your concentration should lie, your future will be built even if you don’t judge.”
“Courageous decisions make the best entrepreneurs, its all about when you decide to start!”
“Build an empire and make it a brand.”
“Secrecy is the best way to show people your results!”
“Don't worry about being slow, we all fasten up with Confidence!”
“Start from scratch grow with cash!”
“A well-planned day makes you a better focused entrepreneur with a greater vision.”
“That’s the thing with science. We’re drilled to believe that false positives are bad, but false negatives are just as terrifying.”
“Life is more beautiful when springled with a bit of fun.”
“We must support all Artists, Poets, Writers, Musicians, Singers, Dancers. They make life beautiful and memorable.”
“Your simplicity is your aura.”
“By ensuring your environment is one of growth rather than surrender you can ensure your life's journey is the most rewarding and pleasing one possible.”
“Ups and Down. Breakups and makeups. Knits, purls and a ton of dropped stitches. This was why I loved these women. They'd stuck with me through it all. And when life gave us lemons, we took those darn lemons, made lemon drop martinis, and danced.”
“Evil wants to rob the world of truth and light. When tragedy strikes evil swoops in to cause chaos and darkness. We are not guaranteed a life void of pain, but we are offered a future filled with promise and hope in His name.”
“When our daily lives focus more on the getting than the giving; we get less love and give more hate.”
“There are two ways to lighten the burden of life, one to reduce it physically and the other to reduce it psychologically! Since the first is often difficult, most people choose the second way!”
“You must be able to distinguish the three thoughts: thoughts that you create, thoughts sent by your subconscious, and thoughts that entered your mind.”
“Dear lingering pain, I’m zoning out.”
“You become really thirsty ,when there is no water to drink.”
“The world is a funny place. You can sacrifice your life and soul for the world, and it will never return your kindness. The world is such a cruel mistress.”
“A realist is a man of action, because he does not dwell too much on reason when the results or the end will not satisfy the means. It is the reality that matters most.”
“Life is neither fair, nor a fair; for a fair ends, life goes on. Stay motivated.”
“Nothing is permanent in this world. Even our bodies will perish.”
“COMMUNITIEs' are the only problem of all living creatures on this 'Planet Earth'. & human's suffering because of multiple communities - made/maintained/created by them, in the name of so many Human languages only. But blamed in the name of GOD/CREATOR: Mono/Poly-theistic creations.”
“Apart from humans all other creatures on this planet only, live/maintain the objective 'COMMUNITIEs' : few territorial & all food chain bases.”
“Time puts everything in their proper place and whatever is misplaced is already on the way to where it belongs.”
“Life is a constant adventure in the making, in which you are not only the actor but also the writer and the director.”
“Many follow the life course that is the most desirable at the current moment rather than considering the long-term implications.”
“Reality is based solely upon desires that are brought to life by imagination and then given credibility by belief.”
“Life is fleeting and delicate in many ways; as situations can change 180 degrees without any prior warning.”
“Allowing fate to dictate how life progresses is a major mistake, as there will never be a really sure direction or outcome, with literally no ideas at all of how things will work out.”
“You can find the desired freedom in what you aspire to become as your life is the result of the accumulated choices you made.”
“In the modern world, there is a tendency to be required to surrender one's life more and more, giving autonomy over personal destiny to others and society.”
“There is endless potential to contribute towards making this life's experiences more joyful and wonderful for everyone including oneself.”
“Life is a never ending journing. And in every place we land, a new lesson and experience is given to us as our souvenir.”
“If you're living a good life, the most important question here is: Did you deserve it? If you're living a bad life, the most important question here is: Did you deserve it?”
“I wish that my mirror wouldn't show me the way i look, but the way I'am. Because my inner beauty is more important than physical beauty.”
“the world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places”
“Infinite beauty, infinite adventure, infinite love— this is the realm of Creativity.”
“I’d spent so much of the past seven years living my life in a blur, trying to cram as much as humanly possible into a day. I’d missed out on so much in the process, like having dear girlfriends. It wasn’t until you knew something was about to end that you realized how fortunate you were to have had it in the first place.”
“If you know them better than they know themselves, then you deserve them.”
“When you look back do you see yourself or a Mirage of your Self?”
“Such is life - a game of dodging. When we dodge one challenge, hurled at us, another eventually catches us unaware.”
“Why is life hard on some while being soft on others? It would appear as if it feels a monotonous regimen would bore people to death, thereby bringing the creation to an unintended end. So, for the larger good of mankind, it could be constrained to contrive individual inequities to keep alive the general interest in it. Wonder how it prepares the black list for the fate to act upon! As all are dear to it were it not possible that blindfolded, it would go in for random selection with a sinking heart! And once fate gets hold of life’s blacklist, won’t weddings come in handy for it to impart misery in many wrong permutations and provide bliss in a few right combinations!”
“Change Your Perspective, Inspire the World”
“Life is not a expectations, Because life is a full of surprises”
“When the path you’re on is so unclear And your feet move stone by stone Just trust your faith will calm your fear And help your soul to find its home”
“Sometimes we have to let go of the life we thought we'd live and embrace the one fate brought to us.”
“Sometimes we have to let go of the life we thought we'd live and embrace the one fate bring to us.”
“हर आंसू की अपनी एक कहानी होती है।”
“The lemons life gave me are stored in a basket. Judgmental people provoke me to bake them into a whipped pie of sugary spite. I gladly serve it up to them in an effort to silence their meringue pie hole from complaining.”
“Your Prejudiced Friends are only in the manipulation of your opponent.So don't go away from them.”
“Forgetting the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“Giving up the person you truly love is not the same as forgetting a nightmare.”
“Life has a cost of time, that is constantly in motion and passing by at an incredible speed.”
“In a crystalline corner of your heart, keep a Smile for the days gone by. To every soul, who is wondering how is Life passing by, and somehow feel suffocated in a long lost world of words and thoughts, Remember every flower blooms at its own time. Whatever it is that you wish to accomplish, remember that it takes Time and an immense amount of energy and will power to make that happen. Most people don't even find it conducive to dream, let alone following it. Some settle down with what Life throws at them, while some opt for the lesser options that suit their needs. But the ones, who burn with their dreams, who hold on to that invisible yet palpable string of Faith, eventually always finds what they seek, because the truth is what you're seeking is already yours. Until then, don't mind about the Time, because Time has a way of Smiling back in a garland of moments and memories. And if you're ever faced with a question on losing Time and not settling down (in love or career or anything of Life) like the majority of folk around, remind yourself what you seek, embrace your Soul and walk on to rise in your chosen path. You haven't lost Time, you have just not found your Season yet. Until then, water the root of your Soul with the Sunshine of Kindness & Grace. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“You can do whatever you want, I am on baller alert!”
“Expressing gratitude: We pray and express our gratitude to deities for keeping us alive and healthy as our body is a gift of god. This is our way of building an attitude of gratitude. - Sandhya Jane”
“A true seeker will find everything within himself.”
“Nggak ada orang usaha jalannya luruuuuus, lempeng terus selamanya. Pasti ada belok-belok, naik-turun, kadang kesandung, atau nyungsep sampai babak bundhas juga. Ya, begitulah jalannya.”
“Life is a journey no one ever reported on. We all just live on a presumption of what it is.”
“The goodness of God is like a blinding light, one cannot grasp the fullness of it, instead you close your eyes and bask in all it's glory.”
“เพียงไม่ถูกความสิ้นหวังกลืนกิน เหตุใดจึงต้องทอดทิ้งความหวัง เพราะกลัวความผิดหวังด้วย - เย่ฉี”
“I just wanted the world to feel like home.”
“A person who understands the meaning of life will always welcome all the unexpected events whole-heartedly”
“If one wants to succeed in life be adaptable and unbreakable like fluids.”
“If one wants to succeed in life, they have to be adaptable and unbreakable as fluids.”
“Bij onze geboorte ligt ons lot al vast, en niemand heeft ooit het zijne kunnen ontlopen (Hektor)”
“Nowadays, education no longer matters, rather it is college or university life that has become so appealing to young minds.”
“There can be no world peace without inner peace.”
“The more you are receptive to learning from your mistakes, the better you can apply the lessons in your life.”
“If you’re all alone and miserable then you are definitely in a bad company.”
“I was real with you. I did not fake myself. And I hope you know that psychology says we show our real side to people we trust.”
“I want to discover something new a different way of interpreting humanity perspective is a kind of augmented reality that teaches us to change our view”
“WHO THE HELL'S AT THE DOOR? When you are young your favourite time for sex are often first thing in the morning or last thing at night,but as you get older your body clock changes.You can't function in the morning until you have had breakfast and at night you are so tired at the end of a long day that you just want to go to sleep.On your agenda,sex comes somewhere below running a marathon or wrestling an alligator.”
“Do things that will make you feel embarrassed in later life not ashamed or regretful.”
“Cei mai mari demoni ni-i creăm singuri”
“My life is not about them. It's about me. This is about me.”
“Sometimes we don't need advice. Sometimes we just need to hear we're not the only one." -”
“Dear friends, don’t be afraid of life! How good is life when one does something good and just!”
“Some days I stand out for reasons so cherished. Other days I'm out of this world. And those days, as I recall, are every day!”
“You can either be ungrateful for what you don't have or be grateful for what you have got.”
“The world suffers a lot not because of the violence of bad people, but because of the silence of the good people. If you see something unfair raise your voice.”
“People are envious of you when they had every opportunity to break down the same barriers that you have overcome.”
“The art of living lies in capping opportunities and not whining over problems.”
“It’s a peculiar feature of human nature that we love to see those close to us, climb up the staircase of success, but, behind us. If they happen to catch up with us, needing to share the space with them, we feel choked, and were they to overtake us, we feel morose, though they might remain friendly. It is because, used as we were to condescend to descend in our affections to them, we lose countenance, not counting our jealousy, that they too might seem patronizing from their altered stations.”
“Life is a book. If you’re unhappy with your life, start the new book.”
“What difference does a New Year make but for the change of the calendar”
“End. How could I call it an end when there was no finite point. We were in a place beyond time with endless skies. And well, we fell. Feeling like a flightless bird trying to reach high. Tired, to know how this ended. But we shall start from the beginning. When you saw red after you fell from heaven in a world where people had stopped believing. Mistreated caring. Hungry for power. Flashed with greed. Lost their sense of humanity. The beginning was better than this.”
“The quality of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.”
“Everyone deserves respect, kindness and love, but happiness well, that's entirely up to you.”
“Courage to die is all too different from that required to carry on living against odds." - Crossing the Mirage”
“The path of the future is laid on the tracks of the past”
“Maybe it’s the birth that shapes life for fate to guide us into the grave, or is it fate that governs the birth for life to follow the set course, we would never know.”
“Life tends to stray laterally on its linear course.”
“What a pity that life robs the rich of its beauty, and what’s worse, entices them with its ugliness.”
“What else are pride, greed and such but money’s minions?”
“I walked too fast, you would run to catch up with me and take hold of my hand, and that those were the best moments of my life. Your fingertips in the palm of my hand. Before you know how many things I'd failed at.”
“When it comes to love and happiness, don't compare your real life experiences to someone else's seemingly perfect well-crafted social media posts.”
“If life is a prison, then some people are prisoners who have too much freedom.”
“If you fall in love with the life, you don't need marriage services.”
“It's true if you love someone, You love him just the way he is, Not by changing that person's identity!”
“Some people are interested in others life because they feel dissatisfied with their own.”
“The majority of us work to live and the others live only to work, they have no time to reflect or meditate on life.”
“Life is an opportunity to rise above our ignorance towards knowledge, comprehension, education & intelligence before the sun of life sets.”
“People are more about money and less about their passion.”
“Life is strange,’ she said. ‘How we live it all at once. In a straight line. But really that’s not the whole picture. Because life isn’t simply made of the things we do, but the things we don’t do too. And every moment of our life is a . . . kind of turning.”
“Stay in illusion or accept reality. The choice is yours, don't blame others.”
“Time has a weird quality of slowing down when you're struggling in life.”
“Don't try to impress those people who have labeled you unimpressive without even knowing you.”
“About Ukraine. The West is crying not because people are dying, they are just crying because white European people are dying. Another hand, in many parts of the world, from Palestine to Yamman, there are also people dying but nobody crying for them, no company suspending their work and no country imposing sanctions on the oppressor country.”
“Days are more fulfilling when you have enthusiasm for life, a passion for the work you do, a heart for community service, and a commitment to your faith.”
“Spirituality is about being your true self.”
“One of the reasons why I admire Elon Musk is his ideals are so inspiring. And maybe to a certain extent match with my ideals in life. He doesn't own a house, and he doesn't indulge in other luxuries. He leads a minimalist life. Wouldn't our world become a better place if most people did not indulge in wasting money on buying luxuries?”
“É claro que, objetivamente, eu sei que vou morrer. Não sei se você já notou, mas nenhum de nós acredita que morre, o que é uma bênção. A gente se porta a vida toda como se nunca fosse morrer, o que é muito bom. Porque se a gente for pensar na morte como uma coisa fundamental, inevitável e próxima, a gente vai perder o gosto de viver, vai perder o gosto de tudo. Pensar que vai morrer prejudica um pouco a qualidade de vida, e eu sou um apaixonado pela vida, amo profundamente a vida. Olhe que essa maldita tem me maltratado, mas eu gosto dela”
“An unseen forest is a seed hiding in the spirit of a fruit.”
“God loves strong people and those with an unstoppable will-power.”
“Namun, mimpi tidak seperti saluran TV. Kau tidak bisa menyetelnya sesukamu.”
“Tak ada gunanya mengotot mempertahankan pendapat karena ingin dianggap paling benar. Karena sesuatu yang kita anggap benar, tetaplah benar, meski tidak didengungkan, tidak divalidasi banyak orang. Benar hanyalah sesuatu yang terasa pas di hati, seperti pakaian, tidak longgar atau sempit, dan itu tentunya bisa berbeda-beda untuk tiap orang.”
“You can't go far in life if you are too far away from life.”
“It's a great feeling to realize that you are not affected by your past anymore.”
“Believing in is a good thing but questioning your beliefs gets you closer to the truth.”
“But the catch in life is, Unless you shed the inhibitions chaining you down, Unless you take the leap of faith, Unless you push yourself from the edge of your comfort zone, Unless you get ready to embrace the uncertainties of life, And risk everything you already have, You can't live the life of your dreams!”
“My kindness is my strength. It makes me who I am, It raises me above the likes of you.”
“Yes, to heal the pain, We must feel it.”
“Fill your own cup with happiness, Pour a little in others as well, And say cheers to life!”
“तेरे हाथों में है मेरी डोर, तेरे बिन मेरे जीवन का न कोई ओर न कोई छोर, तू ही आदि, तू ही अनंत, तू ही इस मिथ्या जगत का एक मात्र सत्य। तुझसे दूर चाह के भी न जा सकूँ, कोई भी डगर लूँ, कोई भी राह पकडू, आखिर पहुँचू तुझ तक ही। सच कहूँ? अच्छा लगता है मुझे तेरे हाथों की कठपुतली होना! निश्चिंत हूँ मैं, के जो हुआ अच्छा हुआ, जो हो रहा है अच्छा है और जो होगा अच्छा होगा। क्यूंकि, नाज़ुक धागे मेरे इस नन्ही सी ज़िंदगी के लिपटे हैं तेरी सर्वव्याप्त सर्व शक्तिशाली उंगलियो से, तो चलायेगा तू जिधर उधर ही चल दूँगी, तेरा रचा खेल, तेरे दिये सुख और संघर्ष, तेरे बुने ये रेशमी जाल, मनमोहक हैं, और ये जीवन ये तो बस इंतज़ार है मेरा, अपने अस्तित्व के तुझमे फिर से वापस जा मिलने का!”
“You can't change a man's behavior just because you love him, but a man can change himself if he loves you”
“The greatest thing to be grateful for every day is knowing that God never forgets to extend your life every day.”
“the ones who make you laugh last a lifetime”
“Look in the mirror and see what it shows; Positivity on the face, inside negativity flows.”
“There are three persons I must know; the man I was, the man I am, and the man I am to be.”
“In every experience, a lesson. In every lesson, Love.”
“The greatest lesson to be learned about life is to learn to be yourself.”
“The best way to know yourself is to learn to be yourself.”
“Life is a gift consisting of time and presence not all fully unwrap this gift because we tend to have no presence when there is time and when in life we find presence then we find the limited time.”
“Prayer is the foundation of every life filled with faith.”
“Just because you're a master of sport, doesn't mean you're a master of life.”
“LIFE IS A HOLIDAY TO THE DEATH”
“LIFE IS NOT ABOUT HOW WELL YOU LIVE BEFORE YOUR DEATH, LIFE IS ALL ABOUT HOW FAR YOU LIVE AFTER YOUR DEATH”
“The British actor who starred in the Jesus film should also receive an Oscar. Simply because his photo is widely idolized by many people around the world.”
“Pray not because you are enabled by material wealth, but through pure spiritual inspiration.”
“The reality of a situation may be completely different from what you are assuming.”
“He who has the vision of the soul attains immortality and lives in the ecstasy of divine consciousness.”
“Give yourself small goals to achieve on a daily basis. Make small changes in your life that would make you more productive, and make you physically and mentally fit.”
“We are the time we must live up to otherwise like the sun we will set one day without shining.”
“If you take away different religions or opinions, then the world will become a boring place. People have to keep arguing to make life worth living.”
“Your life may suck, but it's not a reason to hate everyone.”
“You may give up on your dreams, but once you do it, there's no other way to go back unless you want to start over from scratches, and you know damn well that there is nothing left from scratches except for pains.”
“Since change is directly proportional to time, all you have to do is predict the time. Or, when the change is going to take place. Be prepared for the best and worst case.”
“The purpose of religion is to teach you and guide you to God. Once you have faith, your heart will become your torch to guide you through the thick darkness of life.”
“Happiness without work is a grave snare to the soul.”
“Be a channel, not a container; a container traps life, a channel transports life.”
“Whether at age 33, 53 or 73, you are never too old to own your first pair of Nike Airforce one shoes.”
“You can count your blessings without having to count the misfortunes of others.”
“A comedian's life is truly a comedy in itself. The majority cannot take themselves seriously.”
“Some people are interested in others life because they feel dissatisfied with their own.”
“The first half of life is learning to be an adult-the second half is learning to be a child.”
“The best people in our life will make us realize our worth and won't make us feel unworthy.”
“Visualization is a wonderful process of manifestation.”
“If you can dream it, think about it, visualize it, then you can manifest it.”
“Explain your actions to only those who don’t question your intentions.”
“There's no point in having hope from someone who gives you only excuses and not their time.”
“Love is your true light, so see the world with your light.”
“Every new chapter in your life requires you to be a different version of yourself.”
“Your eyes met mine; and they made it whole, Without touching your body; I hugged your soul.”
“Plant your dreams and watch them grow each day!”
“I will not be trapped by the past. Today is a new day of possibilities.”
“原来，“觉得自己不够好”的人，世上不止蓝玉烟一个。特别在意的人如果不给予自己肯定，那份自信是很难建立的。这是人之常情，不是她一个人的小矫情。”
“被天意捉弄过的人，是最能领悟生命玄机的那些人。老天捉弄你，总是有原因的，他想你明白某些事，或者让你有所收获。”
“It was an old enough feeling, that of realizing that whatever you touched changed to something else under your hand, but so is cancer an old disease, and yet people still die of it. Earth changed, it grew and shed grass, filled up old gullies and cut new ones; rivers changed, a flood in one season, low water in the next. Old people died; young people lived and got old. You tied to a tree, and it grew and broke the tie-rope; to a house, and it rotted and fell down; to a woman, and she got frightened of what her own body could do to her and went away.”
“You may hear or read dozens of advice about life every day, but the most tragicomic part of this is that the advice that will work for you is often not in them!”
“Learning that the simple things tend to be the most profoud.”
“In life, you have to take everything seriously, but nothing personal.”
“I was fighting against myself, I realized when, I found peace, I found love, I found life.”
“Amateur and expert master and novice what are these words to Creativity? It loves them all.”
“Where you are at this moment is the result of your thoughts throughout your life.”
“To be a tremendous success, look for opportunity rather than security.”
“Stress comes from ignorance and understanding cures it.”
“The laws of God thrive no matter where you are and there are no walls, doors, or rooves that will ever be thick enough to hide your actions from God.”
“It may takes days to suffer,but it takes only one day to die”
“The simple thing behind many failures in life is to give up on the goal, thinking that all paths have been exhausted when there are other paths that have been unnoticed!”
“nowadays people sell their personality because of something and something is given away by taking away their personality.”
“The best solution to any problem in life is found within oneself rather than elsewhere.”
“You can live your life like a wave! In other words, you leave yourself to the wind and go wherever it takes you; sometimes you go to a nice beach and sometimes you hit a hard rock!”
“Never underestimate the big importance of small things,' Mrs. Elm said. 'You must always remember that.”
“It's not the story of Adam and Eve that matters most. The key to knowing the mystery of life is to know and understand the true meaning of love.”
“I don’t know what afflicts me now. Indecisiveness? Reluctance? Fear of being vulnerable? I am not a coward, at least. Fear isn’t equivalent to cowardice. Even a soldier deployed at the border fears bullet, which is exactly why he is able to dodge the enemy and eliminate them.”
“Some say Karma is a bitch. It all comes back to you, eventually. If this world can be boiled down to two truths. It would be the second law of thermodynamics (entropy) and the law of action and reaction (Karma). Well, if Karma really makes up the fabric of this Universe, if it is really a bitch, then prove it in this life itself! Why wait for reincarnation? Do you think I would be me once I die and transition to another body? No! What makes me, me, are my memories.”
“Cheers to better days!”
“Suffering has become an essential part of me, and I’d sabotage any attempt to heal. I’d be fearful of losing my unhappy self. I’d miss it if I were released.”
“And the Sunflowers are an eternity in themselves. Let them embrace our dreams and invigorate our hope evermore.”
“Some people do respect but don't support you and some people support you but don't respect you." -Aron Micko H.B”
“Find your daily joy!”
“Life is a long journey, an adventure, But every night witnesses the sun’s ray; The murkiness is a guest of instants- Adverse moments don’t stay!”
“Whether you are too strong or too weak, everyone in this universe seeks a safe port; the only difference between people is to take shelter in different ports!”
“Sometimes you open your window, a calm sea in front of you; sometimes you open your window, a cruel storm in front of you! The storm speaks, you know? What does he say, shall I say? He says you didn't appreciate that quiet day enough! Next time, be more appreciative!”
“You want me to hate the people that you hate just because you hate hate them? Maybe you have controlling issues; it's time for a self-reflection.”
“কোথায় যেন পড়েছি, কবি দুঃখ করে বলেছেন, 'আমি মানস সরোবরের যেন ডানা-ভাঙ্গা রাজহাঁস। চতুর্দিকের জল জমে গিয়ে বরফ হয়ে হয়ে আমার দিকে এগিয়ে আসছে,শেষটায় আমাকে পিষে মারবে। আমার সঙ্গী-সাথিরা অনেকদিন হল দক্ষিণে চএ গিয়েছে। আমার যাবার উপায় নেই।' হায়, আমাদের সকলেরই তাই। কারও পা খোঁড়া, কারও ডানা ভাঙা, কারও প্রিয়া পালিয়ে গিয়েছে, কাউকে বা সরকার জেলে পুরে দিয়েছে- সবাই যেন বলছে, পিছিয়ে পড়েছি আমি, যাব যে কি করে!”
“Whatever word or action you send to the Universe, you’ll receive it back. Choose wisely.”
“Life's problems can bring you to your knees; it doesn't matter; what matters is your behaviour after kneeling! Will you stay on the ground or stand up?”
“When my breath stops. I really don’t care if you bury me or burn me but fire a thousand bullets”.”
“If you find yourself constantly overwhelmed by negative thinking and feeling, find a balance between what's not worth your energy and what needs healing. - Charlie Prince”
“In Self-improvement, Everyone will have varying degrees of ability for their capabilities, and everyone has a passion for doing something they love in life. You must set your goals and develop a plan to pursue them one step at a time. Positive habits will always bring prosperity, no matter how slow you go.”
“You can be a shining light for others with your positive attitude. Your passion for something can be contagious and resonate with others and get them fired up to achieve the same results. Consistently demonstrate your confidence with determination, and it will help bring back faith for those who lost it. Sometimes we must lead by example, and that's how people get inspired with hope, and where hope grows, faith is present.”
“There are no crazy ideas, only those that not ventured.”
“While on a left-turning road, stop your vehicle, get out of the vehicle, start walking to the right! Surprise life, because life is sure that you will turn left! And when you surprise life, life sees something different in you! What is that different thing? It is the power and ability to change the direction of your life in an instant without fear, and life appreciates those who can do it!”
“Sometimes it rains and other times clear skies, life is full of compensations. We must compromise to its terms and conditions; without complaining.”
“Tired of running inside my head I just want to lay in bed But things are just getting started How can I escape Can I close my eyes and not open them again? Can I draw me in pain Can I write me this broken I don't know how to deal with what I'm feeling I feel like crying Tears started shedding Problem is a like a pill Making myself sleeping Just for a moment of escaping Feels like I'm dreaming Can someone come and save me I am not me I'm inside of me.”
“If you can't take your eyes off other lives, then your own life turns into a pale ghost!”
“The scars of the past can sometimes come in the way of the happiness you can get from your life right now.”
“A man who learned to expect the unexpected, make the most of every circumstance, and most importantly, that you cannot just live life; you must share insights acquire from the life you have lived.”
“Good. You should be frightened.” He turned to her, his eyes wild and dangerous. “This is the man you’re marrying, Esperanza. This is what he does to people. The least you can do is go into it with your eyes open. You and your family, all you see are the flashy clothes and baile cenas, the huge estates and the sparkly jewellery. Did you ever stop to think about where he gets it all from? It’s paid for in blood, Señorita. The blood of innocent men.”
“You surely don’t see the world so simplistically, Señorita. You must know that people are not split into good and evil, black and white. We are all shades of grey, every one of us. What you see as darkness, another would see as light. But if it’s kindness you want, I can do that. Treat me well, and I will do the same for you.”
“Don't lose yourself in a world full of illusions. Stay focused and in your own lane. Move at your own pace. Your life journey should not feel like a race.”
“Sometimes pain is our greatest teacher. It's through those experiences that we learn our most important lessons.”
“Walk to the corner of a street and stop there! You never know what will come around the corner and that's exactly what life is!”
“There is no such thing as 'normal.' Normal is just a setting on the dryer." - Ariana's Grandma”
“When the rabbit turns and chases the wolf into the arms of the devil, the devil and rabbit become deadly alliances. Beware of the rabbit.”
“Life Is infinite Great”
“I believe in humanity, that means I'm realistic about life.”
“Here's what life is—here's what life boils down to, Joe. Life boils down to brutality. It's fucked. Life is brutal and fucked up. You may not see it now, but I'm older than you and I can tell you.”
“We don't have to do everything in order to be everything”
“They won't stop hurting you until you tell them to stop hurting you.”
“One unfortunate event can change the course of your life forever.”
“Everyone is not selfish. Some beautiful people genuinely want to see you happy.”
“You are not the victim always. Sometimes you are the culprit too.”
“The fights that you have with yourself are the worst.”
“It is impossible to rebuild the lost trust without any effort.”
“Cry if you know that someone is there to see you happy. Never cry for a person who doesn't know the value of your tears.”
“It is not surprising to forget a human being for one who forget his Creator and his Lord.”
“For Peace  We need to build flower gardens not weapon factories”
“The people of this world need a strong war against Hypocrisy, Double Standard and Supremacy Then There will be no deadly war. No Bloodshed !!!”
“Emotions are never a problem! The problem is our biased attitude towards emotions. Since childhood we're taught to categorize emotions into 'good' and 'bad' and participate in the never-ending race of sieving out bad emotions and conquering the good - happiness, to be more specific. Whereas, sadness, anger, enthusiasm, anxiety, fear, confidence, or the state of being disconnected are all different forms of emotions and are equally important for our existence as human beings. Would you call a person who laughs the whole day and is happy about everything hundred percent sane? Rather than spending each moment of our lives until death to just 'live happily ever after', it would be much easier to just learn to accept our emotions and cherish them. You can't just paint your canvas with a single color and call it a modern art!”
“You can be the best tomorrow by being better today”
“Here are two big mistakes that are made frequently in life: Waiting for the train that will not stop at your stop and not waiting for the train that will stop at your stop!”
“If you want to Entertain, the Mockery of human rights, double standard and selfishness UN is the Best Show, with great actors”
“Wishing for continuous pleasure without pain is like having a life without death; which will prove impossible at the end of the day.”
“The days are just an illusion, there should be no excuse for performing your duties according to the man-made calendar.”
“God's perfect will wins within me that disables any competition, in that divine provisional place and position, failure can never be found!”
“The lines in your hand, that foretell your future, is drawn by you.”
“Ego is killing Humanity, Destorying Peace and Normal life, Putting the world on fire. For someone it's Zelenskyy For someone it's Putin For someone it's Europe For someone it's USA Biden For someone it's NATO But for me it's Ego Do war against Ego and save The WORLD”
“Forget about understanding others. There are times when we don't even understand ourselves.”
“Some people are unforgivable.”
“Time can change you more than you plan to change.”
“Don’t wait to be comfortable, or else you’ll get comfortable waiting.”
“الضوضاء الحقيقية هي ان تصرخ بكل مافي جسدك الا لسانك”
“Life has a way of dragging you along even if you didn't want to move.”
“People can use you only if you allow them to.”
“La persona que amas y la que te ama nunca es la misma persona”
“Sometimes it's our own people that limit our growth.”
“those storms that you carry in your mind were meant to be conquered”
“Life is such a subject that even life will fall short to understand”
“When a ship gets wrecked, I have a sense it is going to be able to make it to the shore.”
“Inspiration is the most cherished attribute of every generation.”
“My culture acts as my compass in life.”
“Life isn’t what it is. It’s what it can be.”
“I strongly believe that our communities can be easily improved by educating the population that’s residing there.”
“No doubt that education has always been the key to every nation’s greatness.”
“Not engaging in gossip and office politics is world-class behavior.”
“True love is like a tower house; this one requires strong pillars and foundation to withstand windstorms. And the mains of these pillars are patience and sacrifice!”
“There will always be a touch of fiction in non-fiction books and reality in works of fiction.”
“We think chosen means easy, and big, and great, and definitely without challenges. But that’s the lie that sinks our dreams.”
“Don't make your problem everyone else's problem too.”
“You can't go through all the streets of life, your life is not enough for that! So what should you do? Find places and people who will give you the important things you don't have!”
“With the presence of the land comes the importance of history and the subject of geography.”
“Life without failures and heartbreaks ain't no life at all.”
“Are your actions making a difference to this world? If not then align your actions to improve people's lives.”
“My love of writing and sending positive messages to the world has taught me to begin from the very beginning of life.”
“Why not grab life by the shoulders and not give too much of a damn about it?”
“I believe that we will be capable to describe the beauties of heaven only after finishing to explore the world in which we are currently living in.”
“As a leader, I aim to be dynamic whenever necessity ask for it and adaptive to any change that occurs without a notice.”
“Change can’t be expected to happen without keeping the republic free and uncorrupted.”
“There is someone special for everyone. Often there are two or three or even four. They come from different enerations. They travel across oceans of time and the depths of heavenly dimensions to be with you again. They come from the other side, from heaven. They look different, but your heart knows them. Your heart has held them in arms like yours in the moon-filled deserts of Egypt and the ancient plains of Mongolia. You have ridden together in the armies of forgotten warrior-generals, and you have lived together in the sand-covered caves of the Ancient Ones. You are bonded together throughout eternity, and you will never be alone.”
“If you look far in your life and think that the roads in front of you are always open, you are definitely wrong!”
“Does a lack of life always equate to death? Perhaps it’s sometimes worse than that. For us, back then, it was. We were living an exiguity, an insufficiency which painfully demanded compensation, but to compensate for it we had nothing left. Silent. Perfectly silent as we were gliding across the icy earth. We didn't even leave traces anymore that could someday remind someone else that we had been there at all. How much does silence weigh and what amount of it can crush a man? However much: suddenly it was heavier on our shoulders. The silence, the air, the life that stuck to us like a tasteless chewing gum that we didn’t even want and all of a sudden, they ceased: the warm cloudlets, soaring into the icy air from my loosened lips. I stopped breathing.”
“Sometimes it's hard to tell what derails a train and with life it is the same. ~ As the moon began to rust”
“Baby, it's all just smoke and mirrors, Since you left me in choke and shivers. Baby, it's all just crashing down, Since you let me down. Baby, it's all just wanting you around, Since you turned swound. Baby, it's all just hopeless, Since you went headless.”
“Forgiving someone too many times is not bravery.”
“A butterfly does not go back to a caterpillar after its full-grown.”
“Betrayal contributes so much to personal growth.”
“I have the mind of an engineer and the heart of an author.”
“Create Opportunities for yourself as well as others.”
“Create Opportunities for yourself as well as others.”
“”
“When the situation is good, there will be a lot of crowd around, without being successful even stories do not come to the fore.”
“Ateis, ateis juodasis metas, / kada mus skirs tik vienas metras / juodosios žemės … ir tyla, /apaugusi karčiąja nevilties žole”,”
“In our generation, we are advised to focus only on the present moment. But it's history that will take you back to your roots.”
“Virš džiaugsmo pilnaties mirties šešėlis sklando”
“There is no wrong answer in the world, it's just a matter of timing.”
“Same world, but different time zones. Therefore, past, present and future are one. Three in one.”
“Nothing happens by chance. Luck does not exist. Whether it's good or bad luck or karma, everything has a because behind it.”
“What I believe is that there is no good time. All times are valid.”
“Life would become so boring without the presence of death.”
“Death plays the most important part of our lives. He keeps everything in order and gives the devil some credit, for being our spiritual policeman.”
“You have the right to maintain distance from anyone who doesn't let you be happy.”
“I know everything gets better with time. But I don't know how to deal with the pain today.”
“Those who are considered adventurous by nature are optimists too.”
“There can’t be peace without freedom and if you claim otherwise, then I can ensure you that your peace will be short lived.”
“Sometimes courage is a quiet fight, a dim softness within you, that flickers even on your darkest days and reminds you that you are strong, that you are growing, that there is hope.”
“The Earth is a testing ground for every one of us including the most prominent and of the most eminent ones. A place where we find duality in everything including how we see it and how it actually is in reality. Similarly, the duality concept is in people you see and meet who are either good, bad, or people who have two faces, one that they show and one that they are within. One is the duality of the personalities we veil through ourselves and another is the duality of the soul within. Whether are you a soul having fire within or are you a soul having light within and whichever you feed the most becomes your abode within and hereafter. You are both, your heaven and hell, fire and light, and finally, love or hate within. And our creator wants us to purify ourselves of the fire within and become light by being on the side of truth within and outside, righteousness within and outside, and pious within and outside, and finally sincere within and outside. Creator loves the one who has one tongue, one thing which is in the heart and which is on the tongue. The thing you are within is outside and the thing outside is within so you become successful. Like Rocky has said: “The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It is a very mean and nasty place and it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't how hard you hit; it's about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward." The matter is not that you have truth with you but the question is are you truthful?!. The truth will only set you free when you are truthful within yourself.”
“If you don't take action today you are failing to reach your goals and ultimately failing to create your life as you imagined it would be. You, me, or anyone out there, no one is aware of their future but what they are aware of is their present along with their preparation. You would need to build yourself brick by brick, growing your wall measuring feet after feet by laying a strong foundation of belief within yourself that no flood can wash away your dreams. You fall, you brush up, you get up, you look forward and rise back!”
“There is a phase in which we believe in others, What they have got to say, an opinion of them on us, for us or of other things in the world. And there is you who would believe everything been said and opinionated. And then one day you realize that all these things which you were made to believe are not actually the reality, or a part of it is distorted or the wholesome is. Then you begin to think and come out of that belief and believing. You set your paths right and clear, you believe what you experience and what is to be believed with certainty. You come out of your shell and explore the sun above your head. You start believing yourself, your intuitions, and yourself!”
“If you are at the top, or at the position of authority or you are at the position to make or break something of yours or others. Remember doing good is a choice so is helping people in a way that makes them grow or helps them heal. Such a way that the wound is healed for which people remember you forever! On a road to life, one must ride with humility, empathy, and try to be a part of people's success, healing, or growth story. The world already has the negative so let's now change the way the world has handed over to us and heal what is wounded, repair what is broken, and attach with what is detached.”
“You create your own happiness by creating your own moments and cherishing them to the core. In life, we rarely project ourselves and reflect which is where we miss ourselves. There is no other moment than now to hold tight to yourself otherwise time keeps on moving and you lose yourself to the world. Life isn’t a destination but a journey you decide for yourself through a deeper visualization and planning. Time is an ultimate currency that should be traded wisely with the deserving and no matter what and no matter how much you try to control things, meeting people’s expectations somewhere somehow you will be written wrong. Life is a precious gift from god! Celebrate yourself!”
“To be successful in your life you don't need to have all the ideas in the world but only one idea that clicks and you are done for your life”
“The people who are riding with you doesn't mean they are with you, when you go down in your life only then you will find who is real to you. The souls which get sold to Status , Money , Position will side themselves when you are down . This should be enough to know and motivate you to become self-sufficient in your life!”
“One day we'll all be flowers again.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love”
“Sometimes life doesn’t make sense. Sometimes there is no good reason for the events that take place. But most times, you’ll realize it will all make sense for a much better reason, if you’re patient enough to wait.”
“Life is a mess of actions and emotions, a chaotic orb of unknown order, a fuse of color and the void.”
“There’s a mountain before us all and there’s a narrow passage alongside it too. Both are there for a reason. Nobody will offer us a guided tour.”
“You don't question someone's loyalty when they make you feel secure by expressing their love for you.”
“People always marvel that holding a seashell to your ear replicates the sound of the sea, but in the seconds before you faint, the movement of blood rushing out of your brain replicates the sound of the sea too.”
“Jealousy can make you a devil you didn't know you could be.”
“Lily. Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
“When you master the art of loving yourself and be content with your life, you have discovered your heaven.”
“I understood the vagaries of nature and the vicissitudes of young girls' hearts. The beats of my spirit I put on hold deepened my awareness of Life. But only the madness in me made me enjoy every second of being alive.”
“Todo es arriesgado, por defecto o por exceso, si está fuera de cualquier control. La pasión, la seducción, el atractivo por el riesgo es precisamente la posibilidad de que todo salga bien o mal, y el proveedor necesario de esa sensación y ese resultado es la ausencia de cualquier control.”
“My silence inspires me to find my own voice.”
“If you don't fear your diminishing kindness then there is nothing as dark and lethal as you.”
“Death is tired of waiting for me. Now, I must leave before it gets angry and curses me with immortality.”
“What I like about the trees is their serenity. They're not a generation in a hurry.”
“It doesn't take long for life to screw everything up. Don't be proud.”
“Either we waste time, or it ends up making us lose.”
“People choose to believe beautiful lies over bitter truth.”
“Sometimes there are no happy days after sad days. There are more sad days”
“It's sad to live in this world and miss Heaven. But it's so sad, for God to miss us in His Kingdom despite having proven His love and having provided everything so that we couldn't miss it.”
“But we don’t always get what we want in this life. In fact, we don’t get what we want most of the time. We get compromises and settlements, half measures and tamped-down dreams. We get half a loaf baked, half a glass filled.”
“An idle life is a bitter life.”
“Darling listen - I want you to wake up now  Oh, no.. you took me otherwise. I am not asking you to wake up early today & do the same thing you did yesterday, I want you to wake up in life  To wake up in life means to become more of yourself, to express yourself, to show the world how you're unique & the best, everyday. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “Things happen to me” to “I make things happen”… It also means to remain happy with what you have while working hard for what you want. To wake up in life means putting a full stop to “watering the WEEDS” & begin “watering the SEEDS”… It also means to stop over-dreaming & under-acting. To wake up in life means shifting your mindset from “what is missing” to “what you’re grateful for”… & giving your best shot to everything & achieving every single thing you possibly CAN! Good luck & Tons of Good Wishes!”
“A cold wind always blows towards you from the doors you have not opened in your life, and it is as if the door reproaches you why you did not come in!”
“They blossom whenever and wherever they want, the little flowers of hope; our antidote to the horrors of the world.”
“Life leads us into its spaces slowly. We’re not sure what awaits us next. We set out to explore it, moving circumspectly, with a sense of anticipation then suddenly it opens up and teases us with its transparency.”
“I don't want to fall in love, I want to rise with love.”
“You don't ask for questions to come in your head, they just come up.”
“Some of your best weapons against unhappiness may be on the shelf of your own heart.”
“Remember the names of your ancestors in memory. Walk as if every tree you pass through in the mountain is a reliquary of their being, a safekeeping for life.”
“And there was a murmur of leaves along the whisper of a Twilight sky, in a canopy of stars swiftly walking through the lilac hue of a distant dream. And gently a dream passed by waving a smile, in a fiery glow of a thousand lives to kiss the halo of a soft sunset awaiting its morn.”
“The mountains harness light.”
“Always be yourself because once you lose yourself you lose everything.”
“a woman with the right support system can take over the world”
“If you learn to use the tools of body, mind, emotions, and energy by choice, you will naturally become a very impactful human being.”
“Life was simpler, too, if one did not think too hard. -The Burning Soul”
“ . ধরে নে ফিরে আসবেনা। তাহলে কষ্ট কম পাবি।ফিরে আসবে ভেবে অপেক্ষা করছিস - মানুষ টা ফিরে আসছেনা। কষ্ট বেশি না?”
“In a way it's not bad to realize that things can never be the same again.”
“Sometimes you don't want things to get better. You want them to get worse before you can finally get ride off them.”
“Sometimes you have to try a thing: even if it seems impossible, you have to try.”
“It’s the things we don’t know, don’t rightly understand, that frighten us most.”
“I sacrificed my time for the greater good. At this moment, I feel quite ready to serve the world and humanity in general.”
“I am an author, engineer and entrepreneur all at the same time. I am, therefore, nothing and everything at the same time.”
“Children are the most valuable teachers.”
“The happiness of an ignoramus is only temporary and he does not know its source.”
“In the case of seeking knowledge, don't do it to brag and don't give up because you think you are not worthy of becoming wise in life. Never underestimate yourself.”
“The wisdom of the ancients decays with time.”
“Whether you exist or not, brave or weak, life goes on.”
“If Jesus was buried on Earth, then the best miracle would be to resuscitate him and bring him back to life.”
“Don't let life stand in the way of y'our future.”
“I have never seen anyone who has ever benefited from mere wishing in life.”
“Every wish is an unfulfilled desire.”
“Noble men innovate Common men imitate Ignoble men annihilate”
“Heal deeply and live fully!”
“You can change your Life Story, by healing your Soul Story!”
“You may come across a giant mountain that you will have to overcome in life; you can see this as an event that you will be afraid of and run away from, or you can see it as a great opportunity to gain glory! If you run, you become a coward, if you fight, you become a hero!”
“It’s not where you live your life; it’s how you live your life that matters more.”
“If you build a road in the desert and then leave it to its fate, the desert sands will swallow that road! The same thing happens in life, if you don't protect the things you've built, life will swallow them!”
“There is nothing as heart-pinching as having regrets over not pursuing an opportunity that you know you had a shot at.”
“Waste yourself: give yourself to others!”
“The day you stop looking for happiness outside, the very day you will be happy.”
“In my time, I've written some books & essays, and I've loved, and I love still.”
“Peace is white sun reflections on summer pear trees, and ocean mist droplets defying gravity by air currents. Peace is caffeinated goodbye-kissing and velvet smiles laced with credence. Trumpet horns sound off the coming of Blue Jays, Swallows and Chickadee’s. And there is no sadness echoing within or without. There is a taste of God in every grass blade and car horn raging in the city. The stop lights are all green, and there are children playing in the fountains. A dog laps my hand, and finally—I remembered what it’s all about.”
“Neha’s walk across the river felt excruciatingly long. Like a rubber band stretched to its limits. It is peculiar how moments of happiness and euphoria seem to pass over like greased lightning when compared to the ones filled with pain or anxiety. I often ask myself if happiness is genuinely fleeting or if we are hardwired to believe that human beings are born to suffer, and for that very reason tend to sadistically amplify and stretch our anxieties? Could our age old conditioning be in cahoots with Loki? Maybe, maybe not. I am still debating this, internally ”
“We don't get what we want in life - we get what we need in order to grow.”
“I don't desire a happy life, I desire for a happy death”
“What is the call of your soul? What does it want? Your soul wants to be happy. Knowingly or unknowingly that is what you are working for, to make your soul happy.”
“Love them or leave them, because killing them will hurts us all.. Save wildlife..!”
“You will not learn to truly live until you have died several times”
“Understanding is not enough, the training of mental power is still necessary. I am not looking for peace in life, but for freedom. Simply, because freedom is sweeter than peace.”
“Accepting reality is what matters. Creating a new reality is what will move you forward in life. Define yourself and give meaning to your life.”
“If you have imaginary ants in your mind, you will see them in your food as well.”
“Many live free in their bodies. Freedom after death is not guaranteed.”
“To love someone with no house in their chest is to endure nothing else other than the slow spinning pirouette of the vicissitudes of life.”
“I was dropped at birth and left on the ground. Now I am crawling, and there’s a rainbow beneath me.”
“When life pressures down, make sure you are not buried but planted. Become .”
“I might be a fool once but not in a life time”
“To get something in life you need to give out something”
“Sometimes life doesn't make any sense to you; this sounds very weird to you! But the truth of the matter is this: Sometimes if life makes sense to you then you have to see it as something weird!”
“Me and my loneliness, friends forever.”
“You can do anything, but not everything”
“Trees make me believe that we can also renew and reshape our lives, no matter what we face in life.”
“Unless you become a big picture thinker, you will always stay where you are. ~ Ahmed Omaar”
“Unless you become a big picture thinker, you will always stay where you are.”
“Every student must choose one of two pains; the pain of self-discipline or the pain of regret of neglected opportunities.”
“Money is not everything just a tool to fulfill our needs, but we have required maximum money to live in this society.”
“A man is just not the body where he lives but rather a man is where his thoughts live. We as humans over time start to live within ourselves and our thoughts.”
“Don't let life stand in the way of your dreams, your health and wellbeing.”
“It took ages to go where I wanted to go Didn't know that crematorium is my destination.”
“It is better to say No instead of pretending to have all the answers.”
“Obligation is a prison. To get out of it, we must serve our time.”
“We are multiple in One. All vibrating energy.”
“Being selfish is part of life that lets you survive.”
“If you don't encounter the life in scriptures through the Holy Spirit you will not be empowered to live the LIFE of scriptures.”
“I only felt at peace by turning all my dreams into visions. It was then that I faced the realities of the universe.”
“The present does exist, but inside our minds only.”
“By wanting less, you'll have more time on your sleeves. Only by wanting more, will you end up wasting your precious time on things that don't matter in life.”
“The main purpose of life is to be satisfied in the right way. That is, getting satisfaction from things that are beneficial to you rather than harmful.”
“Sometimes when you look at people, you don't see them clearly, you see them blurred, erased! Life is so short that these faint images of people soon become the truth. If we look at the speed of time and say that they have already disappeared, we would be telling the truth!”
“You haven't been loved well, until you've been loved just for sake of loving. Love is such a generous force. Being friends with opposite sex isn't always easy, but so very necessary for all of us, because at the end of the day we are all just humans in need of affection and care. And we are in need of caring, as much as being cared for. It is so very liberating to be in state of platonic, yet, nonetheless deep and honest love. It is compassion personified. The reason why I even mention opposite sex, is because, as a woman I truly value and enjoy company of great men. And it is often hard to allow men to be men, in sense of - their right to self expression, their right to be affectionate and protective and to embody all of those essential traits that make for a decent human being, without attaching a hidden agenda to their gestures of kindness and goodwill. Men, too, like to be of service. Men, too, like to be generous and kind - and God knows they are not only capable but also darn great at it. That's all there is to it, really. It is regrettable that often women don't feel safe in presence of men. Not so say that all men are the same, but truthfully, not all women are the same, either. I think, when we heal as a collective, this gap will no longer require bridging. I am, certainly, hoping for it. Friendship is the greatest gift we can gift to each others. But first, come acknowledgment and allowing ourselves to express our better nature without romanticizing or vilifying it. Love is meant for us all, no exceptions.”
“Man can live in any world he wants, all he needs to do is change his mindset ~Rishi Mathur”
“On the dark stretch of life your love is torch”
“Personal development requires effort for self-improvement, and being mindful is the start of that process. Mindfulness will benefit your physical and mental health; therefore, you should practice it. Be mindful and live for the moment and make the best of it through awareness of your thoughts, people, and environment. It can bring various physical, psychological, and social benefits to help you on your life journey. Change your focus and gain a grand vision while achieving prosperity one moment at a time.”
“We're all in the same boat here, trying to survive.”
“Where would they be without each other to hold, to cling onto when the other was falling? Who else would grab and pull the hand of the other who was slipping down a dark hole, with no one else to understand them?”
“Secrets bind us down yet set us free. Love is like that, too.”
“Do what you can NOW With what you have NOW Where you are NOW With the energy and the strength you have NOW …and KEEP GOING!”
“A person who knows all the troubles of life does not look for big things to find peace, little things are more than enough to make him happy!”
“In life, you must always be your own hero so that you will be able to accomplish more than you are .”
“You are on the edge of the escarpment, confused whether to dive into a new chapter of life or immerse in the story of your past.”
“Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.”
“Life likes to do to us what we do to it. If we are scared of it, it scares us too. If we try to escape it, it gets us by our neck.If we try to chase it, it slips us by. If we love it, it simply loves us back. -Emit Eht”
“If you want me to continue doing good for you. Then be appreciative of the things I do for you.”
“Your silence harms our relation more than my rude words.”
“Life as I see it resembles much of a game, one that can't be won only played. So play your game, the one only you can play. Be present in every experience and aware of every moment, as it is being recorded in the book of life.”
“A life without a goal is like an unguided missile”
“Earth Existence in a 3rd density world: A Veil of Virtual Reality.”
“Awaken and remember who you are.”
“It is true that we are nothing without Jesus, but many forget that it is also true that, with Him, we become a marvel. Let the world marvel, it’s a calling!”
“What about the pain? How did you got rid of it? Darling, in this world, there's no salvation from pain.”
“Oh, how wondrous our lives are! How everything can change but in a single instant… It is truly a miracle of God. We believe we can control our lives as we want, but in truth, we never know what’s coming up. Hence, all we can do, in the end, is enjoy the moments given, pray, and hope for the better. We must always remember that everything will change, and every moment will pass, so it should be embraced whilst it is still within our grasp.”
“Ponekad se možda mora živeti za nešto kako bi se preživelo sve ostalo.”
“A huge wave has magic and when it hits you it has a punch effect! Well, life is just like that, a giant wave, both fascinating and shocking!”
“Perspective of Darkness is Not always Reality of Badness.”
“The most embarrassing thing in life is, "You have a lot of dreams and you don't try because people say something.”
“You believe you have Time - You do not have Time, you have Life; What you do with it is up to you.”
“Life is full of traps; the most dangerous of these are the traps that you do not realize even after you are caught because if you do not realize that you are in the trap, you will remain in the trap!”
“The most important strategy in life is this: While you are on a road, raise your mind like an eagle and watch yourself from above! The solution to many of the problems you encounter and will encounter in life lies in the art of getting away from yourself and observing yourself from the outside and from afar!”
“Along the path of life you will see dark shadows, very tempting, very beautiful shadows, but do not be fooled by them, pass by the shadows and keep walking on your path, leave them behind!”
“Everyone wants to live life, but first you have to understand life and then live it! Those who live life without understanding life have lived in vain!”
“We all have inner abilities to fulfil, a path to discover, people to connect with, and a love of certain things which will make us glad to be alive.”
“sometimes it’s the senseless feelings which overwhelm you, the despair and frustration which build to dangerous levels and the subsequent release, the cigarettes, alcohol, nameless fucks, nights spent in the drunk tank. the cats howling outside the window know this and they act accordingly.”
“Don't hate someone just because they don't think like you.”
“Keep quiet where you are a noise”
“When life makes you sad; And it's the worst you've ever had. Remember - life also gives its best lessons, When your time is terribly bad.”
“If you're looking for something extraordinary to change your life, you should be on the move, just like a river! If you stay where you are like a lake, nothing will change in your life, you will remain like a lake!”
“You can belittle a person who is constantly waiting at a station where no train stops, and call her crazy! Or you can rewind and watch her tragic life movie and then admire her for still standing on her feet!”
“Awaking Overnight to Compete Dreams is First Steps towards Achievements.”
“Sometimes People think you are Not Normal ,Make them think you are actually Not Normal (Genius).”
“Neither Every Friend is your Classmates nor Every Classmate is your Friend.”
“The most embarrassing thing in life is, You have a lot of dreams and you don't try because people say something.”
“To become a leader, you must also be prepared to act like the best slave who never rests or sleeps.”
“The road is as long and as thrilling as you make it. Go slow, and the ride is short and boring. But go fast, and the trip is expansive and enthralling. Some may say this is life in the fast lane—I think this is life in the best lane. -- Suzanna in Flower Girl A Novel”
“Mindfulness benefits our physical and mental health; therefore, we should practice it. Being mindful is living for the moment and making the best of it through awareness of our thoughts, people, and environment. It can bring various physical, psychological, and social benefits to help you on your life journey. Change your focus and gain a grand vision while achieving prosperity one moment at a time.”
“Today is the very busy day of the year as I am working really hard to create some rules for the new year, not for the reason that I follow, just because I love breaking rules!”
“If someone has decided to walk away from you. Then accept it and start walking away from them too.”
“If you allow them to hurt you. Then they will continue hurting you.”
“There was a time when I used to feel hurt by you. But now I just feel detached with you, your words and even your love. Now you can’t hurt me.”
“When hope is extinguished, boredom and despair set in. Therefore, it would be wise to guard against these latter attributes.”
“Betraying someone once can be a mistake. Betraying someone twice is a choice.”
“What’s it going to be? A life of time, or the time of your life? You decide.”
“It's very hurtful too see yourself getting replaced in the life of someone who promised to never replace you.”
“Find the lessons in the stressing’, the miracles in the mundane, the blessings in what is given, and acceptance in what is taken away.”
“I woke up rich this morning. Not because my bank account was full, but because my lungs were.”
“What is Life? But a fleeting moment of a passing dream, a dream that flows too swiftly, nimble and calm, yet all but a moment's walk, a mad jest of a thousand voices finding a harmony in a conundrum of Time. Finding calm in chaos, for a mind that never rests. Smoky nights in the lull of rainy reflection.”
“We have to try and unite, despite our differences, despite our genders or race. For what kind of society are we building, if we cannot even master ourselves”
“I hurt myself in trying to keep you happy all the time.”
“It’s never been about winning or losing. It’s about living your life unafraid to do either.”
“Life is too short. If you have to be anyone, be yourself.”
“The ghost is real  if the ghost is a secret from the past, then yes, the ghost as a metaphor could be real. Otherwise, there is no place for the dead and in this rotten world of the living.”
“We all play and dance to the tune that's in our minds and ears. And that's what makes life enjoyable for many of us.”
“For anyone who wishes to see something in real time, alive, that is completely unique and mysterious. Something that can not and will never be duplicated or completely understood nor defined, look in a mirror.”
“Na maioria das vezes são crianças como Christiane, particularmente sensíveis, vulneráveis e cheias de dignidade, que, em consequência do fracasso da geração dos seus pais, refugiam-se na marginalidade. Isso para escapar às pressões da adaptação, da "normalidade", para se proteger da despersonalização em que vivem seus pais.”
“Life can be powered by one, pure emotion”
“Unless you take control of your life, you will forever be a slave to others. The choice is yours.”
“Self-acceptance is your truth, and in matters of someone else's opinion of you will only be their belief of you, and that opinion will only survive in your life if you accept it to be true.”
“We are taught from the time we are born about how to behave, how to look and how to act. Comply and do not question! The path is already set for you, as long as you stay on it you will make it.”
“Death is the glorious passage of life temporal into life eternal”
“If the one you love when you close your eyes, is the one you adore when they open, you are living the dream.”
“Success demands sacrifice”
“There is no time without change and there is no life without time. Not believing in time is also not believing in change.”
“There is nothing special or terrifying about devil worshipers. They are just individuals drunk with the love of life.”
“Some people claim that a friend is worth more than a brother and others say the opposite, a brother is worth more than a mere friend. But in our case, we are both brothers and friends.”
“To sin is to declare war on the universe and to bring disorder to the world.”
“I edit and control my whole life, that is what being accountable and responsible is. That is why I do not edit my writing, art is my escape from the restrictions and rules of life.”
“Happiness or sadness is not anyone's creation, but your choice.”
“In the back of my head I knew that life didn’t work that way, in phases of good and bad, and that good and bad usually occurred at the same time.”
“สิ่งที่น่าเศร้าสลดที่สุดของมนุษย์ คือการมีชีวิตอยู่อย่างเจ็บปวดและสิ้นหวัง”
“At this point, when you start discussing books with friends, You start Growing towards Maturity.”
“If you understand that life is a game, it means that you are a skilled player. You know it's time to let go. Loosen your grip, get up, get off the stage, walk away. Life is a stifling, endless, infamous match. And between the pawn and the king, in the final challenge, there's not that much difference”
“I watch the coffee drip, thinking of not just how fleeting time is but how the truly magical moments in our lives are the simplest, and how we let them pass without a thought. We foolishly believe that somehow they will all last forever, that destiny will not show up at our door unannounced and knock when we least expect it.”
“एक ज़रा सा टुकड़ा धूप का मैंने कब ज़िन्दगी से उसकी जागीर मांगी थी”
“The vast majority of your life will be boring and not noteworthy, and that’s okay.”
“Life is only long when we are unhappy.”
“There is a calling on your life, make it count.”
“I see practical enlightenment as becoming comfortable with the idea that some suffering is always inevitable, that no matter what you do, life is comprised of failures, loss, regrets, and even death.”
“Trust your journey. The best view is during, not after.”
“Ordinary people just want to live a simple life, with or without divine forces. When something bad happens, they become vulnerable, and evil people try to exploit them.”
“When you see la vie en rose, la vie gives you roses.”
“Don't Give Up; You are not alone. There will always be others who will extend their hand out to you and listen to understand your story. So do not be afraid to interact with others and have faith that someday it will be ok because it will. Remember, nothing stays the same, and every storm has its resolution.”
“Every life deserves to be loved; We are all connected beings, whether that be with each other, animals, or nature. We must recognize that connection and extend our circle of compassion to all living things.”
“Only pain is free. For Happiness you need to pay, and the price is your kindness”
“If you call someone special then treat them specially.”
“For some people the only source of joy is seeing you fail.”
“Without acknowledging the ever-present gaze of death, the superficial will appear important, and the important will appear superficial.”
“The existence of stars can be seen in the dark; Sometimes you may experience darkness in your life, consider it a blessing to prove your existence.”
“The empty glass is filled with air; Just change the perspective, everything will change.”
“Before you judge me, make sure you are perfect”
“I've noticed as I get older, time seems to fly by in hyper-speed. You blink, and a week has passed. Blink again, and a year has gone by.”
“Like a glove, life fits if you can just get yourself to fit with it. But, like a mule, it can kick if you get yourself out of step with it.”
“If you see a person who is completely devoid of worries about life, check if he is human!”
“Living is such a great adventure. Swing between good and evil, pleasure and pain, success and failure. It's full of ups and downs.”
“Self-Love Requires Self-Care; caring for ourselves focuses on our well-being in mind. We are giving ourselves the same forgiveness, kindness, and compassion we give to others.”
“Those who have not understood who am I? have less hope of keeping themselves alive. Originality and identity are all you need under the universe.”
“We are always looking for supernatural beings in the universe, forgetting that we are part of these supernatural phenomena. We are the inner souls and not the corporeal beings.”
“How rich or poor we are depends on whom and what we compare with.”
“याद है अब भी वो बचपन की बेफिक्र दुनिया छोटी सी ज़िद और ढेरों खुशियां दौड़ते-भागते, खबर थी क्या कि वक़्त कुछ यूं दौड़ेगा, ज़िन्दगी कुछ यूं मुड़ेगी कि उम्र को पछाड़ तज़ुर्बा आगे, मीलों आगे होगा। अब सोचते हैं जेब में लिए फिरते थे ज़िन्दगी आलम ये है कि अब दिखाई भी नहीं देती।”
“Love is Life's ambition”
“Truth is the parallel of life, a light, which shines beyond pitiful self-denial and meandering pride.”
“We don't bring anything into the world and we sure as shit don't take anything out.”
“The night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off.”
“You can't fix something if you're hiding from it.”
“Why is life so difficult? Why can’t we be just ourselves and have everyone accept us the way we are?”
“Stalked by wolves, eaten by witches, and trapped in a tower for over a decade. No one's life is a fairytale, or at least I would hope not!”
“In our hearts we all know if we are right or wrong.”
“Maybe sometimes in life you just miss your chance”
“We love to be forgiven, but we hate to forgive others; unless they fall on their knees to worship us.”
“There is no death without life, but there can be life without death. Seems like death depends on life. Simply put, life goes on.”
“If you are attentive and focused enough, you can easily become your own tutor. Even the hunter is the hunted.”
“Sometimes holding on is what holds us back.”
“Sometimes holding on is what holds you back.”
“To create the magic of life is your own responsibility, Because People are just spectators who create problems.”
“Inventions are Personal But An Idea is Always Universal.”
“Every morning brings freshness and new hope; Be like morning”
“প্রতিদিন ঘুম থেকে উঠে যাকে দেখি, তাকেই যদি ভালোবাসতে না পারি, তবে এজীবন বৃথা…! জীবনে অন্তত একবার নিজের সাথে প্রেমে পড়ুন, দেখবেন জীবনের পথে আসা মানসিক অবসাদ গুলি কাঁটিয়ে উঠা কতটা সহজ।”
“Live each day as if it were your last” is a good idea—once a week.”
“If you listened to every pang, you wouldn't get anywhere in life”
“Maybe sometimes in life you get another chance. Maybe you can go back. Right back to  how it was in the beginning.”
“Money is money, after all. But we don’t see it that way. Depending on how we get it, we treat it differently. Money is not naked; it is wrapped in an emotional shroud.”
“Prayer and hard work are a strong team for making the impossible possible. A wholehearted prayer makes the right hard work pay off, and the key to activating an answered prayer is often hard work dictated by common sense.”
“Children are ever so keen to cut their teeth on what their parents do consistently. So, when you treat your parents with loving care today, you are most likely teaching your children how to honour you in the future.”
“One of life’s greatest obstacles to fulfilment is the habit of getting so caught up in the illusion of how others are doing while taking the reality of how well you are running your own race for granted.”
“Life is a set of thousands of dots of miracles; Connect them to create a beautiful picture”
“She did not want history to repeat itself. What she did not know was that sometimes, history had a way of crawling back into people’s life when they least expect it.”
“Life is full of fun and happy moments.”
“Sometimes you become a completely new person in an instant and it's for your betterment”
“Bad company is always bad company”
“If you know you are right then you are absolutely right”
“In the jungle some animals are given certain gifts and abilities to survive. As humans we have special gifts and abilities to help us survive in this worldly jungle.”
“My conscience is crystal clear. But like a crystal, it has many sides to it.”
“คนที่ทำร้ายเจ้าได้ มีเพียงคนที่เจ้าใส่ใจ เรื่องที่เจ้าใส่ใจเท่านั้น - กู้ชิงจู๋”
“Misfits Change the World Every. Single. Day.”
“World you won the war against a man but lost the war against his ideology, he is still alive with different names in many faces”
“Stop caring much about someone who wouldn't think twice before hurting you.”
“Lies have no permanent hiding place”
“เมื่อคลื่นทะเลซัดสาดจึงจะเผยให้เห็นธาตุแท้ของคน - อาเสวียน”
“The truth is that one must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.”
“If you're starting to take seriously a mysterious voice inside you that says you have to do something more difficult and more important than your simple life of making money, eating, drinking and being happy, then you are on the right path, my friend!”
“Semakin tua, orang akan menjadi semakin munafik, karena orang itu tahu banyak hal. Karena tahu banyak hal, maka ia akan takut banyak hal pula. Karena takut, ia akan ringan berbohong, mudah berubah, dan pandai beralasan.”
“We’d grown up in the same environment, went to the same schools, and had about the same intelligence, I figured. She’d always been a ruthless, angry, mean person, but at thirteen, she’d started doing stupid crap that led to more stupid crap and more stupid crap and more stupid crap until she was buried under so much crap, she could never find her way out of it. You couldn’t expect anyone to take care of you better than you could take care of you.”
“The basis on which I live and breath is clearly not my making or written by me. I live because the firmament and the bodies that control the existence of man found me worthy. I'm here occupying space, tilling/ harvesting. Gradually, I fade into the stars ⭐. And in the end , I'm only but a sojourner who wouldn't stay till the end of time" @agboportia”
“To have everything one wishes for never satisfies oneself - it is the thought of having just enough of everything that leads to happiness without having anything.”
“Never apologize for someone's wrong interpretation of your right words.”
“In reality, we do not believe in reality, we believe in the illusion of reality.”
“Life Is Like A FINAL EXAM, So Work Hard For It Is, And Not A Classroom Assignment.”
“You can walk on the shady side of a mountain or on the sunny side! The choice is yours! And the same choice applies in life!”
“Make good decisions in today's life that determine the future of You and Your loved ones”
“You cannot find the way (destination) if you are lost in the dark, because you do not know what is to come it increases your fear and the darkness will eventually swallow you up for you are unclean by your evil deeds and conscience”
“There are red lights in traffic, you stop when they turn red. Life has no red lights, life never tells you to stop here or there; you have to choose the place and time you need to stop”
“Self-talk should be a conversation of priority with oneself. It can be encouraging when having a positive outlook on life with your thoughts, beliefs, and ideas. Be Optimistic with positive thinking, and it can be an effective way to better your wellbeing with excellent outcomes in life. As a result, you will have greater life satisfaction.”
“Living life is hardest than bravely dying.”
“You wasted years upon years, Yelling with empty eyes and ears, That I just can't be bothered with your excuses Because trust me, I'm a woman with better ideas.”
“Keep on fighting like an animal without to lose the romantic and logical nature of a human being, that's Life.”
“If you love yourself, then you have one of the greatest psychological support for every challenge you face in life!”
“Life is always sweet in Christ Jesus, all depends only on your faith in Him.”
“¨…sigue la voz a las hojas vivas, las hojas muertas, la hoja comida por los insectos, las flores, los frutos, las semillas que vuelan en el aire. Fíjate en su corteza, su forma, su color… el grosor de las ramas y el color de las flores. Intenta visualizarte ahora. Mira desde afuera hacia adentro. Mira el árbol. Mira a tu alrededor. Mira adentro. ¿Quién eres?¨”
“A dot of your life you can transform into the comma.”
“Some things are best hidden by remaining directly in front of everyone’s eyes.”
“Speed like a leper’s tongue on a virgin tit.”
“Art and literature are curses that we love.-Aron Micko H.B”
“I think LIFE would be bored to death trying to carry on without me. Immortality is the only cure.”
“Change should be accepted not opposed.”
“Self-Talk is the most important conversation of your life.”
“Most people these days chase new things - new houses, new cars, new objects. But, they don't realise that old houses, old cars, and old objects have something that new things don't have - their history and culture. We must look at life from each other's perspective. New things will make you feel good but maybe for a short time. There is nothing fascinating about chasing new things. Which is why some people, like my parents, love old things, because these things have emotions, and sentiments attached to them. My Mom and Dad choose to stay in our old house in my hometown, because it was the house they built with their hard work and love. It is the house where my mother writes her beautiful poetry. It is the house where my father treats his patients. It is a house which has books, culture, cracks and yes history.”
“जो शख़्स आपको डरा रहा होता है, याद रखें, वो भी किसी न किसी बात से डरा हुआ होता है।”
“GOD will always favor your intervention for the love & care of another beautiful soul.”
“If you are constantly faced with closed and locked doors in life, maybe life wants you to develop a locksmith skill!”
“Why I joined Temple!" Lah would say. "Tea, nice music, decent architecture!" "And the devotion of your life to awe, gratitude, compassion, and respect?" "Yes yes yes - all that stuff too.”
“Value your time and goals but don't forget to value the people in your life too.”
“You will never understand someone's pain if you haven't lived their life.”
“We never choose to love. It just happens.”
“One defeat doesn't mean that we are defeated forever.”
“The best time of my life is when I have no concept of it.”
“We are all such broken children acting like adults.”
“I don’t need no more human friends.”
“Life is intermittent. Mine at least it is.”
“Remember, it is YOUR LIFE, and only YOU are responsible to God for what you do with it and who you become.”
“Some times in life you need pain .To understand the world rules .”
“Overnight success stories are not the entire story”
“Everything is precious in this world before you get it & after you lose it”
“It doesn't matter what you say, what you do means everything.”
“Don't give up because in the end, everything will be worth it.”
“Non aver fretta, la vita non scappa via.”
“If you can still breathe, God still has a purpose for you. If you are still living, then it's not over yet.”
“You may see me struggle, but you will never see me stop. Though there are times I fall, but I will never lose sight of the top.”
“Meet people's needs, not just by words but by deeds.”
“Your pain is not a waste, someday it will become the source of your strength.”
“Life is a double win. The more we help others, the farther we all go.”
“Don't give up so fast, the best always comes last.”
“Always remember that your goals require dedication”
“A negative atmosphere can affect human behavior and can make you question your ability to accomplish goals. We can have difficulties making progress towards what we want. There's no risk in moving away from those toxic environments for the betterment of your wellbeing. GOD will always bless your efforts for the greater good.”
“To doubt your ability is to accept failure and embrace the worst, without even trying your best.”
“Serious authors or writers have the most serious faces that you can ever imagine.”
“If truth is the best form of honor, success is the best form of justice.”
“Only after a million moments of confusion you get a moment of clarity.”
“No matter what! People will always judge you.”
“Being silent about your relationship issues is not a strength. It's just an escape.”
“Don't try to walk against time. Learn to walk with time.”
“Dare to dream and don't stop until your dream becomes a reality.”
“It's hard to hate someone you understand!”
“Prejudice is hate submerged in ignorance”
“KNOWING OTHERS, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE WORLD YOU ARE IN; KNOWING YOU, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE WORLD IN YOU; KNOWING THE WORLD, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE GOD IN YOU; KNOWING GOD, LEARNS YOU TO UNDERSTAND THE LIFE; LIFE IS MOMENTARILY OWNED BUT ETERNALLY YOURS”
“The difference between life and death is life.”
“If you want a better life. Work, success doesn't come by itself. Enjoy the ride.”
“It’s a shame, really; all the exciting things happen when you’re not there to witness them. It’s almost as if life is purposefully trying to annoy you in that way.”
“Changing your environment for the greater good can also open your mind to a new sense of freedom and endless possibilities.”
“GOD will always favor your intervention for the love & care of another.”
“When it comes to life, you've two options; Live it or Leave it.”
“Your ability to take right decisions in present determines your future.”
“Even when people leave. Their mark stays in your life forever.”
“I thought your heart was just mine. Sadly it belongs to somebody else too.”
“The best time to start anything is today.”
“You can try as much as you want. But some people will be in your life only for a while.”
“The love that comes with terms and conditions is not love.”
“Don't allow to take you for granted. Not even someone you love.”
“Happiness and success are not the same.”
“Start before it's too late.”
“Don't wait to lose a person to realize their worth in your life.”
“It's not just about sharing happy moments. It's about surviving the tough times together.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living in borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living in borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“Time is life and time can never be saved. It can only be spent in the right way.”
“Life is always available in the present, it cannot be searched in either past or future”
“When you do wrong to the people who love you, it surely comes back to you.”
“You feel insecure in a relationship only when you feel unloved and unheard.”
“I don't know what would I do without you.”
“You can't grow without suffering.”
“Don't try to make other happy when you yourself are unhappy.”
“Stop waiting for future and start building your future.”
“Do you see my diamond-studded smile and passion-filled eyes? It’s because I’m in that stage of my life where I have nothing to prove to anyone. There is no elaborate pretence and no lavish ostentations. Genuineness smoulders in yellow gold, and I carry integrity on my eyelids. I stitch virtue, ornately and intricately, in every feather of my powder silver wings, which thrusts me past the iridescent rainbow where my ambitions soar high amid the dappled blanket of the sky. This is I; the stronger me, the happier me and the empowered me.”
“If you want to make money, know the business; but if you want to make a fortune, know yourself.”
“The content structures of our existence, whether of mind or body, are helpful in our daily activities. Nevertheless, these can also be very manipulative and restrictive concerning conscious awakening. Thoughts and emotions can be excellent students of life. However, they cannot and should never be the teacher or master of this mystery.”
“Before giving an answer, you must first understand the question. When the question is not clear, the answer will also follow the same path.”
“It is already Monday. The weekend is over. RIP to the weekend.”
“Being your authentic self may make it more difficult for you to fit in but it will make you more at ease with yourself!”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living in borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living in borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“I will stay as long as I can by yere side,” He said. Feeling overwhelmed, I whispered to him, “We are living on borrowed time now.” “We are all mortals living on borrowed time, my lady,” was his reply.”
“You've had many situations where you want to rewind time! But life is telling you this: Did you make a move that knocked the glass down? If you did, the glass will fall to the ground and break! Live life carefully because time does not go backwards!”
“To change the way you live. You should change the way you think.”
“You either go with the flow, or you become the flow.”
“Don't try to control your people. Let them make their own mistakes.”
“Stay calm! Those ignoring you today will need you tomorrow.”
“It's painful to not be in touch with the people who once mattered to you the most.”
“Everyone just keeps demanding what they want from us until we learn to resist and do what we want.”
“Sometimes life happens so fast, it feels like a blip on a tv screen. You know something was there, but you don't know what it was.”
“Sometimes the only way to move forward is to step back and move out”
“It is true that age is just a number, your mindset or understanding is what matters most.”
“All dreams are full of doubts, but only those who are proactive can turn them into reality.”
“Doubt is the mother of fear. The remedy is to be an upright individual whenever the time comes to act.”
“Doubt not only kills an idea, but destroys the whole foundation of thought within you.”
“Unbecome everything that's not helping you become your best self”
“Even the quiet has a voice”
“La muerte nos permite observar lo que nunca quisimos advertir de nosotros. Somos pedazos de alusiones modificadas, monstruos del doctor Frankenstein reconstruidos de cadáveres de memorias.”
“That’s the sad irony of life. Once we learn our lessons… it’s over.”
“For we've all carried too much - maybe that's why, when we lay down something, it feels like everything is leaving, and yet - too much remains.”
“Perspective ignites passion.”
“When we trust our own gut and intuition things work out in greater flow.”
“Sometimes it's isolation before elevation.”
“You are what your heart is.”
“Unbecome everything that's not helping you become your best self.”
“A dishonest tongue stores truth in the heart. It's the reason why true colors are shown in moments of anger.”
“Love on today even if it stutters”
“You never have to look for your people, they just show up.”
“When you can control your emotional thermostat, you give gratitude a place to stay.”
“Settle the issue in your heart.”
“You can never outrun your unhealed wounds.”
“There’s a fine crack in the ceiling paint. I follow it across the room. It reminds me of all the little things in life that go unnoticed.”
“Here’s how I see it. You can break people up into three groups. The pre-midnight crowd, which is your average stiff. Saddled by their spouse, kids, and American idealism, easy to peg and rather uninteresting. Then, there’s the after-midnight crowd which is pretty interesting. They’re the people who can talk about the dark side, but not really go there, maybe they danced with it in college. But they still know how to have some fun. Then there’s the after 4am crowd that really opens your eyes to the world. You want empathy for people? Smoke a joint with two hookers who drive over two hours at 4.30 in the morning just to earn a living. Say what you want about morality, but that’s as real as it gets. All of sudden, 9-to-5 doesn’t seem so bad. Neither does the grumpy neighbor or that a-hole cousin. Plus, it’s quite liberating. You can say whatever you want. It’s all on the table. There’s nothing you can say that’s going to offend the underworld. What can be more extreme than the reality these two girls live?”
“Just don’t kill yourself with consumption, kid.”
“I feel like someone ripped my heart out, smashed it with a meat tenderizer until it resembled a piece of jerky, then gave it back to me and said, ‘Here you go, you’ll be fine, go live the rest of your life.”
“Look at the ocean, it just goes and goes for miles, and the waves keep tumbling in. The rain falls on the surface and doesn’t even affect it. Sure, it gets rocky, but it just keeps moving along.”
“Just don't kill yourself with consumption, kid.”
“Self-Improvement Requires Determination”
“Every day and every little step you take forward counts for a better tomorrow. No matter how long it takes, trying becomes self-rewarding for a better life with the development of positive emotions.”
“The veil of illusion cannot be overcome by mortals.”
“Wisdom will make you more alive than ignorance. Because the ignorant is no better than the dead.”
“There is no room to feel pain after you have become wise. No more surprises compared to the ignorant. Self-mastery is the first chapter of achieving wisdom.”
“Man can tame animals, however daring they may be. This is the beauty of intelligence. The only difference between a human being and an animal.”
“Once you exceed the measure, there is no limit. This is the major problem with overthinking. Things are out of your control.”
“False pride can make you believe that you are always right, even if you are always wrong. But it's just a belief.”
“Love is too much for our generation.”
“I dared to dance along broken lines and I cut myself once again - only to rewrite your words with meaning.”
“Healing is a lifestyle”
“Healing is a lifestyle.”
“Sacrifice is necessary if you want to move forward or improve your life.”
“The story of Noah's Ark illustrates that only the few selected animals, as well as human beings, will ever see the gates of paradise.”
“The lives of the living are still in their immature state, still growing.”
“How does life treat me? Life is the "I" or divine Ego, and the "ME" is the corporeal part. We are all visitors, I treat it well and it does the same to me.”
“What should i write about her. My pen knows her better than me.”
“I have learnt to take care of myself without you.”
“Arranged marriage is compared to death by some people. Simply because it's always painful to die when you still have unfinished business, just as it is to get married when you have no idea of your significant partner.”
“പോയ കാലങ്ങൾ, നഷ്ട്ടപെട്ട അവസരങ്ങൾ, തെറ്റിപ്പോയ തീരുമാനങ്ങൾ, ഒരിക്കലും തിരികെ വരുന്നില്ല, തിരുത്തപ്പെടാനായി. ഇതാണ് മനുഷ്യ ജീവിതത്തിന്റെ ഏറ്റവും വലിയ ദുരന്തത.”
“she can tell by their uniforms. It takes a million people to make life run the way it should run. Everyone has their own part to play in it.”
“Your evolve happens at the rate and quality of your involve.”
“Your evolve happens at the rate and quality of your involve.”
“Live today. Tomorrow is never assured.”
“Priorities change and so does people”
“Those who get offended with my words, have problem with my silence too”
“You will always be a need for them, not love.”
“Sex is the real motivation in any relationship.”
“Your looks and physical appearance will decide your present. Your vision and status will decide your future.”
“Those silent one's are good observers.”
“Those who get offended by my words have problem with my silence too.”
“A healthy mind and a healthy body are the two things you need the most in your firm stance in life, and in the absence of one of them, life becomes advantageous in the fight against you!”
“The only person who should know your next move is you.”
“For the actor, everything seems real; whether it is in acting or by carrying out his daily tasks.”
“Having blessed with ears does not guarantee that you will understand everything that has been said to you.”
“Those who have sight go blind at night and constantly need the moon or artificial light to guide them.”
“You end up hurting yourself every time you use your energy to prove a point”
“Use your energy to improve the point at the mirror.”
“Perception is everything. If you see everything through the lens of the naysayers or through a victim perspective, then it’s hard to get what you really want in life.”
“Cultivating holistic wealth helps us to be mentally tough and to have grit to weather the inevitable storms and setbacks that life brings.”
“If we react to disruptions fearfully or habitually, or even non-strategically, then it’s almost impossible to achieve holistic wealth.”
“Your circumstances, your past choices, who you were back then, and even how people wish you to be now need not define you.”
“Your thought patterns can be a wellspring of abundance to live life on your terms. But negative talk and self-doubt are a drain on your inner resources.”
“The term naysayers is how I refer to the people and social forces who tap into negative thinking and undermine your belief in your own ability to create holistic wealth.”
“At a basic level, your personal mission has to be rooted in the story of you, the sum of your life experiences, and what you want to achieve in the future. It is like a blueprint for your life that is filled with action verbs and themes that you associate with achieving a sense of abundance, and which extends beyond material resources.”
“Once your passions are ignited, it becomes easier to find success in whatever field you choose.”
“Without spiritual self-renewal, it is extremely difficult to live within each moment. Without spiritual self-renewal, we live with the ghosts of the past and carry them with us to the future, effectively robbing ourselves of the present and never fulfilling our destiny and purpose.”
“It is easy to be carried away with ruminating about the past and worrying about the future. We waste precious seconds, minutes, hours doing this every single day. When we stop judging our experiences, we become less reactive and better able to tolerate difficulty.”
“Being present helps us slow down the experience of time and fully enjoy the gifts that are available now. Life, within each moment, contains an entire universe of riches.”
“Nothing is guaranteed in life. A whole life can be lost in minutes and can be wasted in the small moments missed. None of this is forever.”
“Through intuition, we grasp the flow of change and dynamism present in the universe. We therefore discover, and intuition becomes a catalyst for holistic wealth.”
“Comparison to others is the emperor of all emotional maladies. It kills the spirit and creates divisions in our social interactions.”
“True luxury isn’t material, it’s about people”
“Every single part of your life can be changed by a shift in perception.”
“Holistic wealth is about creating circumstances in your life that allow you to be resilient and resourceful”
“The word no is like an asset in a metaphorical bank account where our life’s energy is the holding. Use it to save, and use it to earn a greater sense of yourself, what’s important to you, and where you want to spend your time and energy.”
“I kept every letter - only to be reminded of the wrong words can cause (to the heart).”
“We all begin to loose once we stop hoping.”
“Love is too much for our generation - that's why it dies in our hands but blooms at our feet.”
“Tak ada makhluk mana pun bisa mengalahkan usia tua, sebab pada akhirnya dia mengalahkan kita semua, membuat kita makin lemah dan akhirnya menutup mata selamanya.”
“Everything dies - except for love”
“I kept every letter - only to be remembered of the wrong one's words can cause (to the heart).”
“The student asked: Master, the train I was waiting for never came, what should I do? The master replied: Maybe the train isn't coming because it knows you're waiting! Surprise life! Give up the train, don't wait for the train!”
“Learning never ends because the human mind is not like a USB stick or memory card, it cannot be filled to the fullest. It's always hungry to know.”
“Optimism is the cure for negative thoughts.”
“What you accept is what will enter; You become what you feed your soul.”
“Enjoy Life with Love, Happiness, Laughter, and smiles; enjoy your journey and travel it well with acceptance in GOD. Remember, It is all those little steps you take with GOD that make your journey complete. So keep the faith in GOD and always walk by that faith.”
“Even in this rich-ass neighborhood, I suspect we’re all pretty much fucked.”
“It's so much fun to write. Sometimes great books are left out for lack of promotion, while unnecessary books are loved because of their popularity. Common people always follow the majority.”
“Sometimes we use the value that someone else gives us to determine the worth of ourselves and wonder why we fall short. When we cease listening to our own soul, we give our power away.”
“Momentum of triumph, concept that is attenuated in the gloom of my illegitimate twilight. I extend my drowsiness, with a daily current renewed by the euphoria. Day after day, day after day. It will be better.”
“​In the age of technology and abundant resources, it's more important for youth to understand the value of resources and believe what impact they can bring to their life.”
“The central challenge facing game designers is to delay the moment until you realize it’s a complete waste of time.”
“People always leave you when you need them the most.”
“What's left unsaid may mean more than what's said.”
“False hope is worse than no hope.”
“Even in the darkest of times you can make bright memories.”
“Being too forgiving to everyone is only going to hurt you.”
“My life is running, But I'm walking ”
“Compared to the universe, we are like a drop of water in the ocean. We come and pass unnoticed; just like a chilly wind.”
“Being an author does not mean limiting yourself to reading the works of others. We must continue to learn daily.”
“Sometimes the spirits want to possess the corporeal bodies. They also want to enjoy life in physical form.”
“Learn from the fallen angels and enjoy this life in peace.”
“It is often said that change is good, but when is it good for us?”
“Life emerges when something is alive and living.”
“Different desires in humans will also produce different purposes in life.”
“There is only one giver and that is God. Even the laws of gravity justify this concept. Therefore, God always gives us without expecting anything in return.”
“Good and evil come from the same thread, from God himself. I guess you believe He's the creator of everything. This means that nothing can be outside of His power or creation.”
“A needy God could end up destroying the universe one day. God is the Absolute. This means that he does not change and that he does not need anything from His creations.”
“Sometimes your age, too young or too old, can be the barrier to your lack of understanding of some deeper concepts.”
“How we wish we could breathe forever. But death, the destroyer of pleasure is waiting to take it away from us. Maybe death is the price of life. Isn't death painful because life is always beautiful?”
“It is best to lose everything than only gain for yourself, with others in need." -Philip Hamill, Sr.”
“If your political career ever forces you to choose between the action to benefit yourself or government, over the people, I suggest a new profession.” -Johnathon Roberts”
“Know the power in you; you can thrive despite circumstances.”
“Look within and recognize the power GOD has given you. You will be surprised how victorious you can be under any circumstances.”
“A hug does more than a talk”
“Be so wonderful and boundless in life to have lived it all your best.”
“Life has hidden stairs; whenever you feel trapped, look for those mysterious stairs to get out of there!”
“Awaken from the slumber of despair, as the heart repairs and memories dance to the song called time.”
“If love is a city, to enter it you must pass through the gates of dance.”
“Blessed are those whose breaths are faithful to the art of dance.”
“There's no need to stay strong all the time.”
“Somebody imperfect to the world can be absolutely perfect for you.”
“Sometimes life isn't about flying. It is about putting one foot in front of the other.”
“Some prefer isolation. Some prefer crowd.”
“God inspires us with wisdom when we seek His humility for elevation in Obedience”
“In an effort to preserve what little sanity I have left, I’ve decided to replace all of my anxiety and emotions with sarcasm and humor.”
“Everybody has their style and way of seeing things, but dance is that home where all unite as one humanity.”
“When you feel the pressure of life, a place dark and lonely, don’t give up, move, dance will come to your rescue.”
“When in the trance of dance you lose track of time, each moment equals to an eon of smiles.”
“What is this sensation of movements that every celebration of life begins and ends with a dance.”
“As the flame of longing burns, even if does not arrive beloved, in the arms of melodies, dance.”
“Replace the guilt with pride, the sorrow with smiles, gather the broken pieces of the heart, and dance.”
“Lose yourself beyond the identity of names, there is much to express, not with eyes or lips, but with the surge of dancing steps.”
“Remain close, don’t go far, hold hands and dance as the movements heal the scars.”
“In moments of pleasure and pain, during a celebration or a state of calm, when love arrives or says goodbye, evolve with a dance.”
“If skies became the canvas, if oceans became the ink, would it still be enough to describe the beauty of dance?”
“Finding the light when surrounded by dark; praying for hope when all seems lost; what is it that ignites the blaze of miracles but the spark of dance.”
“Experience the journey across countless worlds when the role of breath is taken by dancing steps.”
“Smiles bloom when you feel the summer breeze, the rush and pause of heartbeats, and the cool grass caressing dancing feet.”
“Elevate the dance, evolve with its stance, execute it with all that you feel within, each movement as though a synergy with heartbeats.”
“Release stress, be not tense, in movements of dance find healing for yourself.”
“We all need to be seen, appreciated, encouraged, validated, listened to. And whether or not we've been lucky enough to get that from other people when we needed it, we can be that person for others, which in a way allows us to be that person we needed for ourselves. When we share our time and creativity, our life and story become entwined with the lives and the stories we touch.”
“Sometimes the stronger we look from outside. The weaker we are from inside.”
“Lights can't please you if your heart is filled with darkness.”
“Human- A Peculiar animal, constantly in a race to prove something; which it’s not.”
“Sometimes we burden ourselves with the responsibility of making others happy.”
“We all are different and our journeys will be different too.”
“I don't write to praise or please anyone, but I write to express and communicate my thoughts to the universe.”
“The beauty of the quote is not to overthink it, but to compress your present thoughts into one line.”
“I'm just a medium of delivering the message. Because I am often inspired by the same inspiration that commands me to write these books.”
“To many of you, I may appear young. But my soul knows no bounds; both in the past, the present and the future.”
“Dance is the place that you visit to remove any anxiety while moving to your favorite melody.”
“Slow or fast, no matter how you dance, as long as each step narrates the emotions of the heart.”
“From young age to adulthood, love is all about seeking interest in your partner. Pure love only comes in old age, when all the fire of youth is extinguished.”
“My family approved all of my books, after that I didn't care what the world would whisper behind my back.”
“Money and wealth are the best things that keep us focused and grounded in the world. Otherwise, our thoughts would run wildly around the universe in search of spiritual rewards.”
“Money will be of no use to you if you still cannot turn it into great deeds.”
“My wealth is not in the number of books I have written, but in the number of hearts I have touched and the lives that have been transformed by hearing the peaceful messages.”
“Those who claim to know, or rely so much on knowledge, have blinded themselves to attaining wisdom in life.”
“When you stay too long in a place, you forget just how big and expanse the world is. You get no sense of the length of those longitudes and latitudes”
“Know this; in every life story there will come tough times, marking the end of a chapter and if you haven't gone through one, despite the fact you win or lose, then you might have not reached that end yet. So keep moving forward until you do while you quit worrying.”
“By following the teamwork of the bees, let us work at our assigned positions and never give up on them in times of difficulty; until the desired results are achieved.”
“Those who have drunk from the ocean of wisdom will rarely find true love in life.”
“It is only the poorly educated people who seek corruption as a means of survival in the state.”
“The Creator gave nature all known and unknown powers. Mother Nature, always benevolent and sometimes ruthless, nourishes us on a daily basis.”
“The wallet itself costs money before you start saving inside. It is the use and value of the things that matter most in life.”
“A feeling in every muscle of the body moves. Why does passion then want to roar? Spice up the moment and make dance your home.”
“Joy and heartbeats intertwine; questions and answers finally meet; when melodies touch the dancing feet.”
“Movements without unconditionality of love cannot reach the path of dance.”
“Only through absolute submission can the soul ascend through dance.”
“How generous is dance, it barters your moments of anguish and gifts you joy equal to lifetimes.”
“In moments of sorrow, sway, when searching for answers, sway, when broken is the heart, sway, and allow dance to take away all the pain.”
“All paths of love become one on the journey of dance.”
“The sensation of movement guides and heals, for there is no other medicine like a dance that magnifies what you feel.”
“What is dance but a dose of stability, for it restores the balance of calm and chaos beneath.”
“Why be shy, have no fear of the response, even if the audience does not applaud, dance your heart out.”
“Whether young or old, novice or pro, in the realm of dance all are equals.”
“What do we owe the people who grew us up, who first made up our entire world? It's complicated for the kids of immigrants. I'm not talking about the usual "my parents don't understand" thing. My parents believe in the power of choice, and they never asked me to sacrifice my dreams for theirs. Yet I feel like I should anyway. Where does this feeling come from? Is it just loyalty and strong family ties? Is it because, as part of a marginalized community, we all had to stick together to survive, and that sort of experience tends to become habit? Maybe it's about guilt. We are kids who benefited from the sacrifices our parents made when they decided to move to a richer, safer country. If we then grow up to grow apart, have we become ungrateful villains?”
“The scars and wounds will heal, and even fate will listen to intent when you move a few dancing steps.”
“Sense this feeling, one of rapture, one of healing, of peace to the mind, of light to the soul, as you dance.”
“Take a breath, take a stance, don’t rush forward or hold back, close your eyes, and let the mind relax. As anxious feet retreat to the cuddle of melodies, begin the journey of dance and the sacred path.”
“Wisdom is the torch of the present and the future, while knowledge will always shine a light on the past events.”
“Our lamps and torches produce artificial lights, but we don't dare to call them so because they have been proved to be useful in our daily basis.”
“It was the excitement of the light or the fear of the dark that prompted Thomas Edison to never give up bulb enhancement. Either way, he was right.”
“We live in the generation where unnecessary things appear great in front of the masses due to good promotion, while great works remain unknown and hidden from the public eye.”
“Even bad times are temporary.”
“Writing makes you relieve the moments. The happy ones and the sad ones too.”
“Truth hurts! Even then that's all that we always want to know.”
“Positive vibes radiate with every stride; moments of life become a magical storyline when you take the stance of dance”
“Every movement is a blend of fantasy with reality. Emptiness fills when into your world arrives dance.”
“It is dancing that gives you a reason to cross the divide of sadness towards smiles.”
“Dance zigzag or in a straight line; while taking a breath or remaining breathless, celebrate this moment with a step of life.”
“Night or day, who cares about the time? Feel the adrenaline rushing down the spine. Take a little chance, for it is the time to dance.”
“Moving to oriental or jazz while listening to drum beats or trance, take your own time and improvise. Wait not, now is the time to release the dancing vibes.”
“You have got to hold on; you have got to carry on; black skies shall clear, tribulations shall become hope, just by dancing to your favorite tune.”
“Beyond thorns are blooming meadows, beyond grief are smiles. Numb is the world, but why must you be? Anchor feet on the shore of melodies, in dance, all stress shall release.”
“It reaches everyone, everywhere. In every heart, in every soul; across oceans, terrains, tribes, and race. No matter your age, or the time or place, in dance, everyone finds their home.”
“To know dance is to understand life; it overwhelms you; it moves you. When you embrace it with all your entirety, worlds move beneath your feet.”
“Be like the sun, fuel this dance with warmth. Lock your feet to the beat; step after step, so many steps, excitement spreading beneath, connecting you to a higher entity.”
“To experience heaven on earth, all it takes is one dance. No matter what, take the chance, move forward, freedom will finally be within grasp.”
“That which allows the flow of winds, to its rhythm descends the rain, starts yet lasts beyond melodies play. It is a dance of heartbeats, it is a dance of countless journeys. It is a dance of life's spiritual escape.”
“In stature arise those whose spirit moves to the melody, even the flow of time pauses for a glimpse when combine dance and life’s mysteries.”
“Footsteps find a reason to exist as they imitate the winds, moving with the intensity of a hurricane when arrives the blessing of dance.”
“Waste not a second of the day, who knows if this moment will return, count each blessing of time when you dance the dance of life.”
“A risk taker doesn't seek comfort or security first. Daring must become your motto if you want to take risks in life.”
“For limited minds, it seems like we only live once. But who knows what the future holds after the so-called death?”
“Your reading style will reveal your inner nature. The hesitant always turn the page to see what they missed on first reading, while the confident and focused minds have no time to waste.”
