“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Don't Just Don't just learn, experience. Don't just read, absorb. Don't just change, transform. Don't just relate, advocate. Don't just promise, prove. Don't just criticize, encourage. Don't just think, ponder. Don't just take, give. Don't just see, feel. Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen. Don't just talk, act. Don't just tell, show. Don't just exist, live.”
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”
“The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.”
“We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning  Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”
“Only the dead have seen the end of war.”
“If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.”
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”
“We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.”
“The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.”
“Instructions for living a life. Pay attention. Be astonished. Tell about it.”
“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”
“And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”
“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”
“Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”
“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
“This is an important lesson to remember when you're having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can't feel real joy unless you've felt heartache. You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can't know what it's like to feel holy until you know what it's like to feel really fucking evil. And you can't be birthed again until you've died.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“I've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. At first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. The next day you want more. You're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.You think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. But then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. Now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. If he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. And just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love."- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“[H]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“You've got to get obsessed and stay obsessed.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
“You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
“Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue).”
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“There were people who went to sleep last night, poor and rich and white and black, but they will never wake again. And those dead folks would give anything at all for just five minutes of this weather or ten minutes of plowing. So you watch yourself about complaining. What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You Be Free Share.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.”
“I don't care what you say to me. I care what you share with me.”
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”
“First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered  . Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not. Consider none your superior whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly, or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Certain things in life simply have to be experienced -and never explained. Love is such a thing.”
“You don't have to disrespect and insult others simply to hold your own ground. If you do, that shows how shaky your own position is.”
“How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“If you love deeply, you're going to get hurt badly. But it's still worth it.”
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
“Then I discovered that being related is no guarantee of love!”
“Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps”
“You must never behave as if your life belongs to a man. Do you hear me?” Aunty Ifeka said. “Your life belongs to you and you alone.”
“I don't think anyone ever gets over anything in life; they merely get used to it.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“Always be fearless. Walk like lion, talk like pigeons, live like elephants and love like an infant child.”
“Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you.”
“I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble”
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”
“Most things are forgotten over time. Even the war itself, the life-and-death struggle people went through is now like something from the distant past. We’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about everyday, too many new things we have to learn. But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.”
“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
“He who becomes the slave of habit, who follows the same routes every day, who never changes pace, who does not risk and change the color of his clothes, who does not speak and does not experience, dies slowly. He or she who shuns passion, who prefers black on white, dotting ones "it’s" rather than a bundle of emotions, the kind that make your eyes glimmer, that turn a yawn into a smile, that make the heart pound in the face of mistakes and feelings, dies slowly. He or she who does not turn things topsy-turvy, who is unhappy at work, who does not risk certainty for uncertainty, to thus follow a dream, those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives, die slowly. He who does not travel, who does not read, who does not listen to music, who does not find grace in himself, she who does not find grace in herself, dies slowly. He who slowly destroys his own self-esteem, who does not allow himself to be helped, who spends days on end complaining about his own bad luck, about the rain that never stops, dies slowly. He or she who abandon a project before starting it, who fail to ask questions on subjects he doesn't know, he or she who don't reply when they are asked something they do know, die slowly. Let's try and avoid death in small doses, reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing. Only a burning patience will lead to the attainment of a splendid happiness.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”
“No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing. Even the most evil of men and women, if you understand their hearts, had some generous act that redeems them, at least a little, from their sins.”
“You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“That’s the thing about a human life-there’s no control group, no way to ever know how any of us would have turned out if any variables had been changed.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name. 2. Express sincere gratitude. 3. Do more listening than talking. 4. Talk more about them than about you. 5. Be authentically interested. 6. Be sincere in your praise. 7. Show you care.”
“Help someone, you earn a friend. Help someone too much, you make an enemy.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life.”
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
“Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“Give out what you most want to come back.”
“Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun.”
“لكن دعني أخبرك بشيء مهم ,لا تقض حياتك بإنتظار أن تنتهي الفترة كذا و الفترة كذا .. أن تنتهي فترة الدراسة .. أن تنتهي فترة التجنيد الإجباري .. أن تنتهي فترة انتدابك في كينيا .. إلخ لسوف تجد أن حياتك صارت مجموعة من الفترات يجب أن تنتهي و هوب! تكتشف أنك بلغت نهاية العمر ولما تنعم بحياتك يوما واحدا .. يجب أن تستمتع بكل فترة كأنها هي الصورة الوحيدة النهائية لحياتك ..”
“That's the thing about lessons, you always learn them when you don't expect them or want them.”
“Curiosity is the lust of the mind.”
“Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”
“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”
“The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson.”
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.”
“I've learned  . That being kind is more important than being right.”
“You think you know someone. But mostly you just know what you want to know.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“Don’t be intimidated by other people’s opinions. Only mediocrity is sure of itself, so take risks and do what you really want to do.”
“There's no need to wait for the bad things and bullshit to be over. Change now. Love now. Live now. Don't wait for people to give you permission to live, because they won't.”
“Most important thing in life is learning how to fall.”
“The splendid thing about falling apart silently  is that you can start over as many times as you like.”
“Fear's useless. Either something bad happens or it doesn't: If it doesn't, you've wasted time being afraid, and if it does, you've wasted time that you could have spent sharpening your weapons.”
“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”
“Never assume that the person you are dealing with is weaker or less important than you are. Some people are slow to take offense, which may make you misjudge the thickness of their skin, and fail to worry about insulting them. But should you offend their honor and their pride, they will overwhelm you with a violence that seems sudden and extreme given their slowness to anger. If you want to turn people down, it is best to do so politely and respectfully, even if you feel their request is impudent or their offer ridiculous.”
“The energy of the mind is the essence of life.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”
“You know the saying: he who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it. And when it's repeated, the stakes are doubled.”
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“I'm not a body with a soul, I'm a soul that has a visible part called the body.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”
“Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.”
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“You take people, you put them on a journey, you give them peril, you find out who they really are.”
“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”
“Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.”
“To suffer without complaint is the only lesson we have to learn in this life”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“Things are what they are, and whatever will be, will be.”
“Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself.”
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Don't bite off more than you can chew because nobody looks attractive spitting it back out.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.”
“You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Never apologize for how you feel. No one can control how they feel. The sun doesn’t apologize for being the sun. The rain doesn’t say sorry for falling. Feelings just are”
“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
“There came a time when you realized that moving on was pointless. That you took yourself with you wherever you went.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won’t either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“My dear, In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love. In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile. In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm. I realized, through it all, that… In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back. Truly yours, Albert Camus” I like this because only one part is usually quoted but the full quote has such symmetry.”
“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”
“Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, ‘I like you. You make me happy. I am glad to see you.’ That is why dogs make such a hit. They are so glad to see us that they almost jump out of their skins. So, naturally, we are glad to see them.”
“هذه رسالة لكاتب مكسيسي اسمه "جوني ولش" كتبها على لسان دمية لماركيز سنة 1999 وقت أن كان ماركيز يصارع السرطان "لو شاء الله.. أن يهبني شيئا من حياة أخرى فسوف أستثمرها بكل قواي. ربما لن أقول كل ما أفكر به لكنى حتما سأفكر في كل ما سأقوله. سأمنح الأشياء قيمتها، لا لما تمثله، بل لما تعنيه. سأنام قليلا، وأحلم كثيرا، مدركا أن كل لحظة نغلق فيها أعيننا تعنى خسارة ستين ثانية من النور. سأسير فيما يتوقف الآخرون، وسأصحو فيما الكل نيام.. لو شاء ربى أن يهبني حياة أخرى، فسأرتدي ملابس بسيطة وأستلقي على الأرض، لا عاري الجسد فحسب، وإنما عاري الروح أيضا. سأبرهن للناس كم يخطئون عندما يعتقدون أنهم لن يكونوا عشاقا متى شاخوا، دون أن يدروا أنهم يشيخون إذا توقفوا عن العشق. وتابع يقول: "للطفل سأعطى الأجنحة، لكنى سأدعه يتعلم التحليق وحده، وللكهول سأعلمهم أن الموت لا يأتي مع الشيخوخة بل بفعل النسيان، لقد تعلمت منكم الكثير أيها البشر.. تعلمت أن الجميع يريد العيش في قمة الجبل غير مدركين أن سر السعادة تكمن في تسلقه. تعلمت أن المولود الجديد حين يشد على إصبع أبيه للمرة الأولى فذلك يعنى أنه أمسك بها إلى الأبد. تعلمت أن الإنسان يحق له أن ينظر من فوق إلى الآخر، فقط حين يجب أن يساعده على الوقوف، تعلمت منكم أشياء كثيرة! لكن قلة منها ستفيدني، لأنها عندما ستوضع في حقيبتي أكون أودع الحياة. قل دائما ما تشعر به وأفعل ما تفكر فيه.. لو كنت أعرف أنها المرة الأخيرة التي أراك فيها نائمة، لضممتك بقوة بين ذراعي ولتضرعت إلى الله أن يجعلني حارسا لروحك. لو كنت أعرف أنها الدقائق الأخيرة التي أراك فيها، لقلت "أحبك"، ولتجاهلت - بخجل - أنك تعرفين ذلك. واستطرد: "هناك دوما غدا، والحياة تمنحنا الفرصة لنفعل الأفضل، لكن لو أنى مخطئ وهذا هو يومي الأخير، أحب أن أقول كم أحبك، وأنني لن أنساك أبدا. لأن الغد ليس مضمونا، لا للشاب ولا للعجوز. ربما تكون في هذا اليوم المرة الأخيرة التي ترى فيها أولئك الذين تحبهم. فلا تنتظر أكثر، تصرف اليوم لأن الغد قد لا يأتي، ولابد أن تندم على اليوم الذي لم تجد فيه الوقت من أجل ابتسامة أو عناق أو قبلة أو أنك كنت مشغولا كي ترسل لهم أمنية أخيرة. حافظ بقربك على من تحب، اهمس في أذنهم بأنك بحاجة إليهم، أحببهم واهتم بهم، وخذ ما يكفى من الوقت لتقول لهم عبارات مثل: أفهمك، سامحني، من فضلك، شكرا، وكل كلمات الحب التي تعرفها. لن يتذكرك أحد من أجل ما تضمر من أفكار، فأطلب من الرب القوة والحكمة للتعبير عنها. وبرهن لأصدقائك ولأحبائك كم هم مهمون لديك".”
“Your fear is 100% dependent on you for its survival.”
“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”
“You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.”
“You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.”
“Everything you want in life is a relationship away.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“Time management is about life management.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“Emotion without reason lets people walk all over you; reason without emotion is a mask for cruelty.”
“Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out.”
“You can’t make someone feel good about themselves until you feel good about yourself.”
“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”
“As long as the world is turning and spinning, we're gonna be dizzy and we're gonna make mistakes.”
“If you want to be a doormat you have to lay yourself down first.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.”
“Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”
“karapatan kong madapa at bumangon sa buhay nang walang tatawa, magagalit, magtatanong, o magbibilang kung ilang beses na 'kong nagkamali at ilang ulit ako dapat bumawi”
“Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.”
“Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”
“Lightning makes no sound until it strikes.”
“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
“Learning After some time, you learn the subtle difference between holding a hand and imprisoning a soul; You learn that love does not equal sex, and that company does not equal security, and you start to learn…. That kisses are not contracts and gifts are not promises, and you start to accept defeat with the head up high and open eyes, and you learn to build all roads on today, because the terrain of tomorrow is too insecure for plans… and the future has its own way of falling apart in half. And you learn that if it’s too much even the warmth of the sun can burn. So you plant your own garden and embellish your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring flowers to you. And you learn that you can actually bear hardship, that you are actually strong, and you are actually worthy, and you learn and learn…and so every day. Over time you learn that being with someone because they offer you a good future, means that sooner or later you’ll want to return to your past. Over time you comprehend that only who is capable of loving you with your flaws, with no intention of changing you can bring you all happiness. Over time you learn that if you are with a person only to accompany your own solitude, irremediably you’ll end up wishing not to see them again. Over time you learn that real friends are few and whoever doesn’t fight for them, sooner or later, will find himself surrounded only with false friendships. Over time you learn that words spoken in moments of anger continue hurting throughout a lifetime. Over time you learn that everyone can apologize, but forgiveness is an attribute solely of great souls. Over time you comprehend that if you have hurt a friend harshly it is very likely that your friendship will never be the same. Over time you realize that despite being happy with your friends, you cry for those you let go. Over time you realize that every experience lived, with each person, is unrepeatable. Over time you realize that whoever humiliates or scorns another human being, sooner or later will suffer the same humiliations or scorn in tenfold. Over time you learn to build your roads on today, because the path of tomorrow doesn’t exist. Over time you comprehend that rushing things or forcing them to happen causes the finale to be different form expected. Over time you realize that in fact the best was not the future, but the moment you were living just that instant. Over time you will see that even when you are happy with those around you, you’ll yearn for those who walked away. Over time you will learn to forgive or ask for forgiveness, say you love, say you miss, say you need, say you want to be friends, since before a grave, it will no longer make sense. But unfortunately, only over time…”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“You see, doing one thing differently is very often the same as doing everything differently.”
“It is quite a revelation to discover that the place you wanted to escape to is the exact same place you escaped from. That the prison wasn't the place, but the perspective.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.”
“Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“First find out what you are capable of, then decide who you are.”
“Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Dance above the surface of the world. Let your thoughts lift you into creativity that is not hampered by opinion.”
“I believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes. If you worry, the bad thing doesn't hit you as hard. You can roll with the punch if you see it coming.”
“the scary part is that people don't realize how much they've changed .”
“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”
“Just because things hadn't gone the way I had planned didn't necessarily mean they had gone wrong.”
“Sometimes the only way to ever find yourself is to get completely lost.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“Safety, stability--it's an illusion. It's a false god, Simon. It's like clinging to a sinking raft instead of learning to swim.”
“Not forever does the bulbul sing In balmy shades of bowers, Not forever lasts the spring Nor ever blossom the flowers. Not forever reigneth joy, Sets the sun on days of bliss, Friendships not forever last, They know not life, who know not this.”
“There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside.”
“Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED.”
“Accepting the facts is always tough, so we search for forgiveness to this universe everyday to break the shackles, hurt is a prison and I from a very young young age refused to be held prisoner or even conform.”
“You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Nothing in this world happens by chance.”
“Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“It's hard at times, but it makes a kid strong in ways that most people can't understand. Teaches them that even though people are left behind, new ones will inevitable take their place; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer. It makes a kid grow up fast.”
“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”
“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”
“Mind is a flexible mirror, adjust it, to see a better world.”
“You must live life with the full knowledge that your actions will remain. We are creatures of consequence.”
“If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won.”
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
“What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so.”
“When they killed him, Mother wouldn't hold her peace, so they slit her throat. I was stupid then, being only nine, and I fought to save them both. But the thorns held me tight. I've learned to appreciate thorns since. The thorns taught me the game. They let me understand what all those grim and serious men who've fought the Hundred War have yet to learn. You can only win the game when you understand that it IS a game. Let a man play chess, and tell him that every pawn is his friend. Let him think both bishops holy. Let him remember happy days in the shadows of his castles. Let him love his queen. Watch him loose them all.”
“It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right --especially when one is right.”
“Know who you are, and be it. Know what you want, and go out and get it!”
“Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope”
“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it. If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less. You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here. Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”
“There was only one guy in the whole Bible Jesus ever personally promised a place with him in Paradise. Not Peter, not Paul, not any of those guys. He was a convicted thief, being executed. So don't knock the guys on death row. Maybe they know something you don't.”
“Where'd the days go, when all we did was play? And the stress that we were under wasn't stress at all just a run and a jump into a harmless fall”
“I don't think that anything happens by coincidence  No one is here by accident  Everyone who crosses our path has a message for us. Otherwise they would have taken another path, or left earlier or later. The fact that these people are here means that they are here for some reason" ”
“Discipline yourself and others won't need to.”
“In breaking away from the familiar and the expected, you'll be forced and privileged to face greater challenges, learn harder lessons, and really get to know yourself.”
“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom”
“I don't forgive him," I said. "Hell, no, you don't. And why should you? So he can feel better? Get on with his life? And what's he done to help you get on with yours?”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“ fool me once, shame on me…fool me twice…I deserved to get fucked over.”
“Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike.”
“ I started to realize how many great things could happen by confronting the things that scare you most.”
“What I have learned so far had been an incredible journey and adventure. I remained in my own character even when I was not well liked. I now enter a room looking for people I may like rather than for those who will like me. There are people who change their demeanor between regular people and professional people. Just try to be who you are consistently and let those closest to you see your best, along with those you work with. People around you should not be the cause of change in your personal character.”
“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”
“The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.”
“Which is the true nightmare, the horrific dream that you have in your sleep or the dissatisfied reality that awaits you when you awake?”
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
“If someone told me that I could live my life again free of depression provided I was willing to give up the gifts depression has given me--the depth of awareness, the expanded consciousness, the increased sensitivity, the awareness of limitation, the tenderness of love, the meaning of friendship, the apreciation of life, the joy of a passionate heart--I would say, 'This is a Faustian bargain! Give me my depressions. Let the darkness descend. But do not take away the gifts that depression, with the help of some unseen hand, has dredged up from the deep ocean of my soul and strewn along the shores of my life. I can endure darkness if I must; but I cannot lie without these gifts. I cannot live without my soul.' (p. 188)”
“I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”
“When you leave home to follow your dreams, your road will probably be riddled with potholes, not always paved in happy Technicolor bricks. You'll probably be kicked to the ground 150 million times and told you're nuts by friends and strangers alike. As you progress you may feel lonely or terrified for your physical and emotional safety. You may overestimate your own capabilities or fail to live up to them, and you'll surely fall flat on your face once in a while.”
“What could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it”
“( )normalcy is an illusion. Each person is utterly unique. A standard of normalcy is something that most people of the world simply will never access.”
“We make messes of our lives, but every now and then, we manage to do something that's exactly right. The challenge is figuring out which is which.”
“Love changes things; hope allows us to endure until the change arrives.”
“One day can change your life. One day can ruin your life. All life is is three or four big days that change everything.”
“Never knew what a friendship was, Never knew how to really love, You can't be what I need you to, & I don't know why I fuck with you”
“A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”
“I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.”
“There is a season for wildness and a season for settledness, and this is neither. This season is about becoming. Don't lose yourself at happy hour, but don't lose yourself on the corporate ladder, either.”
“You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”
“Give the People what they want - and they'll get what they deserve.”
“There's no solution to life, there's going to be problems no matter what.”
“But life, if nothing else, had taught her promises weren't always to be counted on, and what appeared at first a shining chance might end in bitter disappointment.”
“We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“The person may have a scar, but it also means they have a story”
“The person who hurt you--who raped you or killed your family--is also here. If you are still angry at that person, if you haven't been able to forgive, you are chained to him. Everyone could feel the emotional truth of that: When someone offends you and you haven't let go, every time you see him, you grow breathless or your heart skips a beat. If the trauma was really severe, you dream of revenge. Above you, is the Mountain of Peace and Prosperity where we all want to go. But when you try to climb that hill, the person you haven't forgiven weighs you down. It's a personal choice whether or not to let go. No one can tell you how long to mourn a death or rage over a rape. But you can't move forward until you break that chain.”
“Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.”
“After Bajju delivered a few beaming salutations, we walked northward up the makeshift, winding path through protruding brush, not much but a few stones placed here and there for balance and leverage upon ascending or descending. Having advanced about hundred steps from the street below, a sharp left leads to Bajju’s property, which begins with his family’s miniature garden – at the time any signs of fertility were mangled by dried roots which flailed like wheat straw, but within the day Bajju’s children vehemently delivered blows with miniature hoes in preparation for transforming such a plot into a no-longer-neglected vegetable garden. A few steps through the produce, or preferably circumventing all of it by taking a few extra steps around the perimeter, leads to the sky-blue painted home. Twisting left, hundreds of miles of rolling hills and the occasional home peeps out, bound below by demarcated farming steppes. If you’re lucky on a clear day and twist to the right, the monstrous, perpetually snow-capped Chaukhamba mountain monopolizes the distance just fifteen miles toward the direction of Tibet in the north.”
“Do not dwell upon the sins and mistakes of yesterday so exclusively as to have no energy and mind left for living rightly today, and do not think that the sins of yesterday can prevent you from living purely today.”
“The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.”
“The children seek to resolve the issue amongst themselves, and mete out punishment to restore balance and keep the game going.”
“I welcome questions. I hate assumptions.”
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”
“Things don't always work out the way we hope. You just have to pick yourself up and find a new direction to go in.”
“The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference. Don't allow the phone to interrupt important moments. It's there for your convenience, not the callers. Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river. Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't major in minor things. Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. Don't spread yourself too thin. Learn to say no politely and quickly. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Don't waste time grieving over past mistakes Learn from them and move on. Every person needs to have their moment in the sun, when they raise their arms in victory, knowing that on this day, at his hour, they were at their very best. Get your priorities straight. No one ever said on his death bed, 'Gee, if I'd only spent more time at the office'. Give people a second chance, but not a third. Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying peace, health and love. Learn to listen. Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly. Leave everything a little better than you found it. Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation. Loosen up. Relax. Except for rare life and death matters, nothing is as important as it first seems. Never cut what can be untied. Never overestimate your power to change others. Never underestimate your power to change yourself. Remember that overnight success usually takes about fifteen years. Remember that winners do what losers don't want to do. Seek opportunity, not security. A boat in harbor is safe, but in time its bottom will rot out. Spend less time worrying who's right, more time deciding what's right. Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. The importance of winning is not what we get from it, but what we become because of it. When facing a difficult task, act as though it's impossible to fail.”
“Even seasonal situations can bring with them lessons that last a lifetime. If the love doesn’t last, it prepares you for the one that will.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“The people you are closest to tend to be able to hurt you the most - that is why heartbreak is so hard to deal with, why death is so painful, and why fights can destroy things that matter.”
“During times of war, hatred becomes quite respectable, even though it has to masquerade often under the guise of patriotism.”
“He had waited five years and bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths - so that he could 'come over' some afternoon to a stranger's garden.”
“You win a few, you lose a few. Some get rained out. But you got to dress for all of them.”
“Be bold. But not bold, be fucking bold.”
“,the rest of the girls pretended not to notice. That's just what best friends do.”
“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”
“Despite the business and auto-rickshaws and bantering Bengalis just beyond his brown front door, Sanjit cultivates a distinct learning environment and energy, one created and galvanized above the tile floors, within the thin walls, below the imperative ceiling fans, and embraced by books.”
“I believe that half the trouble in the world comes from people asking 'What have I achieved?' rather than 'What have I enjoyed?' I've been writing about a subject I love as long as I can remember--horses and the people associated with them, anyplace, anywhere, anytime. I couldn't be happier knowing that young people are reading my books. But even more important to me is that I've enjoyed so much the writing of them.”
“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
“We proceeded to make way across the mighty Hooghly River, a monstrous offshoot of the Ganges, where we contemplated for a moment, our thoughts seemingly caught in the roaring southward current; there we gazed, toward where the city transitions into mangrove jungle, and somewhere a bit further to the southwest where all the rivers split infinitely like capillaries, where those famous Bengal tigers trod among the sunderbans. Peering in that direction, Bajju gripped the vertical bars just above the horizontal pedestrian railing, breathing slowly and silently, knees locked, still, despite being on arguably the busiest and loudest bridge in the world.”
“The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.”
“Of course, I couldn’t explain this vector calculus concept and so, slightly embarrassed in front of Rahul and the other Bengali students, I told Sanjit just that; he had cornered me, and honesty emerged as my only option. Simultaneous to my humiliating disclosure of the truth, Sanjit gradually inched toward where I was sitting. After hearing my reply, he slowly returned to his teacher stool and whiteboard, his back turned away from the class, the suspense building and his words impending, before turning around and breaking into speech, “Don’t trust your interior monologue. If you are asked something and you know it, then express or demonstrate it. Don’t just nod or say yes because then you are lying to yourself. Any ass can say yes, but not all asses can express it.” I modified my first impression: Sanjit was full of explicit aphorisms. Humbled, those words encouragingly rang between my ears for quite some time.”
“Water is to India as blood is to the body, with the many rivers functioning as arteries – the Ganges being the aorta – and the monsoon timelessly arriving as a much-needed annual blood transfusion.”
“But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Intelligent life on other planets? I'm not even sure there is on earth!”
“Necessity is the mother of invention.”
“The wishbone will never replace the backbone”
“A man can live on his wits and his balls for only so long.”
“I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Wherever I was, I was happy. At peace. I knew that everyone I cared about was all right. I knew it. Time didn't mean anything, nothing had form but I was still me, you know? And I was warm and I was loved and I was finished. Complete. I don't understand about theology or dimensions, or any of it, really but I think I was in heaven. And now I'm not. I was torn out of there. Pulled out by my friends. Everything here is hard, and bright, and violent. Everything I feel, everything I touch this is hell. Just getting through the next moment, and the one after that knowing what I've lost ”
“Don’t complain, don’t explain.”
“We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.”
“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”
“Children, Never look Back!" and this meant that we must never allow the future to be weighed down by memory . for children have no past, and that is the whole secret of the magical innocence of their smiles.”
“Complex question can only be solved by patience.”
“If I had learned anything in my life about love, it was that they were tenous things that could end at any moment. Caution was essential-but not at the cost of risking your life”
“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”
“The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.”
“Still, he figured, sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do, and then sometimes you've just got to run like hell after it's done.”
“If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.”
“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world  ”
“I always laugh at the term 'Cinderella story', because, if you ask me, it doesn't matter what life you're living, life never has a solution. No matter how hard the struggles are that you leave behind, new struggles always take their place.”
“When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do? . . . Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.”
“Treat people as an end, and never as a means to an end”
“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”
“ don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”
“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”
“Every time you see someone's bright-and-shiny, remember: They have their own crappy truths too. Of course they do. And every time you see your own crappy truth and feel despair and think, 'Is this my life?', remember: It's not. Everyone's got a bright-and-shiny, even if it's hard to find sometimes.”
“Our bodies were printed as blank pages to be filled with the ink of our hearts”
“The place of true healing is a fierce place. It's a giant place. it's a place of monstrous beauty and endless dark and glimmering light.”
“Page 142: "When a spouse says to the alcoholic, "you need to go to AA," that is obviously not true. The addict feels no need to do that at all, and isn't. But when she says, "I am moving out and will be open to getting back together when you are getting treatment for your addiction," then all of a sudden the addict feels "I need to get some help or I am going to lose my marriage." The need has been transferred. It is the same with any kind of problematic behavior of a person who is not taking feedback and ownership. The need and drive to do something about it must be transferred to that person, and that is done through having consequences that finally make him feel the pain instead of others. When he feels the pain, he will feel the need to change A plan that has hope is one that limits your exposure to the foolish person's issues and forces him to feel the consequences of his performance so that he might have hope of waking up and changing.”
“Waiting. Like it or not, it's a skill all spies have to master eventually.”
“To me who dreamed so much as a child, who made a dreamworld in which I was the heroine of an unending story, the lives of people around me continued to have a certain storybook quality. I learned something which has stood me in good stead many times — The most important thing in any relationship is not what you get but what you give.”
“There is no wealth but life.”
“I learned a world from each / one whom I loved”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“Make yourself able enough to not depend on anyone else.”
“Let your life reflect the faith you have in God. Fear nothing and pray about everything. Be strong, trust God's word, and trust the process.”
“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
“Build yourself up to stand out and be recognized in a crowd.”
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”
“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“How to win in life: 1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.”
“Life gives you lots of chances to screw up which means you have just as many chances to get it right.”
“Those who are made can be unmade.”
“Life will pass right by you,” she says, her eyes focused on the road. “And you end up missing the little things, the moments you don’t think matter—but they do. Moments that make you forget about everything else. Just like with your writing,” she adds out of nowhere. “You don’t write to get to the end. You write because you enjoy doing it. You write and don’t want it to end. Does that make some sense?”
“Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.”
“The right thing to do is so easy to see when you're seventeen years old and don't have to make any big decisions. When you know that no matter what you do, someone will take care of you and fix everything. But when you're grown up, the world is not that black and white, and the right thing doesn't a tidy little arrow pointing to it.”
“This was my first lesson about gambling: if you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating. Later on in life, if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation, I would watch very closely.”
“Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.”
“I didn't give up, I walked away I had enough of accepting actions that were less than I deserved. So  I made a concious choice To honour myself, Before complementing another & If that's what; has made you undeniably mad, Than I know, the history of our connection is hidden in the truth of your heart and regardless of your outcome, I have made the right choice for me.”
“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
“I’ll detach myself from the crowd if it hinders my growth, I’ll fall from the tree that won’t let me grow.”
“He lay back, put his arm over his eyes, and tried to hold onto the anger, because the anger made him feel brave. A brave man could think. A coward couldn't.”
“If reality is not what you want it to be, change it.”
“زندگی میں انسان کو ایک عادت ضرور سیکھ لینی چاہیے جو چیز ہاتھ سے نکل جائے اسے بھول جانے کی عادت. یہ عادت بہت سی تکلیفوں سے بچا دیتی ہے.”
“I knew Dad was concerned about my past associations. I was from the Trash Alley. It was my community. I hung out with thugs from the Frog Bottom, the Burns Bottoms, the Red Line, the S-Curve, the Sandfield, the Morning Side, and a bunch of other places that shall remain nameless. I knew all of the “Legends of the Hood”: Sin Man, Swap, Boo Boo, Emp-Man, Cookie Man, Shank, Polar Bear, Bae Willy, Bae Bruh, Skullhead Ned, Pimp, Crunch, and Goat Turd (just to name a few). I thought maybe Dad had summoned me as a “show and tell” for the kids in his neighborhood—the hardliner to scare those wayward suburban brats back into reality.”
“It's not over until you win”
“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”
“The teacher pulled out a pile of papers. They were Bennie’s tests and homework assignments. Mrs. Lewis said, “Ma’am, here is the proof that Bennie isn’t up to a fourth grade level. He has an F on several of these assignments. In fact, a zero grade is too high for some of Bennie’s work this last year.”
“Live the moment. Cherish the present. Anticipate the future. Frame the yesteryear”
“  I discovered life sometimes has a way of giving you what you need, but not in the form you expect.”
“Too many people miss out on real love because they're too busy waiting for the ONE to show up”
“Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.”
“Never mistrust, unless given a reason.”
“Look at the stars. See their beauty. And in that beauty, see yourself.”
“Men are like roses. You have to watch out for the pricks.”
“Enjoy every bit of your life to the fullest. Your compromises and sacrifices will be rewarded.”
“A woman's happiness is in throwing everything away to live for love.”
“How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.”
“Once a problem is solved, its simplicity is amazing.”
“I've decided to confront it. Confront whatever life throws at me, as I always have. However much I can feel, nothing more, nothing less.”
“The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.”
“Mourning is like virginity. You should give it to the one who deserves it most.”
“It is a huge danger to pretend that awful things do not happen. But you need enough hope to keep going. I am trying to make hope. Flowers grow out of darkness.”
“Embrace nothing: If you meet the Buddha, kill the Buddha. If you meet your father, kill your father. Only live your life as it is, Not bound to anything.”
“To all those who care, You can't forever. Time steals the years, And your reflection in the mirror. But I can still see the story in your eyes, And your timeless passion that’s never died. While your skin became tired, Your heart became strong, The present became the past, And your memories like a song. And though the moment at hand is all that we have, You’ve taught me to live it like it is our last. Since two words don't say ‘thank you’ the way they are meant to, I'll try all my life to be something like you.”
“I cry even harder, thinking of how it could have been, of how I thought it would be. For the first time, I want to give up, to die, because suddenly everything is too much and there is no solution in sight.”
“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
“At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.”
“The formula of life is simple. It is the formula of giving - giving courage, attention, peace, love and comfort to yourself and the society.”
“Every man hangs by a thread, any minute the abyss may open under his feet, and yet he must go and invent for himself all kinds of troubles and spoil his life.”
“You can't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbors. You know, eventually those snakes are going to turn on whoever has them in the backyard.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“The Law of Inertia states that a body in motion will remain in motion, and a body at rest will remain at rest. In life, nothing will happen when no one will make a move”
“Just because you know it [my past]  doesn't mean that my wounds are a weight you have to carry. ~Kurogane-san”
“I don't particularly believe all love is doomed. But I guess, one is usually kinda suffering from some aborted love affair or association, rather than being at the peak of one. I think it's fairly obvious that a lot more suffering goes on in the name of love than the little happiness you can squeeze out of it.”
“It just be life, that's all. Ain't nothin' happened to you, ain't happened to most women whether they care to admit it or not. You strong, Babygirl. You a woman. You gotta be.”
“Two or three times a year, set aside four days, away from work, family, and technology, to check in with yourself, gain perspective, daydream, and evaluate your life.”
“Leaving my father behind—with all of his baggage—was like giving up an old teddy bear. You know it’s just an object, incapable of comforting you with its tattered fur and missing button eye, but it’s something you cling to, even though you know it can’t give anything back.”
“It's a dangerous thing when you have love without faith and trust  No one wants to feel unsure when they give their heart away.”
“Just live well. Just live”
“Congratulations! Today is your day You're off to great places You're off and away You've got brains in your head You've got feet in your shoes You can steer yourself any Direction you choose You're on your own And you know what you know And you are the guy Who'll decide where you go Out there things can happen And frequently do To people as brainy And footsy as you And will you succeed? Yes you will indeed! (98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed) You're off to great places Today is your day Your mountain is waiting Go, get on your way!”
“My dearest friend Abigail, These probably could be the last words I write to you and I may not live long enough to see your response but I truly have lived long enough to live forever in the hearts of my friends. I thought a lot about what I should write to you. I thought of giving you blessings and wishes for things of great value to happen to you in future; I thought of appreciating you for being the way you are; I thought to give sweet and lovely compliments for everything about you; I thought to write something in praise of your poems and prose; and I thought of extending my gratitude for being one of the very few sincerest friends I have ever had. But that is what all friends do and they only qualify to remain as a part of the bunch of our loosely connected memories and that's not what I can choose to be, I cannot choose to be lost somewhere in your memories. So I thought of something through which I hope you will remember me for a very long time. I decided to share some part of my story, of what led me here, the part we both have had in common. A past, which changed us and our perception of the world. A past, which shaped our future into an unknown yet exciting opportunity to revisit the lost thoughts and to break free from the libido of our lost dreams. A past, which questioned our whole past. My dear, when the moment of my past struck me, in its highest demonised form, I felt dead, like a dead-man walking in flesh without a soul, who had no reason to live any more. I no longer saw any meaning of life but then I saw no reason to die as well. I travelled to far away lands, running away from friends, family and everyone else and I confined myself to my thoughts, to my feelings and to myself. Hours, days, weeks and months passed and I waited for a moment of magic to happen, a turn of destiny, but nothing happened, nothing ever happens. I waited and I counted each moment of it, thinking about every moment of my life, the good and the bad ones. I then saw how powerful yet weak, bright yet dark, beautiful yet ugly, joyous yet grievous; is a one single moment. One moment makes the difference. Just a one moment. Such appears to be the extreme and undisputed power of a single moment. We live in a world of appearance, Abigail, where the reality lies beyond the appearances, and this is also only what appears to be such powerful when in actuality it is not. I realised that the power of the moment is not in the moment itself. The power, actually, is in us. Every single one of us has the power to make and shape our own moments. It is us who by feeling joyful, celebrate for a moment of success; and it is also us who by feeling saddened, cry and mourn over our losses. I, with all my heart and mind, now embrace this power which lies within us. I wish life offers you more time to make use of this power. Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies. Take care! Love, Francis. Title: Letter to Abigail Scene: "Death-bed" Chapter: The Road To Awe”
“You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are.”
“Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.”
“Get away from these two types of people: the ones who think you can only go as far as the situation you were born into; and the ones who think you can only go as far as the current situation you are in.”
“Nothing fun in life is easy.”
“A veil hangs between the two opposites, a mere slip of a thing that is transparent to warn us or comfort us. You hate now but look through this veil and see the possibility of love; you're sad now but look through to the other side and see happiness. Absolute composure to a complete mess - it happens so quickly, all in the blink of an eye.”
“Miscommunication is endless.”
“When life brings you full circle, pay attention. There's a lesson there.”
“There is something incredibly beautiful about a woman, who knows herself, she can't break, she just falls but in every fall she rises, past who she was before.”
“Just because the boat rocks doesn't mean it's time to jump overboard.”
“Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, and scarce in that.”
“Let me tell you: the only way to get rid of dragons is to have one of your own.”
“You'll reach a comfort zone in your life and start to wonder how you got there, how did you miss the sign posts that directed your real inner truth? Don't feel so guilty, you know when your meant to know and I guess that's the thing they don't teach you; when growing up, pain is inevitable but staying the same is a choice. Don't question why your feeling ready for something new, question why you stayed the same for so long.”
“Where I will find peace other than in oblivion?”
“Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.”
“You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.”
“Out of nowhere, one of the twins grabbed my cap while the other delivered a blow to my head. She slapped the taste right out of my mouth. I couldn’t even feel my tongue. I spun around to face my bullies. The twins had become triplets. I couldn’t remember ever trying to drink three glasses of anything and this wouldn’t be the day to try.”
“You can't blame her,' said Amit. 'After a life so full of tragedy anyone would become hard.' 'What tragedy?' asked Mrs. Chatterji. 'Well, when she was four,' said Amit, 'her mother slapped her--it was quite traumatic--and then things went on in that vein. When she was twelve she came in second in an exam It hardens you.”
“You'll never experience the joy and tenderness of a lifelong love unless you fight for it.”
“One doesn't come to Italy for niceness, one comes for life!”
“But then it occured to him that any progress he had made on his quest so far he had made by accepting the help that had been offered to him.”
“Supongo que el mensaje cliché es “nunca te rindas”. Yo prefiero decir: “aprendé a convivir con tus sombras”. Y no más.”
“It seems impossible to live without hurting people.' 'That's because it is.' 'So why live at all?' 'Well, in fairness, dying hurts people too.”
“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.”
“كل منا ينقصه شيء.. كل منا يفتقد شخصا ما.. صفة ما .. حلما ما .. سيكمن اكتمالنا فقط عندما نعترف بما لدينا من نقصان”
“I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.”
“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
“Chasing a person doesn’t give you value or build values in you. You earn your value by chasing morality and practicing dignity.”
“Don't doubt yourself, that's what haters are for.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“I think you don't grow up until you stop worrying about other people's purposes or lack of them and find the purposes you believe in for yourself.”
“We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.”
“Would you not be happier if you tried to forget her severity, together with the passionate emotions it excited? Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs." - Helen Burns”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“It's just a feeling I have. What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real. My enemy is, among other things, the me inside me.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Get this in mind early: We never grow up.”
“Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime; time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain.”
“Before he knew he was immortal. Before life was no longer fragile. Those were the days when life truly meant something. When life was hard but worthwile, and love was valuable because your days were numbered. That was living.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.”
“Sometimes you're trying so hard to get your life together and still it's not enough, everything is falling apart. What to do, you're asking. Just keep going through hell for yourself, not for everyone else. Richer with that wisdom, I will build my happiness from nothing. I will rise from the dust. And I will do it on my own. I will live for myself and I won’t look at the others.”
“And there it was. He knew it, and I knew it. There was nothing left for me to do. Do you know how hard it is to say nothing ? When every atom of you strains to do the opposite? I just tried to be, tried to absorb the man I loved through osmosis, tried to imprint what I had left of him on myself. I did not speak ”
“Morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.”
“But,instead of what our imagination makes us suppose and which we worthless try to discover,life gives us something that we could hardly imagine.”
“be a good listener, don't judge and don't put boundaries on someone else's grief.”
“From the most insignificant of actions can come the most serious of consequences.”
“Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.”
“And even when they refuse to listen, I'll keep talking anyway, hoping on a slim chance that the things inside my head are worth something to someone.”
“There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.”
“Sometimes distance was easier than acting, or explaining.”
“No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!”
“A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl.”
“Well, it's a good life and a good world, all said and done, if you don't weaken.”
“My depression is cyclical. When feeling down, I must remember each episode has a beginning, middle, and end.”
“Speak with caution. Even if someone forgives harsh words you've spoken, they may be too hurt to ever forget them. Don't leave a legacy of pain and regret of things you never should have said.”
“Diyar-e-Ishq Mein Apna Maqam Paida Kar, Naya Zamana, Naye Subah-o-Sham Paida Kar; Khuda Agar Dil-e-Fitrat Shanas De Tujh Ko, Sakoot-e-Lala-o-Gul Se Kalaam Paida Kar; Mera Tareeq Ameeri Nahin, Faqeeri Hai, Khudi Na Baich, Ghareebi Mein Naam Paida Kar Build in love’s empire your hearth and your home; Build Time anew, a new dawn, a new eve! Your speech, if God give you the friendship of Nature, From the rose and tulip’s long silence weave The way of the hermit, not fortune, is mine; Sell not your soul! In a beggar’s rags shine.”
“Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”
“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality.”
“To protect themselves, the weak focus on the "bad" in people. Conversely, the strong, who fear little, focus on the "good".”
“And the memories of all we have loved stay and come back to us in the evening of our life. They are not dead but sleep, and it is well to gather a treasure of them.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Life has a tendency to provide a person with what they need in order to grow. Our beliefs, what we value in life, provide the roadmap for the type of life that we experience. A period of personal unhappiness reveals that our values are misplaced and we are on the wrong path. Unless a person changes their values and ideas, they will continue to experience discontentment.”
“Look not to the faults of others, nor to their omissions and commissions. But rather look to your own acts, to what you have done and left undone.”
“Because . . . most of us think that the point is something to do with work, or kids, or family, or whatever. But you don't have any of that. There's nothing between you and despair, and you don't seem a very desperate person.' 'Too stupid.' 'You're not stupid. So why don't you ever put your head in the oven?' 'I don't know. There's always a new Nirvana album to look forward to, or something happening in NYPD Blue to make you want to watch the next episode.' 'Exactly.' 'That's the point? NYPD Blue? Jesus.' It was worse than he thought. 'No, no. The point is you keep going. You want to. So all the things that make you want to are the point. I don't know if you even realize it, but on the quiet you don't think life's too bad. You love things. Telly. Music. Food.”
“Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.”
“Sometimes you meet people and know immediately that they were meant to be your friend.”
“If we keep going in a straight line we'll get out of here. Walking one foot in front of the other, in the same direction, will always get you further than running around in circles. It's about the determination to keep walking forward.”
“Take what comes and live life without complaint. What will be, will be. Life is a woman's gift; death is God's.”
“Hate is a terrible thing. It's a wasteful, stupid emotion. You can hate someone with all your heart, but it'll never do them a bit of harm. The only person it hurts is you. You can spend your days hating, letting it eat away at you, and the person you hate will go on living just the same. So, what's the point?”
“Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.”
“I don't think you ever realize how much you love something until you have to give it up.” ~Haley James Scott”
“If you're not scared, you're not brave.”
“ What if … what if … what if … I play the What If? game all the time. But it’s rigged, is the thing. Impossible to win. Asking What If? can only lead to Maybe Things Could Have Been Different , via Was It My Fault? ”
“We may indeed die here, that's true. But we will all die anyway-is there any denying that? When you think of all the possible ways you might go, this is as fine a place as any, isn't it? I mean, to end one's life surrounded by friends, in a comfortable, dry room with plenty to read  that doesn't sound too awful, does it?" "What is the advantage of fear, or the benefit of regret, or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, 'Life is only precious if you wish it to be.' I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal-do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience?" The monk looked around, but no one answered him. "If Maribor wishes for me to die, who am I to argue? After all, it is he who gave me life to begin with. Until he decides I am done, each day is a gift granted to me, and it would be wasted if spent poorly. Besides, for me, I've learned that the last bite is often the sweetest.”
“Everything in the existing world seemed strange to him; it was as if the world had been created for some brief, mocking game. But this game of make-believe had dragged on for a long time,for eternity, and nobody felt like laughing anymore.”
“I say if it's going to be done, let's do it. Let's not put it in the hands of fate. Let's not put it in the hands of someone who doesn't know me. I know me best. Then take a breath and go ahead.”
“Was it always to be like this? she wondered. A moment of joy followed by a new sorrow?”
“When you’re given an opportunity to change your life, be ready to do whatever it takes to make it happen. The world doesn’t give things, you take things. If you learn one thing from me, it should probably be that.”
“People aren't born social. Sure it comes easier to some people but most people, like you, need to work at it. Some more than others. You're just inexperienced.”
“It’s easy to think that as a result of the extinction of the dodo, we are now sadder and wiser, but there’s a lot of evidence to suggest that we are merely sadder and better informed.”
“The single most powerful element of youth is that you don't have the life experiences to know what can't be done.”
“Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.”
“They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs.”
“Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!”
“Ah, but I was so much older then I’m younger than that now”
“An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”
“True friends don't come with conditions.”
“Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.”
“That's one of the things we learn as we grow older -- how to forgive. It comes easier at forty than it did at twenty.”
“He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.”
“If you find yourself easily provoked, then just change the channel.”
“Don't ever live vicariously. This is your life. Live.”
“Lightning. Once it has forked, hot-white, from sky to earth, there is no going back”
“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise embrace the entity of yourself you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”
“I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”
“But that's life. That's what you learn from; when things happen. Especially at your age. You just have to take it in and remember to think afterwards and not forget and never grow bitter.”
“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”
“The problem with falling in love is falling back out of it again, usually because you've fallen in love with a lie. That happens as often as not.”
“There's no such thing as ready, there's only willing.”
“I'd spent so long trying to fit in,trying to be someone i wasn't,that i had no idea who i was any more.”
“That was when I first observed a phenomenon I now call the "New York Slide": you offer your words to try to communicate and connect with someone, but your words just hit a brick wall the person has erected to ward off human contact- the words slide down it and roll away.”
“Some times things just fall off your plate.”
“Life is just a lot of everyday adventures.”
“Believe me. No matter how bad things are today, they’ll be far better tomorrow. — Namiya General Store”
“If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn't make it so. Words and thoughts don’t change anything. Language and reality are kept strictly apart — reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn't care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn't. You deal with it, and you get on with your life.”
“Mereka tak punya kemampuan menghapus cinta dan birahi. Mereka hanya bisa mencoba berdamai dengan perasaan itu dalam diri masing-masing”
“When life hands you lemons say, "Lemons? What else have you got?" - bumper sticker”
“It does not take much to make us realize what fools we are, but the little it takes is long in coming.”
“One of the liabilities of being a deep thinker, Wyatt mused, was that it left him vulnerable to existential crises.”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“The truth is, my young lady, that fate has written the script for your destiny on your forehead from the very beginning. We can't see it. But it's there. And the young, who love so passionately, have no idea how ugly this world is .This world is without compassion.”
“There are no do-overs in life.”
“You may be safe, but I am free.' Take advantage of the freedom that comes with your youth. Inhale life, exhale fire, and embrace the late, sleepless nights, because that's when the magic happens- when everyone else is asleep and you're awake thinking about the world as it is, and the world as it would be. Make the most of those moments," I said forcefully. "And in the coming years people will tell you that you're too young to change the world. I'm here to tell you, that's fucking bullshit.”
“Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there”
“One of the hardest and truest things a grown-up learns is that sometimes it's not okay.”
“Avoid those who seek friends in order to maintain a certain social status or to open doors they would not otherwise be able to approach.”
“Only if you are possible, everything will be possible.”
“It's sometimes easier to help others rather than helping yourself. The trick is to listen to your "self" as a friend. This may be the simplest change you ever make in life, with the biggest impact.”
“Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.”
“Kita tidak perlu menjelaskan panjang lebar. Itu kehidupan kita. Tidak perlu siapa pun mengakuinya untuk dibilang hebat. Kitalah yang tahu persis setiap perjalanan hidup yang kita lakukan. Karena sebenarnya yang tahu persis kita bahagia atau tidak, tulus atau tidak, hanya kita sendiri. Kita tidak perlu menggapai seluruh catatan hebat menurut versi manusia sedunia. Kita hanya perlu merengkuh rasa damai dalam hati kita sendiri. Kita tidak perlu membuktikan apa pun kepada siapa pun bahwa kita itu baik. Buat apa? Sama sekali tidak perlu. Jangan merepotkan diri sendiri dengan penilaian orang lain. Karena toh, kalaupun orang lain menganggap kita demikian, pada akhirnya tetapi kita sendiri yang tahu persis apakah kita memang sebaik itu.”
“Life is choosing whom and what you love. Everything else follows.”
“Sometimes life takes hold of one, carries the body along, accomplishes one's history, and yet is not real, but leaves oneself as it were slurred over.”
“Sometimes it made her want to put her fist through glass; other times, it made her cry a river.”
“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
“it's good to have things done with when they don't work it's also good not to hate or even forget the person you've failed with.”
“There comes a time when something changes you  No matter the impact  Where the world no longer beats in time with you. You no longer feel amongst the fray.. And the feeling of loneliness is a brandished armor you wear the rest of your life.”
“Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.”
“You will never know what you are doing until and unless you have done it.”
“What others view as setbacks, Firestarters see as opportunities to learn and grow more.”
“The children were overwhelmingly morbid. Not a single adult asked me where butterflies go when they die, but this question was more popular than pixie sticks with the under-four-foot set. I cursed parents for not preparing their children. When I was five, my mother and sister sat me up on the kitchen counter and explained the facts of life: the Easter Bunny didn't exist, Elijah was God's invisible friend, with any luck Nana would die soon, and if I ever saw a unicorn, I should kill it or catch it for cash. I turned out okay.”
“Just to say 'I believe' or 'I do not doubt' does not mean that you understand and see. To force oneself to see and accept a thing without understanding is political and not spiritual or intellectual.”
“At the same time I know that it’s not really their fault, at least not completely. I did my part too. I did it on a hundred different days and in a thousand different ways, and I know it. But this makes the anger worse, not better.”
“If losing Sam had taught me anything, it was to seize life-seize everything it had to offer, including the tears, the anger and loss, but most of all, the laughter and the love. To just seize life. Because it was fleeting and it was fickle, and no one, not me or anyone I knew, had another day, let alone another second promised to them.”
“Just because you don’t like peanut butter doesn’t necessarily mean you can’t like . . . peanuts.”
“I cannot tell you what it is that guides us in this life; but for me, I fell toward the Chairman just as a stone must fall toward the earth. When I cut my lip and met Mr. Tanaka, when my mother died and I was cruelly sold, it was all like a stream that falls over rocky cliffs before it can reach the ocean. Even now that he is gone I have him still, in the richness of my memories.”
“And having once chosen, never to seek to return to the crossroads of that decision-for even if one chooses wrongly, the choice cannot be unmade.”
“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
“She had always thought applying to college would be exciting. Living away from home, meeting so many new people, Learning new things, making a few poor life desicisons .”
“Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.”
“If life is a journey, It can take you anywhere you wanna go.”
“Life is not notable for its overabundance of certainty.”
“Marianne touches his elbow, halting him. 'You know I'll tell you something about being married five times. Or married five times and still friends with my surviving ex-husbands'. She counts them on gnarled fingers. 'That would be three'. He waits. 'It teaches you damn all about love.' Paul begins to smile, but she hasn't finished. Her grip on his arm is surprisingly strong. 'What it does teach you, Mr McCafferty, is that there's a whole lot more to life than winning.”
“Listen, everyone, you all have your own circumstances. Some of you come from rich families,and some poor. But your value isn't determined by such things--by things beyond your control. Each one of you must discover your own worth through your own efforts. So  don't make the mistake of thinking you alone are special.”
“We all go through hard times in life. It’s a part of being alive and it's the reality we all have to deal with. There are times we forget our value as a person because we are so blinded with these thoughts of loneliness, emptiness and ego. Somewhere along the road we become numbed with all the frustrations and dissatisfaction. But life itself isn't always about darkness and sadness, Life is also filled with colors and that makes it beautiful. Along this path of darkness there's always light waiting to be seen by our daunted hearts. Our heart is gifted to see this light. It may be hiding behind those circumstances that we encounter; in a stranger we just met at an unexpected place; a family who has been always there but you just ignored because of your imperfect relationship with them; it might be a long time friend you have or a friend you just met. Open your heart and you will see how blessed you are to have them all in your life. Sometimes they are the light that shines your path in some dark phases of life. Don't lose hope”
“This is the legend of Cassius Clay, The most beautiful fighter in the world today. He talks a great deal, and brags indeed-y, of a muscular punch that's incredibly speed-y. The fistic world was dull and weary, But with a champ like Liston, things had to be dreary. Then someone with color and someone with dash, Brought fight fans are runnin' with Cash. This brash young boxer is something to see And the heavyweight championship is his des-tin-y. This kid fights great; he’s got speed and endurance, But if you sign to fight him, increase your insurance. This kid's got a left; this kid's got a right, If he hit you once, you're asleep for the night. And as you lie on the floor while the ref counts ten, You’ll pray that you won’t have to fight me again. For I am the man this poem’s about, The next champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt. This I predict and I know the score, I’ll be champ of the world in ’64. When I say three, they’ll go in the third, 10 months ago So don’t bet against me, I’m a man of my word. He is the greatest! Yes! I am the man this poem’s about, I’ll be champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt. Here I predict Mr. Liston’s dismemberment, I’ll hit him so hard; he’ll wonder where October and November went. When I say two, there’s never a third, Standin against me is completely absurd. When Cassius says a mouse can outrun a horse, Don’t ask how; put your money where your mouse is! I AM THE GREATEST!”
“If experience is the best teacher, there's nothing that comes close to the experience of life.”
“If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community where you live  and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities”
“Not being excited is to have missed the whole point of life.”
“Your current circumstances are part of your redemption story He is writing.”
“Things can be cleaned and replaced. Great moments cannot afford to be lost.”
“We ourselve are the authors of almost all our woes and griefs, of which we so unreasonably complain.”
“Cung said, “I have researched Vietnamese People fleeing to the land of the Uc da Loi! On the 26th of April 1976, the first boat carrying Vietnamese refugees arrived in Darwin. (Uc da Loi means Big Red Rat. The Vietnamese People named Australians as such because of the red kangaroo painted on the sides of Australian military vehicles. They did not know what a kangaroo was and so, they thought it was a rat. Hence the name of Uc da Loi.) (A Gracious Enemy & After the War Volume Two)”
“Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.”
“Some fish love to swim upstream. Some people love to overcome challenges.”
“Some things need to be left unsaid.”
“You get towards the end of life—no, not life itself, but of something else: the end of any likelihood of change in that life. You are allowed a long moment of pause, time enough to ask the question: what else have I done wrong?”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“Goals want to realize themselves.”
“Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it.”
“Life is not measured by time. It is measured by moments.”
“When you're down, remember your triumphs. [ ] Sometimes you get in trouble and crash. Other times: just a bumpy landing.”
“Whether we like it or not, modern ways are going to alter and in part destroy traditional customs and values.”
“In the life of everyone there is a limited number of experiences which are not written upon the memory, but stamped there with a die; and in the long years after, they can be called up in detail, and every emotion that was stirred by them can be lived through anew; these are the tragedies of life.”
“How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.”
“Hukum karma pasti berlaku, Boi," kata Paman dengan serius. "Maka jangan kau nakal dan jahat, ya. Nanti kau kena hukum karma." Aku mengangguk angguk dengan takzim. Kusimpan benar pelajaran itu.”
“Life has a meaning but do not set out to find out. Just live it out.”
“Don't fret my dear. If art is translation of the ephemeral into observable form, then always remember that it is the translationn that is the craft. The craft is that which can always be improved. But the ephemeral is that which only you have been able to observe, and that which only you have chosen to translate, and so in a way, the ephemeral is you, and it is already beautiful.”
“so many people would be afraid to look in the mirror if the saw their character and not their face…it would be like american horror story.”
“I suppose in the end the whole of life becomes an act of letting go. But what always hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.”
“The Devils have walked with me across many regions.”
“I am, after all, an adult, a grown man, a useful human being, even though I lost the career that made me all these things. I won't make that mistake again.”
“By being yourself, you fulfill your destiny. It’s your unique gifts, thoughts, and ideas that the world needs. No one else can give them to the world because they’re yours. Be yourself and bask in the power derived from self-realization.”
“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can get.”
“Worry is the darkroom in which negatives can develop.”
“That is life, isn’t it? Fate. Luck. Chance. A long series of what-if’s that lead from one moment to the next, time never pausing for you to catch your breath, to make sense of the cards that have been handed to you. And all you can do is play your cards and hope for the best, because in the end, it all comes back to those three basics. Fate. Luck. Chance.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“We have no future because our present is too volatile. We have only risk management. The spinning of the given moment's scenarios. Pattern recognition.”
“A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.”
“Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.”
“But while my inner voice was clearly telling me I was at my core an entrepreneur, it's inconvenient to decide at twenty-three that you can't really work for other people.”
“الصديقان النموذجيان كما زوج من القنافذ,يتعاطفان,و يتعاونان و يتلازمان,و لكن لا يذوبان فى يعضهما لأن كل واحد له درقة من الأشواك تحميه من أن يقتحم عليه الاّخر خصوصيته و سريته و ينتهك وحدانية نفسه و قدسية استقلاله.”
“What I think is not necessarily, what I feel and what I feel is not necessarily, what I think.”
“If you see the dragon fly, best you drink the flagon dry.” —Zarost”
“Having the right to happiness means having the right to earn it, not having it given to you without effort and action on your part.”
“He thought of her often, and he missed the companionship they'd once shared and the friendship that had been the bedrock of their marriage at its best.”
“Not knowing is not a problem, not wondering is.”
“The stitch ripper is your friend. Be one with the stitch ripper ”
“Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully.”
“فقد الحيرة يفقدنا المساواة والمساواة تفقدنا العدالة و غياب العدالة يؤدي الى السقوط الأخلاقي و تغليب القوة.”
“This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too  This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.”
“( )best of luck, avoid roasted cabbage, don't eat earwax, and look on the bright side of life!”
“Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.”
“You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.”
“The planet is here for our delight, but it is also here for us to change, to make it the best it can be. It's not just about sleeping and fucking and getting the right dress. Let's HOPE not.”
“Happiness comes from solving problems. [ ] Happiness is a constant work-in-progress. The solutions to today's problems will lay the foundation for tomorrow's problems.”
“You can’t really yell at your boyfriend for stealing your seat and your best friend. You also can’t yell at your best friend for stealing your boyfriend. Or you can…but Hi seemed like a much easier way to start the morning.”
“Humanity is a cage, and our puritanical sensibilities comprise the bars. We are confined by our own reason and intellect, and yet most of us don't even know it.”
“The past is called the past for a reason. If you are constantly looking behind you, your eyes aren't on the road ahead. You don't drive the car that way, so why should you live your life that way?”
“The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.”
“Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up.”
“Nah," I said. "But if it does, just tell him I said to get back on the bike." "What?" "He'll understand.”
“أتحدى أن يفهم أي كان روحانيات الإسلام ، ولا يحبه . إنه دين رائع قائم على الأخوة والتفاني”
“That golden pin ball of a hare must be fresh dead! Thirty eight rabbits, seven squirrels, and one kitty cat D.O.A--MEEEEOOOWWW! Bippity bop-bop-bop bippity boo! I’m not no swineherd, my flocks a dead zoo! Won’t crunch on no crumpets, I slurp bacon stew! Ain’t dyin’ in one life, “my brothaaaa”, I’m livin’ two! Yo! Everything melts like grilled cheese in the grease of Old Blue! Old Blue! Old Blue! Everything melts like grilled cheese in the grease of Old Blue!” The Old Blue the character raps of…is money.”
“Every relationship that has hit a crossroads has asked, “What is it that you want from me?”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“Master, go on, and I will follow thee To the last gasp with truth and loyalty.”
“To be calm and compassionate you need courage and conviction.”
“The secret to your purpose is to find what you feel is important, and not pursue what others would think is important. When you think highly of yourself, me thinking highly of you will never be enough!”
“Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.”
“Kepasrahan - penyerahan secara ikhlas - adalah sesuatu yang wajar. Bukan kalah. Bukan mengalah.”
“The thing about knowing you’re broken is that knowing is not enough to fix it.”
“they say life goes on long after the thrill of living”
“t may not be the life you imagined, but it’s your life. You came here for a reason. Is it time for you to go and begin again?”
“Life does not belong to you. It is the apartment you rent. Love without fear, for love is an airplane that carries you to new lands. There is a universe in silence. A tunnel to peace in a scream. Get a good night's sleep. Laugh when you can. You are more magical than you know. Take your advice from the elderly and children. None of it as crucial as you think, but that makes it no less vital. Our lives go on, and on. Look for the breadcrumbs.”
“Poverty has its advantages. When you're that poor what would you have that anyone would want? Except your peace of mind. Your dignity. Your heart. The important things.”
“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”
“Most people don't want to die, but they don't want to live either. I am speaking about men now as much as women. They look for a third way, but there is no third way.”
“Life and death- what paltry words, what tarnished bookends,what unjust summation for drawing breath one moment and failing to release it the next.”
“When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem. Robert Greene rephrase: When you meet a swordsman, draw your sword. Do not recite poetry to one who is not a poet.”
“Journey becomes difficult when we know the destination but not aware of the right path, may be the supreme power testing your moral and physical stamina.”
“being born a princess is all right, but behaving like one can be dangerous.”
“Well, I agree that 'trial and error' is a pretty pessimistic name for it. And maybe that's what it is most of the time. But I think the point is that it's not just try-error. Most of the time, it's try-error-try.”
“They all walk their own paths, live their own lives. A journey without farewells, a beginning without end. It is a little lonely, but that's how it is”
“When you get to a certain age you find that other people’s opinions don’t really matter anymore, and you get kind of uncomfortable with your place in modern life.”
“You could say that life just happens and it's the way it goes, you either accept it or you fight it  Or You can be one of the few that rises above this perception and fights in all their glory to create the life they want, regardless of the struggle. Who do you want to be? Someone to remember or someone easy to forget ”
“Under certain circumstances the fateful decisions in life, sometimes even in matters of life and death, are made with an almost indifferent ease. While the little things-for instance, the way people hang on to what is over-seem so important.”
“some things are better off back in the past. Where they belong.”
“Life - a meaningless thing, draped in some moments, that can be given any title or definition.”
“I might say that we have paid for freedom. But I have had enough melodrama in this life, and would willingly give my five senses if they could ensure us our present peace and security. Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind of course we have on moments of depression; but there are other moments too, when time, unmeasured by the clock, runs on into eternity.”
“I’m speaking of the pursuit of excellence in all things. All things! Presence of mind and devotion to craft. A great artist has these. A great chef. A great master of tea. There’s powerful kung fu in a well-built house or an eloquent letter, but the limit of your imagination is bones breaking and bullets flying.”
“Judge Fowler knew Clara was not long for the world--it was the manner of how she seized everything that gave her away. Clara was vibrant in youth, beautiful and radiant upon her wedding night beyond compare! But death cannot be masked from those who can see the outline of its features scribbled in the margins of another’s being.”
“The male rabbits began chattering their teeth against another’s, filling the room with a spastic, scratching sound, similar to a full shift of skate blades on a puck chase, cutting fresh ice. “An animal on a farm has no worth if it isn’t useful. I earned my right to survive--I’m named!”
“Romantics. This book does contain some romantic ideas, and romantic situations that are of the heart, nothing that is in anyway X rated, not even R. But definitely a bit of romance.”
“Your dignity can be mocked, abused, compromised, toyed with, lowered and even badmouthed, but it can never be taken from you. You have the power today to reset your boundaries, restore your image, start fresh with renewed values and rebuild what has happened to you in the past.”
“I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. If we don’t vibrate on the same frequency there’s just no reason for us to waste our time. I’d rather have no one and wait for substance than to not feel someone and fake the funk.”
“Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.”
“To find a mountain path all by oneself gives a greater feeling of strength than to take a path that is shown.”
“For it is up to you and me to take solace in nostalgia's arms and our ability to create the everlasting from fleeting moments.”
“You carry/All the ingredients/To turn your life into a nightmare--/Don't mix them!”
“Finding the right work is like discovering your own soul in the world.”
“It's a thrill to fulfill your own childhood dreams, but as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others is even more fun.”
“An empress does not concern herself with the antics of fools”
“We're not making mistakes. We're making experiences.”
“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
“Trovo la televisione molto educativa. Ogni volta che qualcuno la accende, vado in biblioteca e leggo un buon libro.”
“Bringing to light what had been hidden in darkness should not overwhelm you, but EDUCATE you.”
“Take time daily to reflect on how much you have. It may not be all that you want but remember someone somewhere is dreaming to have what you have.”
“I'd always thought I would feel like an animal released from its cage when my student days were finished, I felt more like a bird that had been pushed from its nest and told it must fly.”
“Why did this keep happening? Why her? Perhaps there was some pheromone certain people omitted, perceivable only on a wavelength unique to those individuals who preyed on them.”
“What will remain is neither you nor me but what we shared among each others.”
“Introspective souls are often tormented by their passionate visions. This is because visionaries see what shall be and wake up to what is. However, if you couldn't see a glimpse of the city lights while stranded in the forest, how would you ever know to walk in that direction? Sometimes, your vision can't be put into action, until you gather the learning experiences, along your journey first.”
“She looked back as well as she could; but it was all confusion. She had taken up the idea, she supposed and made everything bend to it.”
“Don't be afraid to make mistakes. But if you do, make new ones. Life is too short to make the wrong choice twice.”
“Sometimes in life, a sudden situation, a moment in time, alters your whole life, forever changes the road ahead.”
“Love isn't something to be given on whim, or shelved when it isn't convenient. Love is gift, a promise, and a belief in another person. If you treat it as such, it will fulfill you always”
“ sometimes what you go looking for isn't as important as what you leave behind.”
“Jawaban terbaik pada penghina dan pencela kehormatan: “Yang kaukatakan tadi sebenarnya adalah pujian; sebab aslinya diriku lebih mengerikan.”
“Give your all to every experience, feel it breathe it appreciate it, nothing lasts forever, when it's gone you'll remember the feeling it once gave you and sometimes that's enough.”
“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”
“In what world To live? What love To give? Is it worthy? Or will it break My heart? Everyone Seems to be Secretly evil And to try To disguise The truth With lies; It’s disappointing But still I see Something different In you; I find hope And I fall In love”
“He wanted to leave the past a few hundred miles down the road, shake it off like dust. But that ws the problem with the past. It kept finding him.”
“Perhaps Clarence’s knowledge of the enormous day-to-day expense of the war machine was too much for a man who’s own father had insisted, “Never to waste salt on a radish!”
“When the golden rabbit had safely emerged out of the forbidden passage, he pondered the direction back to his lair. “How can it be I don’t live where I used to live anymore? How can that be? Alright then….alright. What a strange dream…I feel as though I’ve been eaves dropping in tempo…but not in time!” The hare hopped off, humming passages from Miles Davis’ “Kind of Blue”.”
“Without struggle, success has no value.”
“What it taught me was forgiveness. It taught me that when people present themselves in a certain way, there's probably some back story or issue or reason for the way that they are. It's not you. It's them. And a lot of times, its about something that's completely out of their control”
“Our eyes tell us what we want to believe, but our heart tells us only the simple truth”
“You ever have the feeling you were in the wrong place? That if you could just get over the next hill, cross the next river, look down into the next valley, it'd all fit. Be right." "All my life, more of less" “All your life spent getting ready for the next thing. I climbed a lot of hills now. I crossed a lot of rivers. Crossed the sea even, left everything I knew and came to Styria. But there I was, waiting for me at the docks when I got off the boat, same man, same life. Next valley ain’t no different from this one. No better anyway. Reckon I’ve learned … just to stick in the place I’m at. Just to be the man I am.”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that wil carry him into places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”
“I won't cry because it came to an end, but I will smile because it happened”
“You don't have to be a doctor to know when a relationship is not healthy.”
“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”
“If I were to live for tomorrow, I would have lived fullest for today.”
“But some climbs you have to make alone.”
“Listen to the whispers or soon you will be listening to the screams.”
“My great longing is to learn to make those very incorrectnesses, those deviations, remodellings, changes of reality, so that they may become, yes, untruth if you like - but more true than the literal truth.”
“If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”
“The ultimate measure of a person is not her mistakes or accomplishments, but what she does with them.”
“Patrick: Is fear rith maith nά drochseasamh. Jessica:And that means what? Patrick: A good run is better than a bad stand. Jessica: Oh. And that means what? Patrick: It means, Jessica, that life is about choices. Sometimes you fight, sometimes you flee, but you never surrender.”
“Some people are like that - always searching fro something better, never satisfied.,Makes you wonder if they ever get a good night's sleep. They must toss and turn, dreaming about a softer mattress or a plumper pillow.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs. There is no such thing as a linear life. But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“I don’t care if people say that I am staying hungry and foolish.”
“The most valuable lessons in life do not come when you are walking or running. They come when you fall down. You better take them and rise up!”
“We know how it ends practically before it starts. That´s why stories appeal to us. They give us the clarity and simplicity our real lives lack".”
“All I'm saying is that there is more to life than the main story. Check out the notes in the margins because maybe they're even more important.”
“Pah! I wave my cuff at hindsight as if it were a bothersome fly. Life can only be lived forwards, Ulysses. All that matters is what you do now.”
“Robert again faced the sky. “That is a children’s dream, Marian. We are old enough that we must think of realities.” “The reality is that I have no place, excepting I carve out one alone.”
“One of the advantages to getting older, though: while you might not change all that much, you at least got to know yourself. The real you, minus the bullshit and wishful thinking.”
“ماجدوى العقل إذا يارتشارد باركر , ؟ أوظيفته الوحيدة تدبير الأمور العملية فحسب ؟ تأمين الطعام والثياب والمأوى لماذا لا يقدم العقل أجوبة أكبر ؟ ولماذا الأسئلة التي نطرحها تفوق الأجوبة دائماً لماذا الشبكة كبيرة إذا كانت الأسماك قليلة إلى هذا الحد ؟”
“Failure to shed tears is a failure to live life fully. And the one thing that life requires of us all is to live it. Never be embarrassed by your ability to be alive.”
“Search of truth is actually a search of strength to handle the truth.”
“Mijo, bad news does not get better with time, it will always be found out. The quicker you bring the bad news to others’ attention the better, even if you are the guilty party, the better for all.”
“That was how she had felt most of her life. Caught in the middle. Struggling, flailing, just trying to survive while not knowing which way to go. Which path to commit to without regret.”
“There is nothing like a crisis to define who you are.”
“Depression exist without you knowing it, even denying it. It is not an illusion. You don't even know you're in it. It takes awhile before you realize it. If you deny it, it means your still in there or else you won't talk about your misery and the dramas in your life.”
“They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor.”
“The soul that acquires the virtue of forgiveness won't find any more trouble. No matter what happens, he will know how to run his life  ”
“The strongest, toughest men all have compassion. They're not heartless and cold. You have to be man enough to have compassion - to care about people and about your children" (217) - John Singleton "Oh Man, I've Become My Father”
“[Poem: Slates of Grey] Sullen faces like slates of grey— What I’d seen on a walk today. Bodies rushing bodies bolting Time for life a disregarding. Money to make and to grow old What about the hands to hold? Deadlines, projects, people to meet What about our own two feet. Sullen faces like slates of grey  What I’d see most anyday.”
“Fights begin and end with handshakes.”
“Además no es tan malo vivir solo. Yo la paso bien, decidiendo a cada instante lo que quiero hacer, y gracias a la soledad me conozco; algo fundamental para vivir”
“Life is just mirrors and misunderstandings.”
“Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“When life gives you lemons, forget the lemonade. Make a lemon chicken and a rich lemon cheesecake. Blame life for the extra pounds.”
“Try to be "good", you'll be judged. Try to be yourself, you'll be criticized. Therefore, choose the second option. Evil uses the "nice good people" as puppets. It appears dressed as a poor guy, telling them that he needs help When these people realize they have been used, it is already too late.”
“Life is a web of intersections and choices. Your 1st choice is to recognize an intersection. Your 2nd choice is to be grateful for it.”
“You move forward. You face up to your challenges. You don't retreat. You're young, and sometimes you'll wish you could. But don't.”
“LOOK AROUND. GAME DEAD, RIVERS BLACK, LAND CHOKED WITH WEED. SKIES BLEEDING, RED AS BLOOD. FOR WHAT? YOUR KIND ARE BLIND. YOU SEE ONLY THE NOW. NEVER THE WILL BE. BUT SOON YOU WILL. WHEN ALL IS GONE, WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MONKEY-CHILDREN THAT YOU MURDER FOR A SCRAP OF LAND, A DROP OF CLEAN WATER, THEN YOU WILL SEE.”
“Words are like eggs dropped from great heights. You can't ever put the pieces back together after they hit home.”
“Think about it. Every time you fail at a task you've actually learned something new. The question is "what?”
“We get so caught up in the life we are leading and forget that we are capable of living. Caring for Eleanor by Sonia Rumzi”
“Here's one of the things I learned that morning: if you cross a line and nothing happens, the line loses meaning. It's like that old riddle about a tree falling in a forest, and whether it makes a sound if there's no one around to hear it. You keep drawing a line farther and farther away, crossing it every time. That's how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth.”
“The Christmas after Mom & Dad split up, they both went crazy buying us presents. Matt, Jonny, and I were showered with gifts at home and at Dads apartment. I thought that was great. I was all in favor of my love being paid for with presents. This year all I got was a diary and a secondhand watch. Okay, I know this is corny, but this really is what Christmas is all about.”
“Love and be loved. Settle for no less. Ask for no more.”
“Be strong enough to say this to yourself -Sins were mine, and so shall I have to pay for it”
“Sweet talk's like salt. You can add some later, if need be, but if you pour out too much, you can't sift it out again.”
“In contravention of my belief that any life ending in death is essentially pointless, I needed my friends to open up that plastic bag and take one last look at me. Someone had to remember me, if only for a few more minutes in the vast silent waiting room of time.”
“You are what you settle for. You are only as much as you settle for”
“I need to be willing to play the game. I need to be willing to put myself out there, and be vulnerable, and take chances, even though I might lose.”
“And that's that as you get older, you lose things, things you don't necessarily want to lose.”
“Its not about what we take with us when we die, Its about what we leave behind.”
“If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.”
“Some things better left unspoken”
“When we have faith and discipline everything becomes easier. Patience is the mother of all virtues. With anxiety all our lives become worse.”
“To be alive, it seemed to me, as I stood there in all kinds of sorrow, was to be both original and reflection, and to be dead was to be split off, to be reflection alone.”
“You can't learn everything you need to know legally.”
“When you win, you often lose, that's just a fact. There's no currency to straighten a warped spirit, or open a closed heart, a selfish heart ”
“Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”
“Allowances can always be made for your friends to disagree with you. Disagreement, vehement disagreement, is healthy. Debate is impossible without it. Evil does not question itself, only hope questions itself. Even the incorruptible are corruptible if they cannot accept the possibility of being mistaken. Infallibility is a sin in any man. All laws can be broken and are. Often. Like when a bumblebee flies or an ancient regime is toppled.”
“Things are always given to us when we need them  You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make it yours. (Acheron)”
“قد لا ينقذ من يطلب العدل العالم,و لكنه ينقذ نفسه.”
“Relationships are never static. They have to evolve over time as the individuals in them change.”
“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”
“But circumstances change. Small causes lead to large effects. New paths are added. And all anyone can do . . . is choose.”
“There are so many people put there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me.”
“Tears do not replace sweat, at least it never did in me  When I just cry, I'm in the same situation.”
“We need to get rid of hate, envy, jealousy, discord in ourselves, so we can reach a solution in terms of peace in order to feel that time has come for human happiness.”
“So it is that there is nothing to be taught, but yet there is something to be learned.”
“It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”
“You just can't go back and expect your mind to be blown by the same thing every time. Life doesn't work that way.”
“When you don't understand something, you label it and condemn it" (94) - Danny Glover, "The Fundamental Things”
“I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.”
“We need no language to laugh”
“In other words, it was a struggle with himself. And the product of that struggle: anger, bitterness, resentment, envy or transformation, aspiration, hope, decency..the product of that struggle is the quality of your life and the nature of your soul.”
“At an age when most children are playing hopscotch or with their dolls,you, poor child, who had no friends or toys, you toyed with dreams of murder, because that is a game to play alone.”
“1. Do what you say you're gonna do 2. Show up! 3. Give genuine praise whenever you can 4. Never say sorry when you don't mean it 5. Never use sarcasm in email (and use the corny ass emoticons)”
“All life's training is just exactly what is needed for the true Life-work, still out of view but far away from none of us. Don't grudge me the learning of a new lesson.”
“Totul se plateste.Inclusiv iluziile.”
“There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.”
“When the chips are down, you are given the chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that’s how you roll.”
“Another summer day has come and gone away in Paris and Rome, but I wanna go home " Home-Alan Chang; Amy Foster-Gillies; Michael Buble”
“As the manager sits before a performance, as the critics wait like hungry dogs to rip apart the performance, they all become entwined in the theatrics of it all.”
“The moment you put someone on a pedestal they will look down upon you. The trick is respecting each other equally.”
“The years, the months, the days, and the hours have flown by my open window. Here and there an incident, a towering moment, a naked memory, an etched countenance, a whisper in the dark, a golden glow these and much more are the woven fabric of the time I have lived.”
“To say nothing is saying something. You must denounce things you are against or one might believe that you support things you really do not.”
“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”
“Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.”
“As you go on with your life, always remember the things that are good in you. They're your gifts. As long as you have these things, you'll find happiness, and you'll make the people around you happy.”
“I was a new person then, I knew things I had not known before, I knew things that you can know only if you have been through what I had just been through.”
“Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.”
“… "That at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what´s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That´s the world´s greatest lie." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“You think your past defines you, and worse, you think that it is an unchangeable reality, when really, your perception of it changes as you do. Because experience is always multi-dimensional, there are a variety of memories, experiences, feelings, “gists” you can choose to recall…and what you choose is indicative of your present state of mind. So many people get caught up in allowing the past to define them or haunt them simply because they have not evolved to the place of seeing how the past did not prevent them from achieving the life they want, it facilitated it. This doesn’t mean to disregard or gloss over painful or traumatic events, but simply to be able to recall them with acceptance and to be able to place them in the storyline of your personal evolution.”
“An attentive reader will always learn more, and more quickly, from good authors than from life.”
“Judge not, lest you be judged.”
“In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.”
“We appreciate most that which we have lived without.”
“Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again”
“Sometimes life requires more of you than you have to give & demands you plunge into the reinvention of yourself if you truly wanna live.”
“Life is a manifestation of the unified field of consciousness. Colors, beauty, pleasure and pain are its songs of creation.”
“You wish you could’ve learned to play piano. You wish you could’ve started drawing when you were young. You wish you could’ve figured out who you wanted to be before you graduated college. You wish you could’ve learned to love yourself sooner. Well you know what? You didn’t. And that’s just something you’re going to have to learn to deal with. But just because you didn’t do it sooner, doesn’t mean you can’t start now.”
“People so often loose sight of the magic in life once they understand how it works.”
“Your spirit lives on in your work. YOU decide what manner of work that will be.”
“Observe the behavior of the butterfly, and chase no one, for they will only elude you.”
“Sometimes it’s the complication, which just lies in our minds”
“In the South American rainforest, there is a tribe called the Desana, who see the world as a fixed quantity of energy that flows between all creatures. Every birth must therefore engender a death, and every death brings forth another birth. This way, the energy of the world remains complete. When they hunt for food, the Desana know the animals they kill will leave a hole in the spiritual well. But that hole will be filled, they believe, by the Desana hunters when they die. Were there no men dying, there would be no birds or fish being born. I like this idea. Morrie likes it, too. The closer he gets to goodbye, the more he seems to feel we are all creatures in the same forest. What we take, we must replenish. "It's only fair," he says.”
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.”
“প্রতি সন্ধ্যেবেলা আমার বুকের মধ্যে হাওয়া ঘুরে ওঠে, হৃদয়কে অবহেলা করে রক্ত; আমি মানুষের পায়ের কাছে কুকুর হয়ে বসে থাকি-তার ভেতরের কুকুরটাকে দেখবো বলে”
“When your whole foundation fractured well past the point of repair, all you could do was glue the pathetic, jagged shards of your life back together and try not to bleed on them.”
“هناك أشياء لا يمكن الجدل فيها، والعلاقة بين رجل وامرأة أحدها. لا يمكنك، مهما أوتيت من منطق أو عقل، أن تفهم علاقة رجل بامرأة ما لم تكن أنت هذا الرجل أو هذه المرأة. فكيف أحكم عليه أو أنصحه؟ ولِمَ؟ رواية باب الخروج”
“Learn to forgive yourself and to forgive others.”
“Life's full of chances to hurt yourself or someone else [ ] In the next few days, you'll have more chances to hurt yourself than most men get in a lifetime. It's learning things and doing things right that make it worthwhile, make a man easy with himself. When I was young, nobody could tell me anything. I knew it all. It took a lot of mistakes to teach me that I didn't know goose shit from tapioca.”
“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”
“Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.”
“In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.”
“Maybe God created the desert so that man could appreciate the date trees”
“Inside me there was everything I had believed was outside. There was, in particular, the sun, light, and all colors. There were even the shapes of objects and the distance between objects. Everything was there and movement as well… Light is an element that we carry inside us and which can grow there with as much abundance, variety, and intensity as it can outside of us…I could light myself…that is, I could create a light inside of me so alive, so large, and so near that my eyes, my physical eyes, or what remained of them, vibrated, almost to the point of hurting… God is there under a form that has the good luck to be neither religious, not intellectual, nor sentimental, but quite simply alive.”
“No one can take the shot for you.”
“¡Si nuestra amistad depende de cosas como el espacio y el tiempo, entonces, cuando por fin superemos el espacio y el tiempo, habremos destruido nuestra propia hermandad! Pero supera el espacio, y nos quedará sólo un Aquí. Supera el tiempo, y nos quedará sólo un Ahora. Y entre el Aquí y el Ahora, ¿no crees que podremos volver a vernos un par de veces?”
“Jangan trauma dengan pengkhianatan masa silam. Jangan bimbang dengan pengkhinatan masa akan datang. Tetapi binalah cita-cita besar yang mampu ’meremehkan’ semua itu. Dengan cita-cita besar kita akan menjadi raja. Bukan raja untuk berbangga tetapi raja yang mempunyai keyakinan diri dan kemurnian reputasi. Biarlah anjing menyalak bukit. Bukit tidak akan runtuh. Begitulah orang yang menikam kita dari belakang… kerana dia hakikatnya lemah penakut dan tidak punya keyakinan diri untuk bertarung secara berdepan”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“Every little bit of peace I bring someone is worth the peace I never had.”
“The crack in your heart allows light in. ~ GOOD FORTUNE page 238”
“I'm not irreplaceable   I'm nothing but grass growing on the ground; when the grass dies, another one replaces it  ”
“Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.”
“I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.”
“I used to belong to a family unit, with a foster mom and dad and my little sister, Bean, but that's over and I don't want to talk about what happened , or how unfair it was. Not yet. The less said about that the better, because if there's one thing I learned from Ryter it's that you can't always be looking backward or something will hit you from the front.”
“Children pay little attention to their parents' teachings, but reproduce their characters faithfully”
“When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.”
“Одинок полет Светлячка в ночи. Но в небе - звезды. "В чем же смысл интуитивно возникшего во мне трехстишья? Человек - одинокий светлячок в бескрайнем мраке ночи. Свет его так слаб, что освещает лишь крошечный кусочек пространства, а вокруг лишь холод, тьма и страх. Но если отвести испуганный взгляд от находящейся внизу темной земли и посмотреть ввысь (всего-то и надо - повернуть голову!), то увидишь, что небо покрыто звездами. Они сияют ровным, ярким и вечным светом. Звезды - твои друзья, они помогут и не бросят в беде. А чуть позже ты понимаешь другое, не менее важное: светлячок - тоже звезда, такая же, как все остальные. Те, что в небе, тоже видят твой свет, и он помогает им вынести холод и мрак Вселенной. Наверное, моя жизнь не изменится. Я буду такой же, как прежде, - и суетный, и вздорный, и подверженный страстям. Но в глубине моей души будет жить достоверное знание. Оно спасет и поддержит меня в трудную минуту. Я больше не мелкая лужа, которую может расплескать по земле сильный порыв ветра. Я - океан, и буря, прокатившись всесокрушающим цунами по моей поверхности, не затронет сокровенных моих глубин.”
“In life, we go through unexpected challenges that arises in our journey in succeeding, do not let any negativity taint your life with any misleading directions. Let the rejoice of your journey be with you all times, with the power of your soul and heart can combat any obstacle with time and gradual patience”
“We would be allowed to work and not cause any trouble for her, but she didn't want us to be any more successful than she was”
“The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence”
“A heart assured of its purpose will have the honor to admit when it is wrong, the courage to examine the reason for its faith and the strength to recover from the pain of any wrong it has done. And it will possess the greatest power known to both God and man; the power to forgive “AND” most certainly forget. A heart such as this shall always have the voice to answer life.”
“Time remorselessly rambles down the corridors and streets of our lives. but it is not until autumn that most of us become aware that our tickets are stamped with a terminal destination.”
“She didn’t need hope anymore because she knew the things you wanted weren’t necessarily the things that you needed. She knew that the things that were meant to be just happened. You couldn’t control them like she once thought.”
“If you want to succeed in the world you must make your own opportunities as you go on. The man who waits for some seventh wave to toss him on dry land will find that the seventh wave is a long time a-coming. You can commit no greater folly than to sit by the road side until someone comes along and invites you to ride with him to wealth or influence”
“Given a choice between goose egg and heartache, I would choose heartache.”
“Finally (Evangeline) whispered, "I wish that I had been more prepared." "We prepare all of our lives for such moments," Dr. Raphael said, crossing his arms and looking at me with a critical gaze. "When the time comes, we can only expect that we have learned enough to succeed.”
“Seorang ibu akan selalu khawatir memikirkan anaknya, setiap hari selama hidupnya.”
“somehow people forget that there is God . what more to us we're just individuals,, to forget is part of imperfections..”
“Можно лежать на мосту и смотреть, как течет вода. Или бегать, или побродить по болоту в красных сапожках, или же свернуться клубочком и слушать, как дождь стучит по крыше. Быть счастливой очень легко.”
“You can't stop dreaming just because the night never seems to end.”
“Life is a dream. We wake up when we die”
“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”
“Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.”
“We create a meaningful life by what we accept as true and by what we create in the pursuit of truth, love, beauty, and adoration of nature.”
“I think one can tell a lot about a person from the way he chooses to let the stub of his cigarette burn out ”
“Just know I am Not there to catch you But I am there for you”
“One man gathers what another man spills”
“They hate you because you act like you're better than they are ." "[they are] Four that you humiliated in the yard. Four who are probably afraid of you. I’ve watched you fight. It’s not training with you. Put a good edge on your sword, and they’d be dead meat; you know it, I know it, they know it. You leave them nothing. You shame them. Does that make you proud?”
“How long had it had been since she'd thought back on the evenings around the fire, number games at the kitchen table, or listening to her father sing? Too long. Yes, there had been bad times. And she had tallied them like figures in a column, not remembering to factor in the good. She had doctored the books.”
“Don't just write a "To Do" list. Write a "To Be" list.”
“Do you know why he did what he did to you? Because he could.”
“Recovery is hard. Regret is harder.”
“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.”
“To find the right person, you must first BE the right person.”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.”
“Sometimes the weak will last for years, while the strong will suddenly collapse and die.”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“To join the others was to care, and to care was to live and to suffer.”
“For, let me tell you that the more the pleasures of the body fade away, the greater to me are the pleasure and charm of conversation.”
“I believe you spend your life in some kind of hiding place, and you think you're safe from danger and harm, and one of these days you'll wake up and realize that the thing you're keeping yourself from is fullness.”
“Everyone thinks "ordinary" is easy and all, but how many of them would actually fit into the so-called smooth road the word implied? It sure was a lot harder for me, someone who was not born ordinary. That didn't mean I was extraordinary. I was just a strange boy wandering around somewhere in between. So I decided to give it a try. To become ordinary.”
“Some people are right, the others are left.”
“Lixa sempre as expectativas das pessoas, companheiro. Faz bem à circulação.”
“Almost everything you do, you do because you are afraid to die. And yet dying is exactly what you are doing, from the moment you are born. Two hours of absorption in a good Super Bowl telecast may distract you temporarily, but the fact remains. You were born as a sacrifice. And you can either participate in the sacrifice, dissolving in the giving of your gift, or you can resist it, which is your suffering.”
“Jeder Tag bedeutet vierundzwanzig neue Stunden. Jeder Tag bedeutet, dass alles möglich ist. Man lebt den Moment oder man stirbt darin, aber man lebt sein Leben einen Tag nach dem anderen. [ ] Und man versucht immer, auf die Sonnenseite zu gelangen. Ins Licht. (Day)”
“เมื่อถูกใจก็คิดว่าเข้าใจ เมื่อถูกขัดแย้งก็หวั่นไหว เมื่อไม่เข้าใจจริงแท้ก็กราดเกรี้ยว”
“You are never too insignificant to make a difference.”
“Impatience can teach us the lessons of patience better”
“Respecting requests, rules and privacy is a universal law. You break that basic etiquette 101, you're seriously flawed.”
“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”
“You need to be buried deep in the dirt before you can find your bloom.”
“Wer einmal sich selbst gefunden, kann nichts auf dieser Welt mehr verlieren.”
“If this were a novel, I'd stop reading right now. I'd throw it across the room.”
“Live each day as if it were your last, for one day, you're sure to be right.”
“Choose battles that you can win without losing your heart and your soul.”
“I guess god simply wants me to meet many wrong people before I meet the right one.”
“Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction.”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“Nothing - not prestige, power or pride - is worth sacrificing the things that you truly want, the things that you truly love. "Don't be afraid to take time and smell the roses. Don't hesitate in seeking out those things you hold dear. Seeking them out and holding on to them. And don't ever cease standing up for what you believe in, and fighting for those things that you want. Life is too short. Do what makes you happy, regardless of how others might feel.”
“If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?”
“When a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.”
“You have to live your life and not count on things being there tomorrow or the next day.”
“Even in the fiercest battles the Butterflies and Bee's still kiss the flowers.”
“I do not regret one moment of my life.”
“At the time we were all convinced that we had to speak, write,and publish as quickly as possible and as much as possible and that this was necessary for the good of mankind. Thousands of us published and wrote in an effort to teach others, all the while disclaiming and abusing one another. Without taking note of the fact that we knew nothing, that we did not know the answer to the simplest question of life, the question of what is right and what is wrong, we all went on talking without listening to one another.”
“If nothing changes then nothing changes.”
“This thing I am feeling, I’m almost certain, is the closest I’ll ever come to standing somewhere in between truth and reconciliation.”
“We tend to be judged because of our actions.”
“One way or another, I think we are all destined to learn the same lessons in life. Universal truths are universal truths. They cannot be changed.”
“Las cosas fluyen hacia donde tienen que fluir, y por más que te esfuerces e intentes hacerlo lo mejor posible, cuando llega el momento de herir a alguien lo hieres. La vida es así.”
“Remember tomorrow has it own plans.so if you plan for tomorrow dont think tomorrow will favor you.”
“I am forever grateful for not knowing—What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.”
“Don't buy into a superficial reality. It has an expiration date.”
“Sto lavorando duro per preparare il mio prossimo errore.”
“You don't learn anything just by reading books. You learn only by receiving blows.”
“You can't worry about the future so much that you miss out on the present.”
“Ciascuno esamini i propri pensieri: li troverà sempre occupati dal passato e dall'avvenire. Non pensiamo quasi mai al presente, o se ci pensiamo, è solo per prenderne lume al fine di predisporre l'avvenire. Il presente non è mai il nostro fine: il passato o il presente sono i nostri mezzi; solo l'avvenire è il nostro fine. Così non viviamo mai, ma speriamo di vivere, e, preparandoci sempre ad essere felici, è inevitabile che non siamo mai tali.”
“Eventually, you must stop running to something or from something and embrace where you are. Otherwise you’ll never embrace anything.”
“We must be careful more than ever what we let our hearts believe in.”
“Memories are of the ethereal, and not the material world, that is how I know I am forever.”
“I never heard sound and thrill of my painful heart until that very day she touched it.”
“O holy Sunday, let your darkness not come along my way. Let her nurture internal and external world, as I start my personal day.”
“There is nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (209) - "Effort is Everything" by Bud Selig”
“Learn to recognize good luck when it's waving at you, hoping to get your attention.”
“If all the women over the world have been permitted to be married to only one man, except one woman. He'd love to marry that woman. That is the imprint of man”
“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you Do your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) - "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”
“It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it ”
“Tendencies. Yougottendencies. Soevenifyoudideverythingoveragain, yourwholelife, yougottendenciestodojustwhatyoudid, alloveragain. -The Sheep Man.”
“Life on the run was filled with dreams, some at night during sleep, real dreams, and some when the mind was awake but drifting. Most were terrifying, the nightmares of the shadows growing bolder and larger. Others were pleasant wishes of a rosy future, free of the past. These were rare, Patrick had learned. Life on the run was life in the past. There was no closure”
“إن طلب العدل مرض,و لكنه المرض الوحيد الذى لا يصيب الحيوانات,كل ما فى الأمر أننا انا و أنت شفينا من هذا المرض فأصبحنا نرى أعراضه على الاّخرين.”
“Life lessons cannot be applied topically.”
“If a man fights with truth, in time, he will be victorious. If he fights with lies, after he is exposed; in time, he will be left alone.”
“So it is that God tugs at a pilgrim's sleeve telling him to remember that he is only human. He must be his own man, remain in exile, and belong to himself. He must pay attention to his own feelings and to the meaning of what he does, if he is to be for himself, and yet for others as well.”
“Hidup itu adalah rangkaian perjuangan demi perjuangan. Maka janganlah ada yang menyerah berputus asa dan menganggap perjuangan hidup adalah satu yang sia-sia. Tetaplah tegar meski yang lain berguguran. Tetaplah tersenyum meskipun perjuangan ini terasa pahit dan berliku. Kerana DIA tidak akan mensia-siakan perjuangan kita”
“Everything that seems imperishable tends to extinguishment.”
“An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.”
“There's a fine line between deserving and just desserts.”
“Writing like this is a little like milking a cow: the milk is so rich and delicious, and the cow is so glad you did it.”
“If I would expect better spiritual conditions to serve, I would not have started until the present moment.”
“Every mistake is your "Good Teacher" in your life!”
“It is when we are confronted with poignant reminders of mortality that we become most aware of the strangeness and wonder of our brief life on Earth.”
“Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life "It's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground.”
“Ponekad ti donosiš odluke u životu, a ponekad se odluke donesu same.”
“The worker faithful to the well has neither the intention, or time, to violate the name and the service of others.”
“Upon achieving a lifelong dream, I thought, this is the way to live your life -- in the moment, and to the fullest.”
“Remember never to text and drive, it's bad grammar, even if you have a deadline. You might cross the line and dead may be your destination. Think about it!!”
“There are moments on stage when everything comes together. Then the kid in the front row coughs.”
“Ada sesuatu untuk semua orang di dunia ni, betul nek?”
“You're stressing over things that haven't even happened yet.”
“The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk.”
“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
“If I stress about a goal, I won't remember to find the way to get there.”
“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”
“Your world is only as small as you make it.”
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”
“Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.”
“Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.”
“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
“But I guess that’s the thing about the past. You can’t change it. You can’t fix it. You can only understand it. And if you’re lucky, make sure you don’t make those mistakes again.”
“  one can't live without falling now and again.”
“To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“At the end of the day, what is life? A beautiful journey. Why must we take it so seriously and not enjoy every moment of it? Why not let any person have his chance in anything he desires?  Why not vanish the hate and forgive? Why not follow our dreams and make them reality?”
“If you don't eat pussy, keep walking.”
“It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.”
“Ignorance is a fine line that separates right and wrong.”
“I am 1324512000 seconds old. In the cosmic blink of an eye, I will become once again cosmic dust.”
“I guess sometimes forever is a lot shorter than you think it's going to be.”
“One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.”
“Life is too short for negativity. Focus all your energy to create happiness.”
“Water is sacred to all Human Beings. If you do not have water, you cannot have life. I always remember to honor and pour the water because it is traditional.”
“The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.”
“Da li vam se nekada ostvarila želja? Ona, veća od vas samih, želja? Da li ste ikada poverovali u slučajnost? Ja nisam. Mada, dugo sam nekim stvarima tepala tako. Lagala sam sebe. Verovala sam da je moj put jasan. Verovala sam da je dovoljno da odlučiš da koračaš pravo, da paziš da se ne spo­takneš. Nekada, ma koliko gledao kuda ideš i gde gaziš, pazio da se ne sapleteš o neki kamen… Udariš u granu koja se ni od kuda stvorila.”
“Sometimes we all forget that the world itself is paradise, and there has been much of late to enourage that amnesia. (Microserfs, p 366)”
“Sorry for what? Your appearance? Your character? Wait, I bet it’s your smell. Twenty-four hours of terror, violence, chases, and being for all intents and purposes dead plays havoc with the armpits. Don’t let Lockwood step downwind of you tonight, that’s all I’m saying.”
“I learned that it is important to be true to yourself. Many people do whatever society tells them to do. They’ve lost themselves. I grew up with Confucian values, and they are limiting. I focused only on work and making a living. But I’m old now. Remember not to lose who you are.”
“(Poetry) helped me to find a silver lining in even the darkest emotions, experiences, observations and topics; find positivity even in the face of extreme negativity; find strength when I was being forced to feel weak; and find hope that my tomorrows would be brighter.”
“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”
“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
“After awhile you realize that putting your actions where your mouth is makes you less likely to have to put your money where your mouth is.”
“I am going to sit here in the river. If you go home to sleep, I will sleep in front of your house. And if you go away, I will follow you--until you tell me to go away. Then I'll leave. But I have to love you for the rest of my life..”
“Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.”
“People say, that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But they are wrong. What doesn't kill you, doesn't kill you.”
“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
“Women are the cradles of life. What sort of man tries to break a cradle (Marc)”
“I thought I had everything until I found you.”
“Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don’t have a plan.”
“Each of our lives’ is a separate and precious journey. No matter how happy, sad, painful, tragic or confusing it may by, it is unique and beautiful. No matter if we hurt others or if we ourselves were hurt, it happened and it is part of our story. If we think we can have complete control over this journey, our journey will wake us up… usually with a very unpleasant surprise. More than genetics, money or education, it is our journey who defines who we are. It defines what kind of person you are. Not the experiences you encountered nor the happy or traumatic events you may have endured. But rather how we dealt with those events and how we continue to deal with those events; when we evaluate ourselves and how we treat others. Your journey is part of your story. But it is not the complete story of who and how you are. You are a soul, a spirit, who has traveled through this life and along the way; you learned and gathered bits and pieces from here and there. And you, yourself, have woven together a soul, a spirit. And that is who you are today. You define… you. Oh, and just in case you thought your journey, your story was over… surprise, its not. So keep weaving. You are not finished yet. It is never to late to define who you are.”
“What has been seen cannot be unseen, what has been learned cannot be unknown. You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. You can grow from it. You can be made stronger. You can use that strength to change your life, to change your future.”
“Every negative  Has a positive side ”
“To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.”
“Our deeds determine us, as long as we determine our deeds”
“One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home   With this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.”
“Peer beyond the wall of doubt to embrace the possibilities.”
“I knew long ago and rediscovered that the best way to attract attention,help,and conversation is to be lost.A man who seeing his mother starving to death on a path kicks her in the stomach to clear the way, will cheerfully devote several hours of his time giving wrong directions to a total stranger who claims to be lost”
“You Don't need anyone to live a full life, You just need to find yourself!”
“I wake up, I feel the inescapable oppression of the sunlight pouring through my bedroom window, and I am struck by the fact that I am alone. And that everyone is alone. And that everything I understood seven hours ago has already changed, and that I have to learn everything again.”
“No longer do I sing, dance or draw pictures; but God has granted me the gift to do them all in my stories.”
“La vida es esencialmente injusta. De eso no cabe la menor duda. Pero creo que incluso de las situaciones injustas es posible extraer lo que de "justicia" haya en ellas. Puede que ello cueste tiempo y esfuerzo. Y puede que ese tiempo y esfuerzo sean en vano. Decidir si merece o no la pena intentar extraer esa "justicia" es algo que, queda al criterio de cada uno.”
“لو كان العقل على قدر كلام الرجل، لكان الثرثار أكبر الناس عقلاً، ولو كان العلم على قدر حفظ المسائل لكان التلميذ أوسع من أستاذه علماً، ولو كان الجاه على قدر الفضائل لما كان للأشرار نفوذ، ولو كان المال على قدر العقل لكان أغنى الناس الحكماء، وأفقر الناس السفهاء، ولو كان الخلود على قدر نفع الناس لما خلد السفاحون والطغاة وأكثر الملوك والزعماء.”
“Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be beautiful without planning!”
“Keep Patience, it is happening for you, somewhere.”
“That’s the way life is sometimes: you can fix things up, but you can’t make them all better.”
“Every human act had a power behind it, every power had an authority, and every authority had a purpose-dirty bombs constituted by free will and amended by angelic and demonic influence unto the driving of humanity-it was very much active directing. ~RUIN Katara Aggelos”
“Remember: there are no mistakes only lessons love yourself trust your choises and everything is POSSIBLE”
“Let people busy saying so, you keep busy doing so:)”
“Si para recobrar lo recobrado debí perder lo perdido, si para conseguir lo conseguido tuve que soportar lo soportado, si para estar ahora enamorado fue menester haber estado herido, tengo por bien sufrido lo sufrido, tengo por bien llorado lo llorado. Porque después de todo he comprobado que no se goza bien de lo gozado sino después de haberlo padecido. Porque después de todo he comprendido que lo que el árbol tiene de florido vive de lo que tiene sepultado.”
“If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.”
“You ought to stop listening to stereotypes and start forming your own opinions.”
“When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.”
“If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be here… I wouldn’t be anywhere.”
“Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?”
“It's a hard life if you don't weaken.”
“أتعرف سبب رفضي لارتكاب هذه الفعلة الدنيئة؟ لأني لا أزال راغباً في سماع صوت الموسيقى في خرير الماء، وأن أطرب لغناء الطير وحفيف أوراق الشجر”
“My theory is that hope is a form of madness. A benevolent one, sure, but madness all the same. Like an irrational superstition--broken mirrors and so forth--hope's not based on any kind of logic, it's just unfettered optimism, grounded in nothing but faith in things beyond our control.”
“A rose is not its thorns, a peach is not its fuzz and a human being is not his or her crankiness.”
“Just the sight of one another, just the sight of our smiles was enough to fill our hearts with the joy of seeing each other again.”
“People have been on earth in our present form for only about 100,000 years, and in so many ways we’re still ironing out our kinks. These turtles we’ve been traveling with, they outrank us in longevity, having earned three more zeros than we. They’ve got one hundred million years of success on their resume, and they’ve learned something about how to survive in the world. And this, I think, is part of it: they have settled upon peaceful career paths, with a stable rhythm. If humans could survive another one hundred million years, I expect we would no longer find ourselves riding bulls. It’s not so much that I think animals have rights; it’s more that I believe humans have hearts and minds- though I’ve yet to see consistent, convincing proof of either. Turtles may seem to lack sense, but they don’t do senseless things. They’re not terribly energetic, yet they do not waste energy… turtles cannot consider what might happen yet nothing turtles do threatens anyone’s future. Turtles don’t think about the next generation, but they risk and provide all they can to ensure that there will be one. Meanwhile, we profess to love our own offspring above all else, yet above all else it is they from whom we daily steal. We cannot learn to be more like turtles, but from turtles we could learn to be more human. That is the wisdom carried within one hundred million years of survival. What turtles could learn from us, I can’t quite imagine.”
“I didn't know the answers, but I could feel that the things that gave life meaning came from a place within and from the nurturing of values like tolerance, charity, and community.”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“To be at peace with others you must be at peace with yourself.”
“love everyone,trust a few and rely on nobody”
“Your life is your choice, so make it worthwhile”
“We are treated different because we want to be treated different.”
“I told her running away from your problems doesn't solve anything. Really it just hurts the people who count on you.”
“Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.”
“I have learned that when you make big decisions, life says, 'Fuck you. This is what you actually have in store.”
“Some people say you pick up the Dirty Boogie where you left it off. Others say you pick it up where you would have been had you never gotten off it.”
“Cómo está Marta, preguntará él, Cansada, pero bien, responderé yo, y estas palabras también las andamos diciendo constantemente, no me extrañaría nada que cuando transitemos de este mundo hacia el otro todavía consigamos encontrar fuerzas para responder a alguien que se le ocurra la imbécil idea de preguntarnos cómo nos sentimos, Muriendo, pero bien, es lo que diremos.”
“الحياة تعلمنا أفضل وأصعب دروسها فى اللحظة التى نطمأن فيها الى اننا تعلمنا كل شيء”
“I have a shocking memory - I remember everything.”
“A wise man once said that the best definition of insanity was performing the same action over and over again, expecting different results." Father Peter stopped smiling. "The same could be said of you. What makes you so sure you're right? And so sure I'm wrong?" "The difference is that I made a mistake once, out of ignorance," Tim said. "Everything I've done since then has been to try to make amends." "To earn forgiveness." "To protect the innocents." Tim smiled, "And yes, to earn forgiveness.”
“Pelit itu payah! Hemat itu jenius!”
“‎"Life's book is hard to understand: Why couldst thou not remain at school?”
“It's curling ribbon, but you don't have to curl it. You don't have to do everything the ribbon tells you to do. Don't live your life like that.”
“in earth their have only one reason of war,i have power and want to show,”
“Alone with my wine and my misery, I was convinced that life was composed of a string of “if only’s” leading from one self-inflicted bungle to the next until at some point, one’s final iteration of the excuse became one’s final utterance, and one expired.”
“He who forgets the past is doomed to repeat it.”
“Learning was a by-product of her search for pleasure”
“Sometimes life seems like a poorly designed cage within which man has been sentenced to be free.”
“What are you doing extra? That's what counts. That's when you're working hard - when you're going above and over what's expected of you" (102). - Tony Gonzalez, "The Giant Within”
“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”
“There's nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (210) - Bud Selig "Effort is Everything”
“You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.”
“I don't spend a lot of time asking "WHY?" Instead I focus on what I should do now or how I should react." (p.180)”
“Don't talk of Life as if its one big package of miseries - it is the very Essence within that passes through both you, and your enemies and every permissible illusion. Once you're opened to, and are awakened to your TRUE NATURE, fireworks light up your path, irrespective whether it is a "Tariqa", or a pathless one!”
“It's okay to wander.”
“I long ago came to the conclusion that all life is 6 to 5 against.”
“It is singularity which often makes the worst part of our suffering, as it always does of our conduct.”
“We're young. We’re supposed to drink too much. We're supposed to have bad attitudes and shag each other's brains out. We were designed to party. We owe it to ourselves to party hard. We owe it to each other. This is it. This is our time. So a few of us will overdose, or go mental. Charles Darwin said you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. That's what it's about - breakin' eggs - by eggs, I mean, getting twatted on a cocktail of class. As. If you could see yourselves  We had it all. We have fucked up bigger and better than any generation that came before us. We were so beautiful  We're screw-ups. I plan on staying a screw-up until my late twenties, or maybe even my early thirties. And I will shag my own mum before I let anyone else take that away from me!”
“What science does not understand is called psychology, what psychology does not understand is called religion, what religion does not understand is called spirituality, what spirituality does not understand is called creation, what creation does not understand is called life, what life does not understand is called the death. There is nothing that the death does not understand—simply, it is an ultimate end of life.”
“The best self help book I've ever read was, The little Engine that Could.”
“The way you separate Reality from Imagination is the number of bandages you have to use.”
“A parents wishes for their children shouldn't be to be as good as them but to surpass their own abilities and hopefully lead to a better world.”
“Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?”
“Destiny, she’d learned, was written in the heavens; a person couldn’t take what the universe didn’t wish to give.”
“Join the mob or go for what you want. Give yourself plenty of quiet time alone in order to get in touch with who you are Focus power of thought. Remind yourself that the world is yours for the asking. The non-risker does not grow, you just get older. When you have decided which ideas, beliefs, relationships, and situations no longer work for you, it is time to release them. Let go of negative thoughts - view them as a flight of birds crossing your path. See them fly into view and continue on their way.' - from Joan Root's diary”
“Once we are a creation, how much absurdity can there be in our heart without God the Creator.”
“What river can flood over the mountains of your love?”
“Love does not only need a taste, but it also needs a present.”
“When life gives you a lemon, chuck it right back . and add a few lemons of your own.”
“Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.”
“The belief in death leads meditating about life; meanwhile, the belief in life leads you thinking about death.”
“Don't you oh well me,sir," Miss Maudie replied, recognizing Jem's fatalistic noises, "you are not old enough to appreciate what I said.”
“In the beginning the Poets and Philosophers taught the world to see. Then after that any form of education was no longer free.”
“I learned long ago to never be disappointed by people. Especially politicians.”
“I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go. Then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators.”
“If you want to make a difference, you must live like no one else and strive to achieve goals that others view as impossible to reach.”
“We experience, while still young, our most thoroughly felt desires as a kind of horizon, see life as divided into what lies on this side of that horizon and what lies on the other, as if we only had to reach that horizon and fall into it in order for everything to change, in order to once and for all transcend the world as we have known it, though in the end this transcendence never actually comes, of course, a fact one began to appreciate only as one got older, when one realized there was always more life on the other side of desire's completion, that there was always waking up, working, eating, and sleeping, the slow passing of time that never ends, when one realized that one can never truly touch the horizon because life always goes on, because each moment bleeds into the next and whatever one considered the horizon of one's life turns out always to be yet another piece of earth.”
“Success can cause people to unlearn the habits that made them successful in the first place”
“I am convinced--truly convinced-- that 99% of living is useless. The only--and I mean the ONLY--part of life that is worth anything, is the part where we love a few people in our lives, and to what degree we are able to love them, how much we are able to give, how much of our hearts we are able to put into it. Time moves fast forward; meanwhile, we spend that time on making money, chasing dreams, building names for ourselves, achieving stuff that we want to achieve time moves fast forward and instead of standing in moments with a few people that we love, we run fast forward with it! We forget how to love a few people given to us to love, we forget how to stay, we forget how to feel, we forget, we forget, we forget, so we can run towards death, leaving behind a house perhaps; kids perhaps; a bank account hopefully; a name worth remembering maybe. But did we love? Did you love? Did you stay? Did you love with all of your heart? Did you? Will you?”
“If you behave like 'Sheep', the other's will eat you. But if you roar like 'Lion', others will afraid of you!”
“Yeu only live once. No matter what yeu choose to do with it, it should be worth it.”
“Allow yourself to ache. In it, there is healing.”
“You mustn’t be cruel, if you want others to be kind to you.”
“The first source of advice you should listen to is your instinct. ”
“Our great ancestors were also not sure about their future, hence do not worry, live your life.”
“Too few see the beauty obvious to all who are near.”
“Everyone gets an ending. Whether or not it's happy is up to them.”
“When yeu win, your success story can be whatever the fuck yeu want.”
“Emotions are hard, but that’s what makes you strong ! Those who think emotional people are weak should know the same emotions give strength. Each time someone tries to break you, unknowingly they make you stronger.”
“You're basically a blank canvas. Better to fill it up with good things rather than bad things.”
“Life contracts before it expands, and pulls back before it leaps forward. This balancing act is not something we should resist, but rather, embrace.”
“Ne stvaraju okolnosti ljude. Ljudi stvaraju okolnosti.”
“You see," he says to the girl, "you closed your eyes. That was the difference. Sometimes you cannot believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them too - even when you're in the dark. Even when you are falling.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running - there is life in communication, but death in talking - there is life in awareness, but death in judgement - so, be the life my friend, without the judgement, without the talking, without the running - simply be the life, full with sparkling communications, revelatory awareness and heart-warming walks.”
“There is life in walking, but death in running.”
“We live in the world of Point-Of-Views, not the truth”
“Sometimes, it’s easier to cry than to hide the tear, And better to fight than to live in fear. Sometimes, it’s fine to be clueless of what lies ahead, And ok to spend a sleepless night in bed. Sometimes, it’s alright to be foolish, to have said that ‘No’, And ok to have held on than letting it go. Sometimes, it’s not up to one to make the choice, Sometimes, it’s just life that rolls the dice…”
“Those who sat with him saw his eyes go moist when they spoke about something horrible, or crinkle in delight when they told him a really bad joke. He was always ready to openly display the emotion so often missing from my baby boomer generation. We are great at small talk: 'What do you do?' 'Where do you live?' But really listening to someone -- without trying to sell them something, pick them up, recruit them, or get some kind of status in return -- how often do we get this anymore?”
“Life had been hard on him, but he was still moving, and he was still working, and he was still fighting for those who couldn't fight for themselves.”
“By suicide, yeu can only hurt the people who loves yeu.”
“Maybe that's worse, not letting ourselves be loved. Because we're too afraid of giving ourselves to someone we might lose.”
“El mundo normal es un lugar mu exigente donde los cuerpos extraños son eliminados en silencio. Las personas inmaduras son expulsadas.”
“If someone does not appreciate you, let them go. They need to learn lessons that you cannot teach them.”
“Do what you love and you'll love what you do.”
“Beauty can be born out of not only love, but also pain and other motivations.”
“If you do not have control over your mouth, you will not have control over your future.”
“There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you don't care what you lose!”
“Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!”
“But when your situation is hopeless, all you can do is turn the world upside down, transform it according to your wishes, and create anew.”
“Fortune crowns the bold before the worthy”
“This life is not perfect, live it to the full, it's all we have”
“Life is a spiral. As long as we lived, we would keep moving forward. But on a spiral path, getting closer to your destination meant periodically passing the same things—emotions, issues, character flaws—over and over again, the way a person walking up a spiral staircase would continually find himself facing north every ten steps or so.”
“Life teaches us two important things - we are careless when we are young and by the time we get old, it is too late to be careful!!”
“Life is a tightrope walk. One has to balance the do's and don'ts.”
“Fictional characters also evolve, the way human being do in real life.”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“Don't hyperbolize when things don't flow according to your plan. Things could change when you least expect it. And it is crucial to be flexible at all times.”
“You gain much more from your enemies than friends.”
“The entire quest is for acceptance. You run from pillar to post for being accepted as you are. This quest ends only when you realize that the most important in life is to accept yourself totally, wholly and completely. Unfortunately, that is a long drawn process and it takes time to reach that level. However, once you reach that stage, you are at entire peace with yourself.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.”
“You can't have everything, I've often noticed it.”
“It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU. How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.”
“My grandpa always said asking a question is embarrass for a moment but not asking a question is embarrasing for a life time”
“Don't respect or trust any one out of your limit. Because if u cross the bridge of your patience and emotions for any one. Then you will find yourself as a broken mirror”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“Life is neither hard nor easy, life is life. Understanding this will help you endure every life situation, for life is neither hard nor easy, life is simply life.”
“It's easier to face the camera than life. As in the former the script is known.”
“In addition to my new outlook on life, in some absurdly simple way, Anissa gave me several new reasons to live. Above all, I had to see her again and find out what, if anything, would happen between her and me.”
“If you are waiting for approval to live your life, I am sorry none is forthcoming”
“Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them, too---even when you're in the dark. Even when you're falling.”
“Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.”
“Ale w życiu nie ma miejsca na poprawki. To nie brudnopis, w którym można eksperymentować bez żadnych konsekwencji. Każde zdanie, rysunek, a nawet kleks zajmuje odpowiednie miejsce w sercu człowieka i nie da się go zasłonić czymś innym.”
“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”
“Read. You can always talk with another reader.”
“It Hurts It Kills It Teaches  It Thrills “IT” Is LIFE !”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life H – Harass H – Hamper H – Hurt H – Harm H – Hinder To Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!”
“TANSTAAFL: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.”
“After years of searching, I have found my soulmate, and it is myself. The bachelor is content. Oh, he still dates women from time to time, and he listens to the wedding marches sometimes too. But only because he likes them.”
“The details that are life's special pattern, like how in handwoven rugs what really makes them unique are the tiny flaws in the stitching, little gaps and jumps and stutters that can never be reproduced. so many things become beautiful when you really look.”
“Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with ”
“Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.”
“Sometimes", said Miss Phillips, "the thing you dread doing the very thing you should do, just so you can stop thinking about it.”
“If you have ever come up against Nothing you have no idea how it can scare you out of your wits. When I was a child I used to be afraid of Something in the dark. I know now that the most fearful thing about the dark is that we may find Nothing in it.”
“If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule: Never lie to yourself!”
“Relationships is not a game of amateurs is what people say.. But they begin to foster between amateurs and become a reason to make them matured grown-ups!”
“Promise is more worthy than Time and Money.”
“Nature is subtle and complex.”
“People don’t seem to realize it that it is not like we’re on the Titanic and we have to avoid the iceberg. We’ve already hit the iceberg. The water is rushing in down below. But some people just don’t want to leave the dance floor; others don’t want to give up on the buffet. But if we don’t make the hard choices, nature will make them for u”
“La ventaja competitiva de una sociedad no vendrá de lo bien que se enseñe en sus escuelas la multiplicación y las tablas periódicas, sino de lo bien que se sepa estimular la imaginación y la creatividad.”
“A Change in life will not always be the Best, but a try to take a Chance for a Better life will be never a Loss in our Life.”
“But things change, people change, Gaby. Otherwise what would be the point of living?”
“You are on your own now , you have always been & you shall forever be .”
“Sleep is good.”
“..we all have to do things in this life that we don't like..”
“Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.”
“‏اگر چه گونه مردن را یاد بگیری ، چه گونه زیستن را نیز فرا خواهی گرفت.”
“We're teaching the wrong things. And you have to be strong enough to say if the culture doesn't work, don't buy it. Create your own.”
“La vita. Comincia e ricomincia, un'infinità di volte. Un inizio dopo l'altro, finchè non arriva la fine. A volte lo sappiamo, a volte no, ma la vita ricomicia in ogni istante”
“But everyone knows someone who has died, I said. Why is it so hard to think about dying? 'Because,' Morrie continued, 'most of us walk around as if we're sleepwalking. We really don't experience the world fully, because we're half asleep, doing things we automatically think we have to do.' And facing death changes all that? 'Oh, yes. You strip away all that stuff and you focus on the essentials. When you realize you are going to die, you see everything much differently.' He sighed. 'Learn how to die, and you learn how to live.”
“That's the thing I'm learning about being thrown out on yer own. Nobody does nothing for you. If you don't change it, it don't get changed.”
“Leggendo non cerchiamo idee nuove, ma pensieri già da noi pensati, che acquistano sulla pagina un suggello di conferma. Ci colpiscono degli altri le parole che risuonano in una zona già nostra – che già viviamo – e facendola vibrare ci permettono di cogliere nuovi spunti dentro di noi.”
“Get used to it. Life doesn't give, it takes. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“I wish the army had taught us how to navigate feelings as easily as they did a starless night sky.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience, Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”
“Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours, Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“And what went wrong when other alchemists tried to make gold and were unable to do so?" "They were looking only for gold his companion answered. They were seeking the treasure of their personal legend, without wanting actually to live out the personal legend.”
“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action  While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words ”
“Once when I was a little child of six or so, I watched a spider spinning its web in a corner of the house. Before the spider had even finished its job, a mosquito flew right into the web and was trapped there. The spider didn't pay it any attention at first, but went on with what it was doing; only when it was finished did it creep over on its pointy toes and sting that poor mosquito to death. As I sat there on that wooden floor and watched Hatsumomo come reaching for me with her delicate fingers, I knew I was trapped in a web she had spun for me.”
“The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.”
“It is a useless life that is not consecrated to a great deal. It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice.”
“Life does not accommodate you; it shatters you. Every seed destroys its container, or else there would be no fruition.”
“Working together as a team helps build a cohesive organization.”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“Being a reader has brought me much joy, laughter, and rich experience. But reading has also wounded me. The sacrament of reading has plowed me open and sown seeds of empathy that have taken root in deep soil. Over the years, reading has caused me to grow from a shallow, self-absorbed youth to one who seeks out the pain of the world. Reading has burdened me with the welfare of my fellow human, but sometimes the burden proves too heavy for my narrow shoulders.”
“People are less quick to applaud you as you grow older. Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there.”
“You doan go diggin' for gold in an outhouse.”
“ I realize that lessons are meant to be learned, honored even, or else you can spend your life running so far from them that you erect a false existence around the very thing you should be embracing.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood ”
“You always lose a lot of money chasing after women, but you will never lose a lot of women chasing after money”
“I’m a dinosaur, he thought, lumbering through a world where truthtellers are despised.”
“In as much time as it takes to smoke a cigarette, a person's life was changed forever.”
“The trick to taking the paper off the crayons is to just do it. There is no trick.”
“one is good but ten is better. together is a powerful, beautiful, and peaceful.”
“Satu hal yang kupelajari, terkadang kita sering ketakutan duluan utk hal-hal yang sebenarnya tak pelu ditakuti.”
“The present is a point just passed.”
“The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.”
“لا أريد أن أفرط فى يوم يمكن أن أعيشه,لن أفرط فى هذه الهدية باختيارى ‎‫”
“Love thy neighbor yes, but love thyself first.”
“With age comes acumen. With experience comes insight.”
“We are not strangers in this journey of life…We are connected to each other through this mysterious field of love.”
“I can't see that Danish episode as an adventure, or a crisis survived, or a serious quest for anything definable. It was just another happening like today's luncheon, something I got into and got out of. And it reminds me too much of how little life changes: how, without dramatic events or high resolves, without tragedy, without even pathos, a reasonably endowed, reasonably well-intentioned man can walk through the world's great kitchen from end to end and arrive at the back door hungry.”
“A day of Rest is always needed.”
“Lyra learns to her great cost that fantasy isn’t enough. She has been lying all her life, telling stories to people, making up fantasies, and suddenly she comes to a point where that’s not enough. All she can do is tell the truth. She tells the truth about her childhood, about the experiences she had in Oxford, and that is what saves her. True experience, not fantasy - reality, not lies - is what saves us in the end.”
“Find fault with thyself rather than with others.”
“  time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.”
“When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. -Henny Youngman, comedian and violinist (1906-1998)”
“Your mistake is that you've concluded life is short, so you treat it as if it's precious, like a pretty little princess. Bullshit! Everyone's life is short. Quit feeling sorry for yourself. Fuck it. Treat it like a cheap hooker. Ask crazy shit from it, and you'll get more out of life than you could have ever wanted, imagined, or deserved.”
“Love is all that awaits you.”
“Life is a miracle. We, all of us are creator beings. We are the joyful choice makers.”
“Quien planta un árbol tampoco sabe si acabará ahorcándose en él”
“The only way to set yourself free is to meet each new challenge relatively.”
“So many wish for magic so many beg for fame, but if you could manifest anything you want life would be a boring game.”
“God forgive me for what I've done. God forgive me for what I will do, and forgive me for what I can't do because my religion won't let me.”
“انت لا تعلم شيء لا تعلم شيء على الاطلاق .. أنا لا اعلم شيء لا اعلم شيء على الاطلاق نحن نحيا بعالم المجاهيل ذلك ..نتبع القواعد أحيانا وأحيانا نجري فقط لنكتشف نهاية اللعبه احيانا نصل للنهايه فندم على كمية الاشياء التي اغفلناها والتي كانت ستحقق لنا رصيد اضافي بتلك اللعبه وأحيانا نرضي بنعمة المعرفه ذاتها نتمسك بقراراتنا ونقبل على تحسين بالمستوي التالي ولكن احيانا نصطدم بتلك الكلمه السخيفه "GAME OVER" والتي تضمن لنا نهاية مفتوحه وبئر من الاسئله نقع به لترتطم رؤوسنا بالقاع فنهلوس قليلا !!ثم نعي حقيقة أنا لا نعلم شيء ..لا نعلم شيء على الاطلاق”
“An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture”
“Las propias palabras, que no son cosas, que sólo las designan lo mejor que pueden, y designándolas las modelan, incluso las que sirvieron de manera ejemplar, suponiendo que tal pudiera suceder en alguna ocasión, son millones de veces usadas y otras tantas desechadas, y después nosotros, humildes, con el rabo entre las piernas, como el perro Encontrado cuando la vergüenza lo encoge, tenemos que ir a buscarlas nuevamente, barro pisado que también ellas son, amasado y masticado, deglutido y restituido.”
“الكثير منا ينتظر حياته لتبدأ ولكن ما لا نعرفه ان الحياة هي جنينك يحمل جيناتك طباعك عاداتك أخطائك السابقة وطموحاتك   كلما كانت الولاده متعثرة كلمة استحق ذلك الجنين الحياه الحب والإحترام . حافظ دائما على البدايات نظيفة,قويه و متفائله.”
“She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at this age, to tell her he had pitied her for years.”
“الحياة من غير هدف تعيش له ما تبقاش حياة .. لو ما عندكش هدف دورلك على واحد .. صدقه، وعيش علشانه !!”
“Sometimes the worst-tasting crap is the best for you.”
“Your mama coming back. Just cause you cant sees a person aint mean nothing. They still there. You worry you never gonna find your mama but she gonna come to you. Close your eyes. I bets you see her good.”
“В разрошената коса, размазаният грим, раздърпаният чорапогащник и смешните оправдания винаги е имало нещо загадъчно.”
“When I was a kid I loved wall paper it added a lot of fiber to my paint chips.”
“And that's what we'll do every day. If you or your friends spray-paint obscenities on our walls, we'll scrub them off, and the people will come. if you break our windows, we'll fix them, and the people will come. If you hurt us, we'll wash off the blood, slap on some bandages and the people will come any wound you inflict, we'll stitch up. We're not going to stop, no matter what you do. This work is too important. Too many lives are at stake.”
“Bisogna lasciare la ragione agli altri perché questo li consola di non aver altro.”
“Not soon, as late as the approach of my ninetieth year, I felt a door opening in me and I entered the clarity of early morning. One after another my former lives were departing, like ships, together with their sorrow. And the countries, cities, gardens, the bays of seas assigned to my brush came closer, ready now to be described better than they were before.”
“She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave. Or so she'd thought.”
“No aprendas nada, y el próximo mundo será igual que éste, con las mismas limitaciones y pesos de plomo que superar”
“I learned that ruling poor men's hands is nothing. Ruling men's money's a wedge in the world. But after I'd split it open a crack I looked in and saw the trick inside it, the filthy nothing, the fooled and rotten faces of rich and successful men.”
“A gente nunca sabe se o que lhe sucede é, em definitivo, bom ou mau”
“¿Tienes idea de cuántas vidas debimos cruzar antes de que lográramos la primera idea de que hay más en la vida que comer, luchar o alcanzar poder en la Bandada? ¡Mil vidas, Juan, diez mil! Y luego cien vidas más hasta que empezáramos a aprender que hay algo llamado perfección, y otras cien para comprender que la meta de la vida es encontrar esa perfección y reflejarla.”
“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you .Do your job well, learn your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”
“He taught us that everyone has a good story and the more of others you understand, the better your grasp of human nature, a gift given great weight in my family" (73). - Bill Clinton, "Paying Attention”
“I was born not to die but to live and never born.”
“Flow, I must remind you here is a being-systemic process. Depression is a being-systemic deregulation that affects the neurophysiological.”
“It isn’t fair, but maybe that’s the whole point. Fairness has no part in real life, and she took that lesson away from the Hotel Angeline with her.”
“I abandoned the assigned problems in standard calculus textbooks and followed my curiosity. Wherever I happened to be--a Vegas casino, Disneyland, surfing in Hawaii, or sweating on the elliptical in Boesel's Green Microgym--I asked myself, "Where is the calculus in this experience?”
“Os homens irão deixar-te, a tua beleza irá desaparecer, os teus filhos irão crescer e partir e tudo o que pensaste ser a tua vida irá azedar; a única coisa com que podes contar é contigo mesma e com o teu talento.”
“Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.”
“re: cutting glass "You have to be in command of the glass, telling it where to release its hold on itself. Just like life. Otherwise it will splinter.”
“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”
“Me propongo a describir, con precisión, hechos que finalmente han provocado mi forzosa estadía en este manicomio con el insólito consentimiento de mi amadísima familia, alumnos, colegas y amistades, habiendo sido recluido específicamente en el pabellón de los personajes famosos, dignidad esta que rechazo de plano.”
“Adrien Bach, main character from The Maker: You know, when you’re a kid, you think you’re going to grow up to be something special, do something important. You’re not going to be a regular Joe like everybody else. But then you get out there and life starts to hit you. It hits you so many times, eventually you just can’t get up anymore. Or won’t. And then you just don’t know. Those dreams seem to fade away, and suddenly you’re not sure who you are anymore.”
“Vi ne možete zamisliti kakva bol i srdžba vas obuzme kad veliku ideju, koju odavno i visoko poštujete, dohvate nevešti ljudi i izvuku je na ulicu pred glupake kao što su sami, i najedanput je nađete na tržištu stareži, u prljavštini, naopako nameštenu, bez proporcije, bez harmonije- kao igračka kod nerazumne dece- i ne možete više da je poznate !”
“As wonderful as it is to have clarity, I want to reach back to my younger self, through the years and past all the pain I put myself through. I want to go back and somehow shorten the winding road she’s starting down. I would go to the night she sat pointing at her Bible and tell her how much intrinsic value she had, just waiting to be unleashed.”
“I hope your road hasn’t been too challenging. If it has, take heart! I’ve come to acknowledge that there are some wounds and regrets that time cannot fully erase; however, time provides opportunities for healing and renewal, a shift in composition, and a scar capable of fading.”
“Desires are good, but it is important to recognize the need, the necessity, and the unnecessary ”
“Certificates are just a piece of paper but experiences are better than certificates ”
“Life is a pleasant voyage until it runs into a typhoon .”
“True friendship is being supportive of one another through all the changing scenes of life.”
“A life without trust is a life without belief.”
“We’re born, we live, we die, we’re dust, what we do in the middle determines our legacy!”
“Everybody comes of age, Very few come alive.”
“Sifat Rasulullah yang pertama bukan alim, bukan hebat, bukan aziz, bukan sakti, tetapi shiddiq --kesungguhan. (h.32)”
“For me, you walked to edge of death, but chose to live," he said. "You refused to stay in a sad dream, even for a promise of love. When you saved yourself, you saved me.”
“You don't need many friends to feel appreciated. One good one is enough. At most times, lean on yourself. You’re your first best friend.”
“If they don’t apologise to you, don’t’ let it hold you from living your best life.”
“When you are humble and simple, the entire world knocks on your door to bask in your light. But when you are too full of yourself, one after another you'll keep losing life's most priceless treasures - those that really matter.”
“I’m not the one you need to be scared of,” said the failure. I just smiled and whistled my favorite song.”
“The Treasure of life is not in "Rest" but in "Quest".”
“To all those people who are too worried about bringing their life "On Track", the Track doesn't exist!! It's just a matrix created by society for you to follow when they can't escape it for themselves.”
“All oblivious to my dreams, and to my state of struggle: some would greet me, smiling at me. But some laughed the hardest, laughing at me. Some would express pity, while some expressed sympathy. Some would pretend that I wasn't even there. And those who ignored me equalled my presence to that of the debris.”
“Spirituality makes everything a reality. Religion is the only belief system that turns things into a delusion.”
“Mission is purpose magnified, Purpose is potential focused, Potential is protoplasm evolving, Protoplasm is a pocket universe.”
“Don’t just live. Dig deep and enjoy the thrill.”
“It is never enough to just exist. Everyone exists. what matters is to live through your existence.”
“I tried running roads, hung out with road runners. But it's not for me. Being on the road means people will see you, so your outfit matters and you can't blow your nose and wipe it with your hands and brush your hands on the pavement. It's like going to the gym. Sweat, odor, athleisure fashion, being self-conscious—none of those matter in the mountains. You'd slam your shoes across rivers and slap your ass on muddy trails and swing your dick out while running. Pee on the run because stopping to pee takes too much time. You don't bother with trivial matters. Instead, you thank the universe you didn't fall off that cliff or your knees didn't collapse or you finished the race with only calluses, maybe a cut here and there, sore and stiff muscles, but alive and without broken bones. You're in the moment. It's more fun that way.”
“Maybe that’s how it is. Some people drink, gamble, or work longer hours. Others get abortions or fuck committed people. When we’re fed up making the same mistakes, maybe we change for the better. Become less fucked up. Happier.”
“I was taught to prioritize what's "important"; food, water, children (Being the eldest among our siblings, I was taught to watch out for the younger ones). I was taught that the important stuff wasn't shiny; it involved logistics, practicals, survival. Only the necessary stuff to get by. Style, beauty, self-expression, affairs, superficiality — these are luxuries in my world. I could barely afford to eat lunch, much less buy clothes or get my hair styled in a salon. My family couldn't afford cable TV so I never watched MTV to learn the latest trends. So when I started high school, I had no regard for appearances. This is how I learned, the hard way, that maturity has no place with teenagers who could afford to have fun.”
“They're the people sitting on carpeted floors in their padded, imported socks, opening presents handed to them by fate, by luck, by whatever perverse force that allowed humans to be born not equal. And I wanted sooo badly, to have a taste of those gifts through the women who opened them.”
“It is never too late to wake up, It is never too late to try, As long as you have a dream, you have a reason to wake up, And if nothing, at least try!”
“There is an immense, unreserved trust in life when one is young. You pursue, go off track, rediscover, whine, ans then allow your share of happiness to find you. And you do not realize how rare that occurrence is. You feel entitled to that bliss. And for a while, you bask in it. And it goes on, until the day it is taken away from you. And when that happens, your innocence is gone.”
“She'd gone to the right schools, chosen the right career, married the right partner, formed the right family - and made enormous sacrifices in the process, and yet here she was, thoroughly miserable, horrified by the prospect that her entire existence had been built on lies.”
“Academia doesn't pay well, unfortunately.”
“«Για να διαβάσουμε τα καλά βιβλία, ο όρος είναι να μη διαβάσουμε τα κακά: διότι η ζωή είναι σύντομη, ο χρόνος και οι δυνάμεις μας πεπερασμένα».”
“I consider reading the greatest bargain in the world. A shelf of books is a shelf of many lives and ideas and imaginations which the reader can enjoy whenever he wishes and as often as he wishes. Instead of experiencing just one life, the book-lover can experience hundreds or even thousands of lives. He can live any kind of adventure in the world. Books are his time machine into the past and also into the future. Books are his "transporter" by which he can beam instantly to any part of the universe and explore what he finds there. Books are an instrument by which he can become any person for a while—a man, a woman, a child, a general, a farmer, a detective, a king, a doctor, anyone. Great books are especially valuable because a great book often contains within its covers the wisdom of a man or woman's whole lifetime. But the true lover of books enjoys all kinds of books, even some nonsense now and then, because enjoying nonsense from others can teach us to also laugh at ourselves. A person who does not learn to laugh at his own problems and weaknesses and foolishness can never be a truly educated or a truly happy person. Also, probably the same thing could be said of a person who does not enjoy learning and growing all his life.”
“But for me living without loving you is not possible, As for the Moon to shine without the Sun is impossible.”
“At some period of life, they had sacrificed everything for me, nothing wrong in sacrificing anything for them.”
“Our Prophet ﷺ showed KINDNESS while he was treated with hostility, He showed LOVE and COMPASSION to everyone, even to his enemy. Sent by the MOST MERCIFUL to the world as a MERCY, He is the BEST of creation, the most noble man, Described by his wife as a WALKING QUR’AN. Follow his SUNNAH as best as you can ”
“Success is not important. It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.”
“Romans 12:8-21 Whether people know or see that you are racist or not. You know. Do the right thing and get rid of that evil heart and mind. Racism is not generic, but it is being taught. Most people who are racist are being groomed by bad parents to be racist. If being racist is a good thing, why are you publicly hiding that you are racist. You can comfort yourself by telling lies and believing lies you telling each other. Truth is you are not as good as you think you are if you are racist. You are not good person at”
“You don’t have to lie to tell the truth. One lie of what is happening or what happened makes the whole thing unbelievable and questionable.”
“If dust falls into our eyes, removing the dust is vision but removing the eyes is blind”
“In the universe of atoms, friction is the norm, not the exception. It's this very opposition, this challenge, that ignites the spark of innovation. When the world seems against you, embrace that resistance. It's the sandpaper to your innovation, the very friction that shapes your destiny. Never stop pushing. Never stop dreaming. Here's to the crazy ones who use that friction to sculpt their future.”
“I never look back to see how far I have come. I look back to see how much I have grown and how many lives I have touched.”
“Travellers travel because of curiosity. Explorers explore because of curiosity. Anything good that we have is due to curiosity. But, so as the bad.”
“Friendship should be fair. It becomes charity if you’re always the giver and the other person the receiver …and without reciprocation.”
“Curiosity is the root of invention.”
“Be curious but be mindful.”
“The development of our senses grows because of curiosity. We smell something, then, we progress to tasting or touching it. Or vice versa.”
“Feed a child's curious mind with knowledge and wisdom. Thereon the result will be based on their own choice.”
“Sometimes we talk to people because we're curious about who they are. Imagine how limited our individual worlds would be without being curious.”
“Being curious is an indication of being alive.”
“We could never know what works best for us if we weren't curious.”
“There are beautiful doors to which your curiosity could lead you. Use your instincts when choosing which one to open.”
“Take every day lightly. Not all your curiosity needs to be fulfilled at once.”
“Explore, but know your limits.”
“Touch the fire and you will burn your hands. But if you observe the density of the heat before you touch it, you will save your hands.”
“Many times, we're told not to explore what we want. And sometimes it is for a good reason. But at other times, it is either for our protection or for the protection of others.”
“The law is, at most times, the best measure of our limitations.”
“The mind knows know limitations, but your body does.”
“Listen to good advice and kind warnings. They're for your benefit.”
“In your exploration, observe, analyse, reflect, and beware.”
“Not every field is worth digging. Preserve your energy and time for worthwhile missions.”
“When exploring, read the warning signs: figuratively and literally.”
“Sometimes the dangerous places are not marked. Be sure to use your senses in such situations.”
“Remain in your lane. But only in times of danger.”
“Classify your friends into groups. Classify them per their roles in your life. It will save you from investing in the wrong people.”
“Friends can be the best place for support. They can also be insightful and delightful to you.”
“Friends can be the family you never had.”
“Not all friends are worthy of your immediate attention. Remember that bad friends are still in the category of 'friends'.”
“Some friends may want to show their dominance over you. Thread lightly.”
“Friendship is not supposed to hurt.”
“If they don't consider your needs, they aren’t your real friends.”
“We make time for our friends. But in doing so, plan the time right so that you don't neglect your own needs.”
“Ambition is the herald of dawn despite the most evident dusk.”
“Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility.”
“The purpose of education is to help us dive below the surface to reveal rarely glimpsed roots of wisdom.”
“Todos nós somos capazes de perceber a tristeza no olhar do outro. Não permita que esta pessoa vá embora sem saber que você se importa. Caso ela não queira conversar sobre o assunto naquele momento, há outras formas para dizer que você está ali. Compre uma barra de chocolate, convide para almoçar ou jantar em um restaurante, assistam filmes divertidos ou simplesmente abrace-a sem lhe dizer uma palavra. Você não terá dito absolutamente nada, mas ela entenderá. Pois são as nossas ações que realmente importam.”
“Tiba-tiba sekarang saya merasa, atau menyadari, atau mengakui, bahwa hati nurani tidak cukup. Ada sesuatu yang lebih tinggi, agung, dan murni. Saya tidak tahu di mana letaknya yang saya cari. Akan tetapi, lebih mudah bagi saya mencarinya dengan jalan berlutut dan menengadah. Inilah gerak refleks saya dalam menyerahkan diri, memohon pengampunan, dan memohon pertolongan. Saya merasa kecil, tidak berarti, dan tidak berdaya.”
“Entah mengapa, saya merasa yang saya lakukan masih kurang. Saya ingin pasrah dan menyerahkan diri, tetapi saya merasa ada sesuatu dalam diri saya yang belum siap untuk saya ajak. Rasanya berlutut dan menengadah belum cukup. Terdorong oleh keinginan untuk menunjukkan kekecilan saya, untuk pasrah dan menyerahkan diri, setelah berlutut saya membongkok dan menempelkan kening saya di rerumputan. Ada perasaan segar menyelinap di lubuk hati saya. Meskipun demikian ada juga perasaan serbasalah. Ada sesuatu yang rasanya kurang mengena. Bagaikan mengemudikan mobil, saya tidak dapat memadukan kerja sama antara gas dan kopling pada waktu memindah persneling. Dengan demikian, ada juga perasaan menyendal-nyendal dalam lubuk hati saya. Andaikata mobil saya terus begini, salah-salah gigi-gigi mesin saya bisa rompal dan rontok.”
“Perjalanan saya seperti gerak mobil di jalan raya, ada lampu merah saya berhenti, ada lampu hijau saya berjalan, dan pada waktu mendekati penyeberangan saya mengurangi kecepatan.”
“Hanya setelah saya melibatkan emosi dalam hubungan saya dengan Olenka, saya mulai menyadari adanya keinginan untuk menyambung keturunan, menengok kembali masa anak-anak saya, dan melihat kekosongan masa lalu saya.”
“Mungkin saya tidak akan berhasil. Meskipun demikian, saya mempunyai kesempatan untuk mempraktikkan kebebasan saya menentukan pilihan.”
“Akan tetapi, akhirnya saya harus menemukan. Tidak mungkin keadaan menjadikan saya objek kebetulan untuk selamanya. Pada suatu hari nanti, pasti keadaan akan memberi kelonggaran kepada saya untuk menjadi subjek.”
“Stasiun bus mirip benar dengan dunia saya sehari-hari, berjalan ke sana ke sini, iseng, tanpa tujuan. Di luar sana, di dunia saya sehari-hari, saya juga demikian, terus mengalir, entah ke mana, entah dengan tujuan apa.”
“Setiap pengalaman hanya menambah nafsu untuk menambah pengalaman lain.”
“Saya senang masih bisa bermimpi. Kalau saya tidak dapat bermimpi, artinya hidup saya sudah sama sekali kering.”
“If an encounter with a person doesn't feel right, probably it's not right.”
“Adam replies two days later, when I have pretty much healed up over the whole thing. It seems like that is the way the world works. You never get what you want when you are most excited and capable. What you want comes eventually, dressed in its shabbiest state, when you don't even want it anymore.”
“An expensive watch will not save you time unless you recognize the value of time.”
“There are some people in life who say things you inwardly agree with in ways you outwardly don't.”
“There is no set time for a skill to be attained. Each skill is required uniquely at a certain time and from each person.”
“Try different activities to see which skill is best suitable for your success. Without variety, you'll never truly know.”
“They say that Rome wasn't built in one day. And nothing is built in one day. Even if an action happens in one day, the planning took place in the mind days, months, or even years before.”
“It's your own pace, race, and phase.”
“Learn, build, and master.”
“Indeed, even if one masters the skill, there's always a room for advancement.”
“Be fearless.”
“Be fearless: just like a toddler who jumps out of his bed, seeking freedom or reassurance.”
“We advance in life when we let go of the fear.”
“The child is born free of fear. But it is the feelings or actions of the parents, or those around, that instil the spirit of fear in the child.”
“A child's curiosity is greater, bolder, and louder than the fear within.”
“Without fear, we become unstoppable in our endeavours.”
“Be curious.”
“Beware of looking for goals: look for a way of life. Decide how you want to live and then see what you can do to make a living within that way of life.”
“What your mama always say? If you not good person, you're nothing. Nothing.”
“मुसीबत चाहे जितनी बड़ी हो, उसे अनदेखा करके या उससे पलायन करके उसे ख़त्म नहीं किया जा सकता। परेशानी के सामने मजबूती से खड़े रह कर, उससे लड़कर ही उसे ख़त्म किया जा सकता है।”
“जिनके हें, वो आ कर ले जाए, मेरे पास बतौर अमानत रखे हें जो मिले थे मुझे सड़कों पर गिरे हुए वो सभी क़िरदार मेरी अमान में हिफ़ाज़त से रखे हें”
“The right lesson in the art of living begins with a chapter of death.”
“I'm not scared of your bullet because it cannot kill my soul, but you must be scared of my eyes because they have the ability to win both your heart and soul.”
“Lineage does not make a person's character The character of a person makes a lineage dignity. Although Yazid was also from the family of Hazrat Muawiyah but His character destroyed the dignity of his lineage forever.”
“somehow respected the wounds given by you. I always kept them in my heart and never treated”
“To be spiritual, one does not have to renounce the world, but to elevate oneself above worldly desires to a higher level of consciousness.”
“Anyone shall sacrifice their love but only your wife will sacrifice her life for you.”
“Difficulty delivers durability.”
“Hopefully your life doesn't become the reality and reflection of the stained feelings that you have impressed and imposed upon someone else.”
“Averill thought that evil was a very strange thing. Strange, and sly. It found a way in, as a rat finds its way into a house, it ate whatever you had been too stupid or lazy to put away, and when it was done it disappeared, its belly full.”
“Mom's first diagnosis taught me that love was an escape rope, but it was her second diagnosis that taught me love could be a life vest when you were drowning.”
“Some choose to influence change, and some choose to be influenced by change. You choose which one are you.”
“Call me crazy, but I think we do the best living when stakes are high.”
“A society without morals by default teaches wrong things and behavior. That everyone there graduates to become a world class freak, schmuck and a criminal. They end up becoming a burden and a problem to the system and to everyone.”
“Bad things always have consequences . No matter how good you are doing them. How good you are in hiding them or how good you are in hiding while doing them.”
“The more you find out about life. The more you’ll be comfortable with yourself and appreciate its light.”
“I think the best way to deal with grief is to just keep going. To keep living your life, even though it's different now.”
“Defiance is not confidence,' Lili said. 'Bravado is not courage.”
“I’ve always been a person who has believed in the love and in the power of love. It occurred to me that it is an essence which connects to the hearts of people, to the hearts of the beasts and to the One-Above-All.…… .…………. Sometimes, if people are dysfunctional together, they will have dysfunctional families and kids who are dysfunctional to the society, each in a unique disorderly way. Love, is the key to disorder and anarchy as it emanates from truth and then further emanates commitment, care, respect and sacrifice. It has the powers over emotions of a human and their mindset and it has been bringing changes to the lives of people. The problem of dysfunctional relationships is the connection is based upon truths which are not mutually established. To make a relationship functional is very much possible and is as essential to being human as the fact that we are very intelligent beings. A love based on truth will always shine brighter in any dark night. But who wants a love like that? And who dares to love as such? All that forever? Would you dare?.…………. ……. All that and many things more but not anymore. I now believe that only love cannot make anyone do everything. Neither everything is dearly loved nor it is reciprocated gracefully. Some loves fall away as the leaves of the autumn; some fires are washed by little waters; and some boats never make it to the shore. If love is truly your goal and the goal of your love is love itself then the pillars of love shall always remain true. Be good to the people you meet. And be good to those who hurt you as well. Someday, sometime, it will make sense to everyone.”
“It was the pain in life that sometimes brought you to the place you should have been all along.”
“I think knowing you has shown me how to have some purpose. watching you put meaning into all kinds of things, into a baby robin, it's taught me something. About how when you care, happiness tends to follow.”
“The bad you see in others is nothing but a reflection of your poor vision.”
“Without heart there is little content and much discontent.”
“Life is constantly teaching us lessons. The question is are we listening, learning and applying them?”
“Happiness doesn't mean checking all the boxes, Happiness means to stop putting life in boxes.”
“100 Questions of Life 6. What is perfection? Perfection is imperfections we've made peace with.   13. What is nature? Nature is order within chaos. 14. What is order? Order is but friendship with chaos. 15. What is chaos? Chaos is order we are yet to understand.   21. What is knowledge? Knowledge is ignorance we've chosen to correct. 22. What is choice? Choice is the fulcrum of freedom. 23. What is freedom? Freedom is the fulcrum of responsibility. 24. What is responsibility? Responsibility is the act of backbone. 25. What is backbone? Backbone is more than a stick to hang your head. 26. What is the head? Head is the mightiest carrier of progress. 27. What is progress? Progress is much more than mere functioning of nuts and bolts. 28. What are nuts and bolts? Nuts and bolts are our greatest defense against unforeseen terrors of nature, on earth and beyond.   53. What is heritage? Heritage, in moderation, is an aid to growth, unmoderated, poison.   57. What is death? Death is but the fear of life. 58. What is fear? Fear is but memory of our animal past. 59. What is memory? Memory is the fabric of time. 60. What is time? Time is the meaning behind moments.   78. What is curiosity? Curiosity is a challenge to superstition. 79. What is superstition? Superstition is nature's antidote to the insecurity of the unknown. 80. What is insecurity? Insecurity is wisdom of the jungle against possible predatory attack. 81. What is wisdom? Wisdom is the result of travel in mind, not in time or space.”
“Death is but the fear of life.”
“Allah is CLOSER to you than your jugular vein, He knows your DEEPEST thoughts; he feels your pain. Any problems, RAISE your hands to Allah and complain, The most compassionate, the one who LOVES you greatly. Allah is more MERCIFUL than a mother is to her baby, HOLD on to the QUR’AN and the SUNNAH tightly. A guiding LIGHT, shining brightly ”
“Coldness is curse, Warmth is the cure.”
“Lifetime isn't measured in time, Lifetime is measured in kind.”
“Dear love, fight with me to show your love and fight with the world to prove your love.”
“Whatever experience you go through is necessary for you to know exactly how things are.”
“To be “matter of fact” about the world is to blunder into fantasy--and dull fantasy at that, as the real world is strange and wonderful.”
“A legacy, by definition, must matter to others, because a legacy is something you leave behind—you won’t be here anymore to think it’s important.”
“When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder.”
“Learn to recognize useless guides without getting sanctimonious about it. There are good reasons there are bad adults; be thankful you are ignorant of a great many of them.”
“Failing to recognize moments of great risk is like dancing in the dark. You may be on solid ground, or you may be twirling at the verge of a precipice—you don’t know.”
“You are not special, but you are unique.”
“You should neither attempt to justify a bad risk because it turned out well nor regret too much a good risk that turned out badly.”
“You must distinguish between a reality and mentality. You might find out that some of the problems or struggles don’t even exist. Your mind created them for you, and they are the ones blocking you from success. The way you see things or people might not be the reality. Might be your mind misleading you.You might be hating people for wrong reasons or no reasons at all. You might even change your life, character or lifestyle thinking you are this person, but to find out that you are not. The real enemy can be your mind not the people you think are of.”
“The way is simple, You are the difficulty.”
“In this world of interdependence, opposite emotions are also connected. As William Blake put it "joy and woe are woven fine". I know this because one of the reasons I love life is because I was once suicidal. I have sincerely known moments of content in my life for having gone through years of hell.”
“I now avoid trying to see myself as one thing or the other. I'm not a happy person or a sad person. I am not a calm person or a fearful person. I am a happy, sad, calm, fearful person. I let myself feel it all. And that way I am always open to new feelings.”
“Our Prophet ﷺ showed KINDNESS while he was treated with hostility, He showed LOVE and COMPASSION to everyone, even to his enemy. Sent by the MOST MERCIFUL to the world as a MERCY, He is the BEST of creation, the most noble man, Described by his wife as a WALKING QUR’AN. Follow his SUNNAH as best as you can ”
“Muhammad ﷺ is for us, an EXAMPLE and GUIDE, The GREATEST Prophet, in him we take pride. Spread GOODNESS wherever you go, but make sure, That in your heart, your intentions remain PURE. Take yourself to account, before you’re accounted for, So that in this life and the next, you’ll be successful forevermore.”
“All fame is is being known by people you don’t know, and what’s so great about that?”
“An essential part of figuring out who you are is taking your eyes off yourself and seeing everything that is not you.”
“A confused person, confuses everyone around them. When someone is lost. Whoever follows them becomes lost too. They find each other but they are lost together. Choose careful the people or leaders you follow. Choose carefully the people or friends you hang around with.”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden ”
“When People, Places, and or Things in Life Gives You Shit, Use It As Fertilizer For Your Garden”
“A man long enough sedated may no longer even realize he’s being sedated, or want to.”
“Sort it out Or work it out Or put up and shut up”
“If you are a passenger in life, then life will decide your destination. If you are the driver of your life, then you will decide its destination”
“You will be decided based on the decision you make.”
“Possibilities! In the loop of possibilities, There is always one reality, As you enter this cycle of possibilities, You unknowingly make a pact with eternity, To seek the new and to seek the original, And as you leave one loop only to enter another, You wonder what is fake and what is original, Because the loops are infinite and they hold this universe together, Where real is never obvious and fake is hidden too, And as you seek the real with your relentless prudence, You are cast in the dimensions fake and real too, Then to establish the reality is what defines that crescendo of prudence, And as ripples of time move over these loops of possibilities, You somehow segregate the unreal loops from the real, And in this intertwining net of possibilities, Now you, your thoughts, your desires are true and real, Whatever you seek now, seeks you as well, And the infinity breaks its endless loop, Because now you are part of eternity as well, Where you now can tell the fake from the original loop, Then the dimensions of the universe attain a singular state, Where universe is like a geometry with just one rule, That it is you who defines its every known and unknown state, And you become part of the reality integrated in every rule!”
“In the game of life, boundaries and rules are the playbook that empowers us to play strategically, adapt to challenges, and emerge as winners in our chosen fields.”
“If you are not traveling, you are living in a deep well, and you are not only unfamiliar with the beauty of different cultures and nature, but you also don't know the feeling of affinity with strangers.”
“Faith is a decision not to focus on your scars but on the finished works of the Messiah.”
“Faith is a decision to engage in warfare without any spear, only with the armour of God in your hand.”
“Faith is a decision to put aside what you think you know and pay attention to the God who knows what you do not know.”
“Faith is a fierce determination to accept in your heart that a great God exists, even if you have not seen Him with your eyes.”
“Faith is a gauge that measures how much you trust God. It is also a pump that fuels you up to trust Him more.”
“Faith is a litmus test of your relationship with God. It checks the condition of your heart and mind. Faith reflects how well, you know, love and honour your Maker.”
“Faith is a litmus test for your relationship with God. It checks the condition of your heart and mind. Faith reflects how well you know, love and honour your Maker.”
“Faith is a gauge that measures how much you trust God. It is also a pump that fuels you to trust Him more.”
“Faith is a loose translation of "God has done it before. I know He can do it again.”
“Faith is a personal decision to encounter the power of God in your life.”
“Faith is a preference not to wallow in pain but to find strength in a God so great.”
“Faith is a process whereby you hold on to God’s promises because you know that He will fulfil them.”
“Faith is a prudent decision to denounce a life of bondage and consent to a life of breakthroughs.”
“Faith is a prudent investment in your spiritual, emotional and physical well-being by following God’s will.”
“Faith is reverence for God as the only Author of Life.”
“Faith is a route taken to trust God’s process, even if you may not fully understand His plan.”
“Faith is a Spiritual act of applying an ancient process to solve contemporary problems.”
“Faith is a stance you take as you say, "I will trust God for my miracles, even in the face of obstacles.”
“Faith is a symbol of recognition of God’s protection over your life.”
“Faith is a unique weapon that helps you fight even the toughest battles in peace.”
“Faith is about letting God help you resist the enemy, set you free from captivity and keep you safe in the midst of adversity.”
“Faith is about recognizing that your life is in God’s hands and that in His hands there is greatness.”
“Faith is allowing yourself to see the invisible hand of God, changing the impossible into the possible.”
“Faith is an inclination to look at the storm and still look up to God, knowing that He has the authority to calm the storm.”
“Faith is being able to say, "Lord, with my canal eye, I do not see you, but with my heart, I believe in you.”
“Life doesn’t give you what you want. Life gives you what you fight for.”
“Happiness is not the absence of sorrow, happiness is the capacity to overcome sorrow.”
“Own your sorrow, own your tears - Own your angst, own your fears. These are not your enemy, Use 'em to empower integrity. We decide, they break or make us.”
“Be your own armor, Be your motivator. Your are the tide of impossible light, You are your carburetor.”
“All crowns come from "once upon a pain".”
“People who taste victory have failed more than anyone else.”
“We are, all of us, always being tested, my friend. Tests make us stronger, and strength is power, and power is the point. We must pass all the tests we face… Or die in the effort.”
“Bitter truth about money Money can't buy you everything. True !! But the whole needs of your life, bread, food, home, medicine, education—nobody gifts you your whole life, nor is it free. Money is not so important.Yeh, absolutely right. Ohhh but it's just controlling, ruling, and running the whole world. And every second of life depends on this unimportant thing. Every bad thing happens just because of money. Problems in relationships, problems in nature, proud behavior, right? HUMAN..Human is evil; he needs something to blame for all his crimes.Money is an object and an easy, soft target. What's important in life? Money or love? The answer is simple. Love inspired to build the Taj Mahal. and Money fulfilled the dream. After all, we must learn to be happy in situations where we are. God is with One Who knows patient”
“Trends are nothing but an idea or thought of a person or a group which is mentally imposed on your choice and strongly feeds into your brain. and force you to do something that which rules by someone. it doesn't matter if you're happy with it or not but you are following trends because your mind is controlled by others”
“You must make your own map of the world. Search out your own piece of sky and patch of earth, your own awning to sleep under when it is raining and it feels the sun may never shine again, for there will certainly be such days. No one can walk this path for you. You cannot simply follow in another's footsteps, as though life were a complicated dance, every turn and twist memorized and prepared for ahead of time. There are many things in the world you can inherit: money, land, power, a crown. But an adventure is not one of them; you must make your own journey.”
“We say "later", "later", until "later" becomes "too late" and all we can think of is "if only".”
“- Du får lära dig att en viss sorts tystnad säger mer än tomma ord.”
“- I verkligheten har vi bara ett val, ta chansen eller missa den.”
“Every spine holds a backbone, But peer pressure turns it into jello. Every body holds a conscientious being, But society conditions it to be callow.”
“Intentions are often hidden inside patterns of behavior. Time is a good indicator of patterns.”
“When self-preservation is not applied with discernment, it becomes the Devil’s tool or we can choose to take a chance on people after applying the lessons taught by Adversity’s storms. Let our triggers teach us.”
“Unavoidable pain for inevitable gain is supporting the preparation of the soul to love another in completeness of mind, body and heart by acknowledging that its process of transformation will not be unmarked by thorns.”
“Emotional availability is a must have ingredient for anything significant to grow and become. It requires a great deal of presence.”
“Experience is a harsh teacher but its lessons get tattooed into scars under our skin. Adversity is a master at disguises.”
“If you are paying money to see how other people are living. Then know that you are privileged.”
“Spend your money where you are appreciated.”
“Try to work on being okay with being a total reject, a freak, a wobbly little weirdo, a loser, a fine-ass hottie, and an ordinary everyday girl with all kinds of struggles. It’s okay. Try to remind yourself, every single day, that it’s you who decides if you’re happy or not, the real you, the current you, not the past you. And your happiness should definitely not be up to everybody else in this goddamn shitty, fucked-up world. Remember that things are always changing. Remember that love, even if it goes bad in the end, was still a good thing, because it came from you, out of who you are as a person. Remember that the good times, when they happen, are worth all the trouble. Remember that sadness and heartbreak, frustration and loss, even bitter, hopeless fucking tragedy, they’re all part of what makes a beautiful story. Just like flaws, freakiness, fuck-ups, and all your fallible character defects are all part of what makes a fantastic fucking you. Remember that making mistakes doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you a human being, somebody who’s just trying to get through this fucked up life, just like everybody else, and doesn’t know everything. Sometimes you screw up. Sometimes a fuck up ruins lives. But you’re only a bad person if you don’t learn anything from your mistakes, if you just keep going, like a bull in a China shop, hurting people over and over forever, never changing. Remember that you can still love yourself, even if you’ve made horrible, terrible mistakes, even if you’ve ruined people’s lives. You can still love who you are. You have to, or you won’t survive. Remember that the awful things people did to you do not define who you are. Your choices define who you are, and you never chose any of that shit. Remember that you’re not all alone in being a freak. Remember that you fucking rock.”
“When you are good person and you choose to do bad things, because you see other people doing them. It always ends badly for you. You will suffer the most, feel the pain , get injured & hurt the most. Choose to do what is right for you not what other people are doing.”
“People pity animals for their brief lives, but our life is a bigger tragedy since it is just long enough to make us believe it is worth worrying about.”
“People say video games are a waste of time, but how is a life spent for worldly success any different? When it’s game over, there is nothing to show but an old high score.”
“Haters, witches and wizards are always concern. They publicly act like they are concern or worried as if they really care. but what they are really doing is hating on another person and trying their best to destroy that persons life. They are very good in spreading misinformation and manipulating people.”
“When you walk, walk together.”
“In the journey of life, embracing change becomes a profound teacher. By accepting its presence, we open ourselves to growth, resilience, and the infinite potential that lies within transformation.”
“True awareness demands questioning the trends, refusing to conform, and embracing the power of individuality, while also acknowledging that those who choose to conform may often attract attention at times. It is up to you to chose which path your willing to sacrifice for!”
“I am quite satisfied with my position. The work I am doing is not of very much value, perhaps, but we all do what we can.”
“Tell me,” she interrupted, “are you quite sure that these friends of yours can be trusted?” “Quite sure. I know them personally, and have worked with them.” ”That is, they are members of the sect to which you belong? Forgive my scepticism, but I am always a little doubtful as to the accuracy of information received from secret societies. It seems to me that the habit⁠—” "Who told you I belonged to a 'sect'?" he interrupted sharply. “No one; I guessed it." "Ah!" He leaned back in his chair and looked at her, frowning. “Do you always guess people's private affairs?” he said after a moment. “Very often. I am rather observant, and have a habit of putting things together. I tell you that so that you may be careful when you don't want me to know a thing.”
“If this journey has taught me anything, it is that sometimes in life you have to stand up for what you believe in, and for what you feel in your gut. Sure, it can be scary, and it requires some courage at times, but worthwhile things never come easy. And the best things in life always require a ‘never say die’ attitude.”
“Judgment closes the doors of understanding, while analysis opens the windows of insight. The former dismisses, condemns, and separates, while the latter explores, comprehends, and connects. Let us choose the path of analysis over judgment, for it is through discernment and empathy that we foster true understanding and bridge the gaps between us”
“Faith is a belief that the impossible can be made possible by the God of all possibilities.”
“Faith is a counter effect of fear, doubt and worry. It removes everything that hinders you from achieving great things.”
“My job was simple: have faith through the storm, be determined in my actions, smart in my decisions, trusting of my instinct, and free from worrying about whether I succeeded or failed.”
“Goals are for winners - dreams are for losers.”
“Sometimes people will come into your life asking for your help, only for them to put you in a mess. Help yourself by all means; do not allow anyone’s mess to leave you in distress.”
“Sometimes the more you do good, the more tragedies you will experience in life, but you can sleep well at night knowing you have done your best to help others.”
“The quality of your thoughts determines how far you can go in life.”
“The splendour of life is often experienced after you have overcome the challenges in your path.”
“Things may not be going well in your life, but you are still alive. That is all that matters. Look for every opportunity possible to find happiness in your path.”
“This is life, figure out what needs to be done and do it right; that is how you live a fruitful life.”
“This is your only chance to give life your best shot. Do not miss it at all!”
“This life does not have a best friend. It only has voyagers who travel from their date of birth until their date of death.”
“Watching drama play out from afar could seem fun, but it can be very sad if it is in your life. Avoid any form of drama and stay away from those who fuel it with their lies.”
“Whatever you do, do it right. If it comes back to you later in life, you will be glad you did what was right.”
“When life seems hard, work hard to overcome those hardships. Yes, it may take a while for the breakthroughs to come to pass, but when you do what you must and do it right, one day you will be super proud.”
“When the right people walk into your life, the right things start to happen.”
“When you are surrounded by those who make life easy, you will enjoy it. But in the company of those who complicate things, life will not be easy.”
“When you compete with others in life, you miss the chance to complete your own race with grace.”
“When you feel all alone and in the dark, never give up. When the time is right, life will grant you great rewards.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are better than the old ones.”
“When you rewrite the story of your life, make sure the new chapters are much better than the old ones.”
“Work hard now so that in the evening of your life, you can still enjoy the sunrise.”
“You know you have mastered the art of life when you refuse to be the one who points fingers, and decide to be the one who helps find the right answers.”
“Your life is your business. Take care of it and treat it like serious business. Do not get too involved in other people’s businesses and neglect yours in the process.”
“It takes some time to succeed in life because true success is not just about the money, but also about the great lessons learned on the path to success.”
“1.	In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“In the journey of life, take every lesson you find from every person with a great deal of seriousness. Every person, good or bad, can teach you a lesson you never knew you needed. Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“The reason some people don't value you is because nobody values them.”
“They might pay you to vote for them, but having a wrong government in place. You pay it with your life.”
“We need to realize that we are under attack from the evil one, especially when we are doing the hard work of forgiving others or ourselves. We must not be naïve about Satan’s tactics. The devil will pull out all the stops to prevent forgiveness, because the evil one knows this is exactly what Jesus desires for us—and the evil one HATES Jesus.”
“La vida no es una historia que se cuente, De León. Es una historia que se vive. Lo bueno es que uno decide qué tipo de historia quiere vivir. Una de terror o de valor. Una de indulgencia o de obligación. La historia de un monstruo o la de un hombre.”
“You destroy your peace by loving the wrong person.”
“It is okay not to be okay when things are not okay in your life.”
“It is significant to look after yourself and your significant others. In the process, do away with the insignificant things in life.”
“When you are present, present is a gift - Oblivious to the present, present starts to drift.”
“Cameras are supposed to help you relive a moment, but if you never live the moment in the first place, because you are too busy taking pictures, how will you relive it!”
“Rigidity is the greatest impediment to growth.”
“Let all pride be drowned in the depth of tears, Let all pomp be crushed by the load of pain. Let all counterfeit self become distant memory, Let life be identified by your one chosen lane.”
“Self mastery is the greatest mastery.”
“It is vital to be useful in life because when you do not use your gifts, you become useless.”
“Learn to allow some chapters in your life to close so you can start new, beautiful chapters.”
“Learn to prohibit anything that hinders your progress in life.”
“Life is a one-way trip with no return ticket. Always remember that you are in transit.”
“Never desire someone else’s life. You have no clue what they have been through. You may also not fully understand what they are going through.”
“The essence of life is to live it, not as a competition but as a race. In this race, you can crawl, walk, or run the best way you deem fit, as long as you are moving forward.”
“Never let the tragedies of life transform you into a human tragedy.”
“No amount of wealth is worth your life. Never sell your soul in exchange for a fat cheque. Remember that you can only enjoy that wealth when you are alive.”
“No matter the difficulties you face, do not be a difficult person. Choose to make life easy for others.”
“Not everything will make sense in life; that does not mean you should accept nonsense.”
“One act of kindness can change or even save someone's life. Be kind to yourself and others!”
“Precious moments with precious people can help you realize how precious life can be.”
“Save your life. Stay away from people who do not like to see you smile.”
“Self-evaluation helps you identify areas that need attention in your life. So, make time to learn more about who you are.”
“Shortcuts can cut your life short. Avoid them at all costs.”
“Showing some people, the door when their time in your life is up is not a crime; it is a proactive stance to save your life.”
“Some things will feel too good to be true, but never feel bad about them because you also deserve good things in life.”
“The grand picture of life lies in the little moments.”
“Ominous though the night bring fright, Disastrous though the day might strike. Hand on chest, with spine unbent, Reformer walks as ray of right.”
“Make it your sole intention to be part of the solution. When you learn how to efficiently solve problems, you will attract many opportunities.”
“When brain stops, When heart stops, What is left of you? When eyes fail, When memory fails, What is left of you? When your last molecule has merged with nature, What is left of you? That's what you've really achieved - Testament to the fact that, there ever was a you.”
“Sometimes life will make you smile, and other times it will make you frown. Life has its ups and downs. Yours is to make every day count.”
“Sometimes life will require that you walk a million miles. Do it, no matter how hard it becomes. One day, you will look back and be proud that you were able to do that.”
“If you can endure the process and look back with a clear thought process, you will realize that some of life's best lessons came from a place where you were rejected.”
“In your life, there are things you never expected yet they happened. That is because they needed to happen for you to learn some necessary lessons.”
“Learn to be open-minded. Master the right lessons and do not ignore the red flags, for they can hinder your progress.”
“Life is a mandatory school for the living. Everyone is a learner because every day, life offers mandatory lessons.”
“Life offers many free lessons, but most people would rather pay the heavy price of ignorance because they cannot pay attention to the subtle lessons of life.”
“Life will always teach you good lessons and if you are a good learner, you will become wiser.”
“What distinguishes the wise from the unwise is their ability to embrace life’s distinctive lessons.”
“Know who you are; it will help you live a good life.”
“Life comes once. Live wisely.”
“Life is a one-way road with no reverse option, so live it with caution and avoid any commotion.”
“Life is a temporary trip through this world, so do not live as if you are a permanent resident.”
“Life is easy when you live among people who do not make things difficult for you.”
“Life is precious. Live your own life, love it and look after it.”
“Life will always have highs and lows. Learn to live triumphantly, no matter what happens.”
“Life will offer you a unique experience, so ensure you live each day without fear, doubt, or regret.”
“The best way to live a better life is to do your best while you still have breath.”
“Time will keep moving even after your life comes to an end. So, make sure you live well and leave a legacy that can outlast your time on earth.”
“As the grass withers with time, so does life fade away. That is why you need to make an impact while you still have a chance.”
“At every level of your life, you need to take a step forward, or else you will remain the same and be left behind.”
“Be ready to adjust in life because it can get bumpy at any time.”
“A combination of minutes makes one’s lifetime. Make sure that none of those counts as wasted time.”
“Even if life had happened the way you wanted, you would still be disgruntled because it is not what happens that makes you content but how you choose to react.”
“Even if you admire someone else’s life, do not desire it, for you do not know what they have gone through.”
“Even if you have the best mentors, you still have to go out and do the work. No one can do life on your behalf.”
“Fixate your eyes on things that can fix your life.”
“Harsh words spoken to you must not depict the end of your dreams. Use those words to energize you into doing something great. In life, champions are those who are not afraid to fly high, regardless of any attempt to pull them down.”
“If you can understand the basics of life, you are better than a person who complicates even the easiest things.”
“In life, some questions do not require you to get answers from outside. They need you to search on the inside.”
“In recent years, it has become increasingly difficult to digest some situations because of people who make assumptions about life's conditions based solely on screenshots, oblivious to what occurred before those screenshots.”
“It is hard to define life entirely, but what I know about life is that it will give you a chance to define yourself. So do your level best to put yourself out there.”
“Success in one area of life and failure in another can affect your stance on success. Aim to succeed in the key areas of life so you will not feel like a failure.”
“Your success in life will depend on whether or not you are willing to persevere and follow the necessary processes until you get there.”
“If you value your time, do not entertain anything that does not edify your life.”
“If you want a valuable life, ensure that whosoever is part of your inner circle protects your peace of mind and adds value in their own right.”
“Life can never be a dress rehearsal. It is real. Value your time and put no value on people or things that add no value to your life.”
“Look around. You will never find another person with your exact kind of life. Your path is unique. So, make sure that your thoughts, convictions and values enable you to add value.”
“No matter what happens in life, never underestimate your own value.”
“Not every treasure is treasured in life. A diamond is meaningless in the hands of a monkey, but a banana is. So, do not lose courage when others ill-treat you regardless of your value. Some people do not know how to value valuable things. Hence, they will never care about you.”
“Value your life. You have been given a rare chance to live; remember that no one else can have that life but you.”
“You should not deny yourself a profitable life by associating with people who add no value.”
“Your life is more valuable than all the precious stones in this world. Realize your own value and do something of value.”
“Beyond today, no one knows how life will turn out. So, while you can, celebrate the special moments.”
“Capture the best moments in life, and overlook the bad ones. Learn to celebrate life while you still have time.”
“Celebrate the present moment and never dwell on what happened in the past if you want to enjoy life.”
“Celebrate your life and remember that you were given a chance that many aborted babies were denied.”
“Do not get it twisted. Life will always have twists and turns. One way or another, your turn to celebrate or cry will come. Either way, live a joyful life!”
“It is not easy to forget those who touched your life in a special way. It is good to celebrate life’s heroes while they are still alive. Choose to appreciate the good things they have done.”
“Life is a beautiful journey filled with discoveries every single day. So, as you go through each day, find ways to celebrate life.”
“The most important thing in life is not to be a celebrity. It is to be able to celebrate life regardless of your status in society.”
“Be good to yourself and others. When you do that, you will be able to make a difference in life.”
“If you want to make a difference in life, do not be terrified of change. It will position you in a higher dimension.”
“Life is amazing, but its amazing wonders are hard to realize when others become atrocious. Wherever you are, choose to be good, do good, and make a difference.”
“Life will present you with different people, things and places. What matters is what you do with them in order to make a difference.”
“Make a meaningful difference in someone’s life. It is of paramount importance to them and you as well.”
“Not everyone was given a chance to be alive today. So, find happiness, enjoy your life and make a difference.”
“Things may get hard sometimes, but the most important thing is to make a difference in life.”
“Those who know why they are on earth do not mind making a difference in life because they know what others do not know–purpose.”
“When you do your due diligence to make a difference, you will live a life of elegance.”
“You can make a difference even with your silence. Life is not always about making unnecessary noise. What matters is what you do to make a difference.”
“Appreciate the lessons brought to you by the courtesy of life. Some came through sweat and blood, but significant for your path.”
“Life requires both discernment and wisdom because some people come to help solve problems, while others come to create more problems. Discernment will help you know them, and wisdom will help you know how to deal with them.”
“Look for the lessons life presents, because through them you can gain the knowledge and wisdom to live well.”
“Many situations in life will make you wise if you learn to glean wisdom from the littlest things.”
“When you embrace wisdom, it refines and redefines who you are in life.”
“Wisdom is the ability to close your eyes and open your mouth to ask God about His plans for your life.”
“Your life will take better shape if you are willing to find wisdom and have the courage to climb the highest mountains.”
“Do not sit back and let people make key plans on your behalf. Wake up and stand up for your life.”
“How far you will go in life depends on how far you are willing to learn, plan and implement the good lessons you have learned.”
“In this life, if you want to be in a league of your own, learn and plan to be your own cheerleader until you become a champion.”
“It is wise to plan effectively and do what is required in order to live a fruitful life.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing that no situation will last forever. No matter how hard it gets, plan to overcome and there will always be a way out.”
“Never give up on yourself, no matter what happens in life. When you follow God's plans for your life, one day you will be fine.”
“No matter how hard life is for you right now, never attempt to take your own life. Give life another chance. Have better plans for the remaining years you have and you will be amazed by how far you get.”
“Plan in advance to avoid unnecessary headaches in life.”
“Some delays are meant to preserve your life. So do not be weary when things do not go according to your plan.”
“Sometimes people will not comprehend your plans. Go ahead and implement them if God is on your side because in life, not everything you do will make sense to others.”
“When things fall apart after you have done your best, it does not mean you are a failure. Cherish your life, and let no one make you feel inferior. It only means things did not go according to plan, but you can still do better.”
“If disappointments from the past keep distracting you from moving forward in life, find better ways to overcome. Yes, disappointments will occur. Broken dreams will be real from time to time. But never, ever, ever, ever conclude your life based on your past. You can still prosper. Let go of your painful past. Do what sets your soul on fire and you will live a better life.”
“If it so happens that it rains so badly in life, do not feel ashamed when you get wet. Life is like that. You cannot control everything that happens. There will be moments when you feel completely broken. Hang in there; do not allow the pain to make you feel helpless. One day, you will ride on the wings of greatness.”
“Life was designed to be neither painful nor pain-free. You have to journey through it, irrespective of the pain or pleasures along the way.”
“Even if you have been through a painful past, do not dwell on that. What matters is that you are still alive. Bank on that and make your life count.”
“Life will not always be pain-free. But as painful as it can sometimes be, being alive can also be pleasing.”
“Sometimes, painful circumstances will find their way into your life. Be prepared for them and find ways to overcome them!”
“You will inevitably go through pain. Do not let it take your life down the drain. Do something of value, regardless of the pain and focus on the things you can still gain.”
“Success in life is possible if you allow yourself to learn, dare to be different and make a difference in the world.”
“If you always think of ways to succeed, you will find ways to succeed. In life, everything begins with how you think.”
“If you want a life of success, you should be ready to make the necessary sacrifices.”
“If you want success in your life, do not focus on what others are doing. Instead, focus on what you should be doing.”
“It is not always easy to go through life. Sometimes stuff happens and you face hard times, but you do not have to be hard on yourself. You can still do your best and become a great success.”
“On your way to success, you will occasionally meet those who are not impressed by what you do. Keep going; do not be bothered by their opinions. Life is not about impressing everyone. It is about having goals and actualizing them, whether others are impressed or unimpressed.”
“You may not have everything right now, but you can choose to make something out of your life.”
“From time to time, life will present you with an opportunity to make your mark. Learn to discern and choose to be different. It is when you do the things that help you stand out that you will be able to shine your light.”
“Change is imminent in life because yesterday will never be the same as today or tomorrow. So be ready to handle each day as it comes.”
“Depend not on human beings because they change time and again. People who were once close can become estranged. That is the strange thing about life, it changes right in front of your eyes.”
“Do not beat yourself up about the things you cannot change. It will make your life difficult. Take heart and take charge of what you need to change.”
“Find yourself in the right spaces, go places and make the necessary changes. Life is not only about where you have been. It is also about places you should see and people you should meet.”
“If you want to change your life, you must be willing to do two things that are critical. Firstly, change your mind and secondly, discard what does not produce the desired results.”
“Life can change at any time. That is why you need loved ones who can take care of you when things go south.”
“Change liberates and change elevates. If you want to live a life where you experience the greatest form of grace, live a life where you embrace change.”
“Sometimes change is what you need to do the things you never dared to do—to focus on big dreams and make them real.”
“In life, not all opportunities will come easily. Some will even seem as if they do not exist. But it is up to you to search for, find, and utilize them while time still allows.”
“Life will always offer you incredible opportunities to run your race. As you run that race, focus on your lane and not on your neighbours’ if you want to be great.”
“Life will present you with good opportunities. Seize them and experience a life of possibilities.”
“The older you get, the more you realize how short life can be. That is why you need to seize opportunities while they still exist.”
“There are endless opportunities in life; do not miss out. Be smart and put yourself to the task of looking them up.”
“Those who make it in life are those who seize opportunities, not those who are opportunists.”
“When good opportunities come in your life, it is not time to sit around. It is time to arise and utilize them so you can prosper.”
“While it is great to have equal opportunities in life, it is equally important to use those opportunities to make a difference in other people's lives.”
“A life of happiness requires you to get rid of any form of bitterness.”
“Be content with your uniqueness in this world and live a life of happiness.”
“Be kind, be happy and be wise. Refuse to be anyone’s playground in life. Embrace happiness wherever you are.”
“If you want to live a life of happiness, do not trust those who are full of empty promises.”
“Life happens! Just when you expect happiness, something tragic could happen. So, learn to accept any change of circumstance.”
“Life is great when you take charge of your happiness. If it happens that you lose it somewhere, go back and fetch it. Never leave behind your happiness, and never settle for a life of brokenness.”
“Life is too short to be unhappy. Disengage from anyone or anything that takes your happiness away.”
“Never allow sadness to engulf your life. Learn to live a life of happiness.”
“Play a role in securing happiness in your life and that of others. When you do that, you will experience leaps and bounds of happiness in life.”
“In life, it is wise to acknowledge that you do not know certain things. After all, no one knows everything.”
“In this life, do not take things lightly all the time. Have the wisdom to discern when things are serious.”
“Life offers various lessons, but it is your choice to take them or leave them. If you take those lessons, you will make your way into the world of wisdom.”
“Some people made it in life not because they attained the highest marks in class but because they chose to make their mark.”
“Sometimes waking up is not easy, but waking up is what makes life easy.”
“The earth’s surface is not smooth everywhere. Life is just like that; it is full of twists and turns.”
“The most progressive approach to life is to discuss ideas rather than people.”
“The noble thing about life is that, in different ways, it treats everyone the same.”
“The true meaning of life is known by the One who made mankind.”
“The wisdom to tackle the challenges of life differentiates extraordinary people from ordinary ones.”
“There is only one direction in life: forward and not backward.”
“There will be times when life seems unfair. But the fortunate thing is that it eventually demonstrates that it can be fair.”
“There’s no school of life where one can get certified. Yet it offers the same courses with a different set of tests for each person alive.”
“Those who stand up and do what is right. Those who shine their light so others can find the right path. Those who make life a little easier with their time, talent and treasure. deserve all the good things in life!”
“Doubt casts away the possibility of living a purposeful life. Cast it away!”
“It is not too late to turn a new page and write a good story of your life. There is more you can do if you do not keep your purpose out of sight.”
“Life grants each person a unique purpose to accomplish. You are here on earth for a reason; you just need to find it. If you cannot change the world, at least change yourself. Do something to make the world a better place.”
“Life is not on autopilot. You will have to stop, go forward, reverse, or park at times. But the best time is when you move forward. It is when you go places you were meant to go. When you go where no one else has ever dared to go. When you go, as if there is nothing else to stop you on the road, because each time you decide to go, it helps you discover more about your purpose.”
“Life is worthwhile when you walk on a path aligned with your purpose.”
“Life will grant you the opportunity to pursue your purpose. Be well-informed, seek wisdom and ensure that whatever you do is purpose-aligned.”
“The gift of life is too precious, do not live your life under the pressure of someone who misdirects you from your purpose.”
“When you honour the precepts of life, and fulfil your purpose, you will be delighted by its magnificence.”
“You can only realize the splendour of life if you are willing to fulfil your purpose while you still have time.”
“Endeavour to make the right choices in life. It will help you attract the right outcomes.”
“Life is what you make of it. It will not always give you what you want, but you can still choose what you want to become.”
“Life offers us an opportunity to live. Choose to live right and be a shining light.”
“Life will offer you an opportunity to make choices. You can choose greatness or insignificance, brightness or darkness, happiness or sadness. Whatever you choose, let it be your choice and not somebody else’s.”
“No matter what life throws your way, choose to be a much better person today than you were yesterday.”
“Some people come into your life to make it worthwhile, while others come to waste time. Choose the ones worth your while.”
“Some people will make your life seem like heaven; others will make it seem like hell. Choose to ignore the latter. Life is better when you are surrounded by angels.”
“Sometimes life will put you through tough times. Choose not to give up until you overcome.”
“When you choose to capture the best moments in life, life becomes a beautiful adventure.”
“You are only presented with one life, and you can either choose to make it better or worse. Choose wisely!”
“When other people’s lives are flourishing but yours is not, do not give up. Not all flowers bloom at the same time. Like a flower that blooms in summer, you will flourish if you persevere during the dry seasons of life.”
“In this life, we are here for a short while. How we will be remembered after that depends on how we treat others while alive.”
“Life happened as it has, so we could be what we had to be.”
“Life happens so we can become what we need to become.”
“Life is given to each one of us. In most cases, we choose how we want to navigate our individual paths.”
“Life is not about the absence of trials. They will somehow show up even if we did not commit any crime. The presence of trials helps us stand the test of time.”
“Life often finds a way of teaching us something, whether we are willing to learn or unwilling.”
“Life will not always be easy, but we can make it easy when we collectively choose to break the existing limits in our society.”
“Sometimes the tears we shed prepare us for the best life we could ever have.”
“Sometimes we are so caught up in the issues of life that we forget the point of departure. We are nothing but voyagers with limited time. We should live each day with a great sense of duty, knowing that one day we will account for this adventure.”
“The hardships of life can never be avoided completely. We must be ready to deal with whatsoever happens on this journey.”
“There will be fewer problems in life if we cease to entrust problematic people with the development of solutions.”
“We ought to preserve life with our all. It is a gift that can never be sold at any store.”
“Do not assume immortality.”
“Recognize the impermanence of life.”
“You will make less mistakes if you learn to learn from the mistakes of others.”
“Every step I took away from you took me closer to my better version.”
“Acknowledge the temporary nature of existence.”
“When someone points out something wrong. Instead of correcting it. We are choosing to compare it with other wrong things done before to justify it. That doesn’t make it right either. Instead, we are pointing two wrongs things that had been done that needs to be corrected. If something wrong was done by someone before and they got a way with it. It doesn’t justify you to do the wrong thing to. Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“Fame is a dangerous addictive drug . People lose their character, morals, principles, mind , manners, sanity just to have it.”
“Anyone can become great in life as long as they stop focusing on what they do not have and build on what they do have until their greatness is manifest.”
“Every chapter of life does not have to be funny; it does not have to be painful either.”
“Every human being deserves a better life; it is the inhumane ones who do not mind taking that better life away from others.”
“Genuine beauty never fades, even when the journey of life ends.”
“If life was so easy, it would not be worth living. It is the mountains and valleys that make life exciting.”
“It is risky not to take calculated risks in life.”
“No one has a perfect life; that is the bottom line.”
“No one has their life together, even if they do, it will not be forever. At some point in time, life happens to everyone.”
“Outstanding people are those who choose to stand up regardless of the setbacks in life.”
“Self-mastery is a significant skill for those who want a life of victory.”
“Pray for wisdom and discernment so you can know which places to go or avoid, which people to welcome or shun, because being wise can make a big difference in your life.”
“The One who gave you the gift of life knows that you are good enough. Do not ever doubt what you carry on the inside. Live the rest of your life maximizing your potential.”
“If you are objective enough to evaluate your journey through life, you will come to the right conclusions about who you are.”
“Life is a great journey. So, refuse to be idle and never let others drag you where you should not be going.”
“On this journey of life, never rely on assumptions; they can lead you to wrong conclusions.”
“Sometimes the journey of life can be hard to comprehend. It is like surfing; the best way to enjoy the waves is to study them, know them and experience them.”
“Sometimes the journey of life will be too hard, but that does not mean you will never overcome.”
“Sometimes, the journey of life can be difficult, but remember, this is your race to run; no one can do it on your behalf.”
“The journey of life is akin to being at a traffic light, where you have to deal with three signals. There will be times when you encounter the red light—just stop for a while; sometimes you will encounter the yellow light—wait for some time; and of course, when it is your turn for the green light—move to the other side. If you want your travel to be safer, never get these the other way around.”
“The journey of life is not easy, but the difficulties along the way make it interesting to navigate.”
“The journey of life is travelled by many, but only a few run in their lane because more people focus on what others are doing and where others are going instead of paying more attention to their own destinies.”
“Every living being is presented with the gift of life. It is up to each one to decide what to do with it while there is still time. Blessed are those who make theirs count.”
“Life is a precious gift, but not everyone can experience a fulfilling life. If you are fortunate enough to have one, be thankful for that.”
“Regardless of how you perceive it, life is the greatest gift every human being has ever received. Be cheerful about it, and cherish it.”
“No matter where you are, appreciate the gift of life. Find reasons to smile because there comes a time when it becomes impossible to see the sunrise.”
“The gift of life must not only be received, it must also be highly prized because it is precious.”
“Life is a gift which you will get a chance to unwrap each morning as you wake up. Therefore, be a good recipient of this gift. Use it to make an impact.”
“A bee will sting but still make honey. A rose will prick, but have a good scent. Life is like that, there will always be bad and good aspects. Yours is to focus on what is more important.”
“In life, God is like the director of a film. He knows when to change scenes. Do not just rewrite the script without consulting Him. It is crucial to listen to what He directs you to do in Spirit. That being said, remember that life is not a film. You cannot repeat or undo scenes. There will be no audience to watch all the time, but He will. So, whatever you do, do it knowing that He who is unseen is watching.”
“Life is like a colouring book. The drawings may be very standard, but you can choose to colour them in a manner that makes them stand out.”
“Life is like a garden. Nurture it and plant the right seeds so they can bear good fruits. Do not let anyone plant the wrong seeds in your life because you will harvest them.”
“Life is like a glass bowl—very fragile. Please handle it with utmost care because once it breaks, it will still have cracks even after glueing it together.”
“Life is like a river. It only moves in one direction—towards the ocean. Your life is also moving in one direction—towards the cemetery. Therefore, prepare enough for a triumphant exit.”
“Life is like a tree that provides shade. It is like the rain that waters the plants and the sunrise that makes people smile. It is such an amazing wonder.”
“Life is like driving on the road. You will sometimes encounter speed limits, speed bumps, speed cops, slippery roads and sharp curves. The road will not always be flat, regardless of the vehicle you drive. What is important is to arrive at the right destination despite the variations as you advance.”
“Life is like the vastness of the ocean; it reflects the workmanship of the Creator.”
“Most times, you will realize that value is relative. Just as the rain is convenient to a farmer and convenient to a hunter, so is life. Some will like you; others will loathe you. Some will applaud you; others will criticize you. Some will stand with you, others will backstab you. Learn to accept these realities, and you will not be fazed by unfavourable conditions.”
“Sometimes in life, you need opposers. Like the air pressure that fills up a flat tyre and enables it to perform at its best, such people can help accelerate your growth process if you do not allow them to hinder your success.”
“There comes a time in life when beauty has little or no value. That is why you should focus on what is more meaningful—invest in your brains. Do not allow beauty to deceive you; it fades, just like a magnificent building going up in flames.”
“When nighttime comes, it becomes dark—such is life. There won’t be sunshine all the time, learn to live with that.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want; until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times, and carving new paths.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your A-game.”
“Life may not seem fair; but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Life will always have its highs and lows. Do not just go with the flow. Learn to bloom, even when you are feeling low.”
“Life will always present one problem or another. If you cannot solve them, do not be shy about seeking help from others.”
“Life will always take you through various seasons. Learn to thrive in each season and come out ready to deal with any situation.”
“Life will always throw different situations at you, no matter who you are or where you are, but there is comfort in knowing those situations do not last forever. So, no matter how hard life gets, you can always bounce back.”
“Life will always throw in big demands, but you can meet them if you do not give up.”
“Life will constantly grant you an opportunity to learn. Use it well.”
“Life will always have oceans and forests, mountains and valleys, battles and victories. Let each experience shape you to be a better human.”
“Life will not always be easy, but the ups and downs make it amazing.”
“Life is not always easy, but when you believe, you will find ways to win.”
“Life will not present a clear path all the time. Ahead, it may get dark, yet you have to keep moving forward. Do not lose hope when you go through hard times, because eventually, you will find the light.”
“Life will offer you a chance to present your gifts to the world. It is up to you to grab that chance or live with regret.”
“Life will present you with great things after you have endured some gruesome tests.”
“Life will sometimes force you to sail through uncharted waters. Always use to your advantage, such life-changing encounters.”
“Life will sometimes require that you partner with others in order to access a larger piece of the pie. As you do that, always avoid those who do not realize that you also deserve good things in life.”
“Life will take you to places you have never been, let you meet people who pull your heartstrings and help you not to lose your rhythm.”
“Life becomes better when you keep these realities in mind. 1. Your days are numbered, 2. You are not better than anyone, and 3. You can’t just live anyhow.”
“Life without a clear vision can be frustrating. Do not jump on the bandwagon of those who do not know where they are going. Seek clarity on what you need to do in order to keep growing.”
“Life, unfortunately, does not offer VIP seats to people with a victim mentality. So, you either claim your victory or you continue to be the victim of circumstances.”
“When going through hard times, hold on tight until you overcome. With perseverance and God on your side, things will get better. Never give up on yourself, no matter how hard life becomes. One day, you will be fine.”
“Pray for discernment. It is quite significant because if you cannot discern, you will invite to your table the people meant to cause you torment.”
“Life is a loan which you will one day have to repay before God. Ensure that the day you repay it, you are met with rapturous applause.”
“Life is a series of many mysteries. Go out there and make great discoveries. The sweet caress of Mother Nature will help you experience God’s splendour.”
“As you live your life in this world, some burdens may be too much to bear. Sometimes those you expect to have your back will stab you in the back, but when you trust the God who is just and fair, you will find the courage to rise beyond the moments of despair.”
“Cherish the gift of life that you have been given. Trust that your Creator can do great things through you. Love yourself and be content with the life you have and you will become a magnet that attracts blessings from all corners of the earth.”
“The journey of life is not always smooth. Pray for the courage to continue, even when things get hard.”
“Life is so good when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is surely not a movie; do not live as if you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is too short to be fighting for what is not rightfully yours.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding and keep winning.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love.”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil. Learn to ignore the unsettling noise. Use the time you have to do more.”
“Life may not always be pleasant, but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Life may not always give you what you want, but do not give up on what you want until you realize you did all that was required.”
“Life may not always go your way, but you will always feel great when you bring your ‘A’ game.”
“Life may not seem fair, but it does give everyone a fair chance.”
“Life rewards those who espouse goodness. Do good, even if people are not good to you. You will ultimately feel good and enjoy the goodness of the seeds you planted.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes, and mind to what lies behind; so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it, and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage, and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers, or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives, focus on the positives.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times. and carving new paths.”
“Life is not black and white. There are many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision, and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground, it is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years or decades to be alive. Yet, for them it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Life is quite short, do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure; the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life is so good, when you are surrounded by good people.”
“Life is surely not a movie, do not live it as though you were acting. Be genuine.”
“Life is too short to be whining. Keep dreaming, keep grinding, and keep winning.”
“Life is very fragile. Surround yourself with those who exude genuine love!”
“Life is way too short. Cherish the days you have above the surface of the soil, learn to ignore the unsettling noise and use the time you have to do more.”
“Life may not always be pleasant but to find pleasure, you need to appreciate the good and refrain from always complaining about the bad.”
“Empathy begins with understanding life from another person’s perspective. Nobody has an objective experience of reality. It’s all through our own individual prisms.”
“Life is great when you choose to be grateful.”
“Life is hard when you are surrounded by people who think they are always right and never notice when you are right.”
“Life is magical, but you will never realize that magic around people who constantly pull you down.”
“Life is much better when you choose to capture the best moments.”
“Life can never be the same without those who have a special meaning to you, but if they choose to leave you along the way, learn to live without them and let sanity prevail.”
“Life is not a bowl of free custard and jelly. It can be a very challenging journey; be that as it may, find reasons to be jolly.”
“Life is not chewing gum. You have to accept the sweetness and the tastelessness.”
“Life is not a competition. Be content with what you have, and do not contend with anyone who seeks to compete with you.”
“Life is not a contest. Never compete with others if you want to be content.”
“Life is not a fantasy; it is a reality. Therefore, avoid any form of fallacy.”
“Choose to correct your mistakes rather than comparing it to others.”
“Life is not a movie, and that is why you must never tolerate actors who come in the name of love yet are filled with too many lies.”
“Life is not a series. It has no omnibus. Live it without worrying about the past. Do not relive it. Close your eyes and mind to what lies behind, so you can focus on the now.”
“Life is not a show. Do not put up any performances. Just live it and be willing to grow.”
“Life is not about competing with others. It is about running your race with courage and completing it in the right lane.”
“Life is not about the loud cheers or the pats on the back. It is about making an impact.”
“Life is not about the number of times your name shows up on a search engine. What matters is the number of times you touch another person’s life.”
“Life is not about what you have achieved in the past. It is about what you can achieve in your lifetime. There is always room to excel at your craft. So, make good use of your time.”
“Life is not all about the losses; it is also about the gains. It is not only about the wounds; it is also about wisdom. It is not just about sadness; it is also about happiness. Therefore, do not allow your mind to revisit the negatives; focus on the positives.”
“Life is not as easy as it sounds. It is about sailing troubled waters, navigating unprecedented times and carving new paths.”
“Life is not black and white. There are too many grey areas. That is why you need God to direct your paths.”
“Life is not easy, but when you put your mind to your vision and work hard to achieve it, many people will think you have it easy.”
“Life is not in any way guaranteed. With each minute that you get to live, be grateful for it.”
“Life is not just about putting your foot on the ground. It is about leaving a trail of footprints that create a long-lasting impact.”
“Life is perfect in the pictures, but when you look closely, you will notice plenty of imperfections. So even if you are not picture-perfect, never think your life is any less important.”
“Life is precious, so make it count. Many people on their deathbeds are bargaining for more seconds, minutes, hours, days, years, or decades to be alive. Yet, for them, it is time to go to the other side. Never waste the time you have now.”
“Life is quite short; do not cut it short by associating with those who make you feel small.”
“Life is short, but do not shorten it even further by taking shortcuts.”
“Life is short, but one thing is for sure: the life you have is yours, so give it your best shot.”
“Life can be so short. So, as each day passes by, do not forget that you are also passing by. Be wise with your time.”
“Life can be tricky, especially when surrounded by tricksters.”
“Life can be very short. Therefore, make the most of it, so you won’t spend the rest of your life in regret.”
“Life can coincidentally put you in a place you never wanted to see yourself. If that ever happens, pray and ask God for guidance.”
“Life ceases to be tough when you choose to be tough and not give up in tough times.”
“Life has challenges, but those challenges will challenge you to come out of your comfort zone. Once you are out of your comfort zone, you will enjoy real comfort later on.”
“Life has its ups and downs. When it feels hard and you find yourself in a corner, it may be even harder to make decisions. It is, therefore, important to seek divine help in making the right decisions because God can easily open the right doors when you follow the right steps.”
“Life has no friend, my friend. Treat it well.”
“Life has so many twists and turns. What is more significant is to live with gratitude rather than regrets; to live with enthusiasm and avoid any form of pessimism; to live by faith and realize that regardless of the circumstances, you can still attain greatness.”
“Life is a chance given to you to change the world. So, while you can, do your level best!”
“Life is about a constant flow of breaths, without which one is essentially dead. Therefore, learn to appreciate every breath you take.”
“Life is a great mystery that unfolds day by day. Be grateful for every step of the way.”
“Life is a mystery. Today you face the highest mountain; tomorrow you are beneath a rock somewhere in the valley. That is why you need to treat others with respect, for you never know where you will end up.”
“Life is a privilege. Learn the power of gratitude and life will never be the same.”
“Life is a race that you will get to run alone and sometimes with others in the form of a relay.”
“Life is a split second away from death. While you still have yours, live it to the fullest.”
“Life is a temporary journey on earth. Live it with the end in mind. Never leave anything undone until your last day on earth. You cannot suddenly run many miles per hour on your sickbed if you failed to do so while you were fit. Be responsible and purposeful with your life.”
“Life is always fair, both to those who are unfair and to those who are fair.”
“Life is amazing when there is progress. That is why you must strive to take steps that lead to success.”
“Life is an adventure whose experience is incredible when you focus on the bigger picture.”
“Life is beautiful when you choose to see its beauty amid ugly situations. Learn to see life’s beauty just as you see the beauty of a rose, despite its thorns.”
“Life is beautiful, but the most dreadful things can happen at any time. So, learn to embrace the beauty of life, no matter what.”
“Life is better when people choose to love one another, look after each other and laugh together.”
“Life is better when you treat it like an examination. In an examination, you do not just write anything based on how you feel; you are expected to answer the examiner's questions.”
“Life is easy, but sometimes people complicate it by trying to complicate the lives of others.”
“Life is easy. If you hate complications, do not complicate other people's lives.”
“Life is fair. What makes it unfair are human beings who subject others to unfair treatment.”
“Life will allow you to meet cruel people at some point. When the unexpected happens, learn to be strong.”
“Life is good when you know that you were born for a reason—a good reason, for that matter. It does not matter what happens. The most important thing is that you were born to make an impact.”
“Life is good, but sometimes you can go through bad times. When bad times show up in your path, choose to remain good to others.”
“You can’t keep on top of the world for ever.”
“How beautiful and how ugly someone is depends on our mindset”
“Isn't it nice when you've outgrown the ideas of what life should be and you can enjoy what it is?”
“One of the many lessons she’d been taught at Quantico was to live by her training, to do what was known to work for a thousand times a thousand other lawmen, but also to recognize when by-the-book would result in a eulogy and a postmortem commendation, and then to trust the intuition that was truer than anything learned.”
“Ain't there nothing sapiens can't do, Ain't no mountain sapiens can't climb. Ain't no darkness sapiens can't conquer, Ain't no division sapiens can't undivide.”
“Ego is the worst Master. Humility, the best teacher.”
“To whom you wish good for, he is the first person with whom you should fight for.”
“Except birth, the rest of our life is a deadly affair.”
“There is no point in wasting away over what could’ve, should’ve been, because one cannot go back to find out the answer. We can only move forward, and make the best of the path we tread.”
“And I have a choice. Either to become a selfish man like a Demon or to remain a good Man.”
“Unspoken lessons are easily missed or misunderstood, and help unoffered is its own imposition.”
“When answering life's big questions, it doesn’t even matter what you say your answers are; what matters is what you do.”
“My best teachers showed me respect by refusing to share in my low expectations.”
“A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it.”
“The alternative to a posture of humble gratitude is one of entitlement, which produces thanklessness toward your own blessings and envy toward the blessings of others.”
“It’s not fair!” is the mantra not of the poor and oppressed but of the rich and spoiled. The poor and oppressed of the world don’t pout, “It’s not fair!”—they know the world too well to dare.”
“You and I enjoy a measure of freedom few have ever known, and it was not our blood that purchased it.”
“There are people around the world who would risk their lives, who are currently risking their lives, for a tiny fraction of the opportunity you have obtained simply by virtue of having been born here and not there. You have been given a precious gift. Do not squander it.”
“What right do I have to the blessings I’ve received? None. They are not a right—they are a gift.”
“We can allow life’s tragedies to make us bitter and resentful, or we can see them as tests of our character and humility, allowing them to make us ever thankful, not only for a life but for this very life—for my life and your life.”
“A goal is not the same thing as a wish. A goal is something you work toward; a wish is something you hope will happen to you.”
“What discouraged me most from the goals of my youth were not my failures but my successes, that they proved so hollow.”
“Worthy goals are always hard.”
“Goals are, by definition, linked to sacrifices. A goal is a focus, and one cannot have a focus without excluding that which is outside that focus.”
“Your identity is formed in part by your past, but only in part, and not the most important part. Your past is merely a starting point.”
“Your aim has the power to turn every good into an evil or every evil into a good. Through it you interpret your past, give purpose to your present, and cast a vision for your future.”
“Only by making your legacy your aim can you summon the courage to act with conviction in the moment, whatever that moment may bring.”
“Every person have bow down to someone in life..”
“You have to bow down for getting stable in hard situations..”
“Our obsession of being accepted by others has turned us into a society that has No shame . No love. No remorse . No morals. No role models. No direction. No rules. No laws. No gender . No culture. No religion. No respect of others and for ourselves. Mostly we have No boundaries. That is why the things are the way they are now.”
“Look, the clock is ticking. Life is too short. Too precious to reinvent the wheel or squander your potential.”
“Become smooth like water, for getting passed from every conditions ”
“True business is that which give hapiness to both giver and taker..”
“Nothing is yours, except your karma's..”
“Don't make fun, when anyone hurts..”
“When you feel intolerable, leave that place immediately..”
“We are born to pay our early debts..”
“You can't make anyone happy always.. So do your best without caring about people..”
“If you feel alone in society, then don't feel down because topper always one in whole class..”
“Don't be pride.. Nothing will remains same..”
“Detachment is necessary to get peace..”
“Those who can't build, destroy.”
“ Menurutku tidak semua orang harus menikahi orang yang dicintainya, tidak semua orang harus mendapatkan pekerjaan yang sesuai untuknya, atau menjadi orang yang selalu dia inginkan. Kau harus selalu ingat kalau, bahkan dalam buku cerita, setelah 'akhir yang bahagia', semua tokoh harus meneruskan hidup mereka. 'Akhir yang bahagia' itu cuma fase, dan ia akan segera berakhir.”
“you get nailed, when become straight.. But if you crooked, then will put in garbage bin..”
“Be positive, even with bad people also. It either may convert them to good one or will give you blessings by heart..”
“Blessings always pay..”
“Pain always feel by mind not by injuries..”
“Broken Heart can't be repairs ,but can get healed..”
“Value can be changed ,but nature can't..”
“Come on, we only get one chance at life. This isn't a dress rehearsal.”
“Over hardness break you easily..”
“Because the harshest truth, the truth that's been there all the while, is that the worst thing you can ever imagine happening ? Some days it actually does.”
“Unanswered questions leave more room for possibilities. -Maybe/Maybe Not Dying Girl”
“ now I understand that if I'm forced to accept the positively worst things imaginable can actually happen  it means I have no choice but to also believe the best possible things can. And I am here for those. We all are.”
“Have rest before start a long journey..”
“You don't live while breathe, you live while enjoys”
“Man cannot do any work alone,”
“There is definitely someone above everyone.”
“You can never rise by letting someone down”
“No one live alone”
“If she gave yo now, without confronting Hal, it would all have been for nothing. He would continue to live in a world without consequences, a world where men like him hurt girls like her, then shook them off like they were dust underneath their shoes ..”
“Life belongs to those who are counted among the living. So, be conscious at all times and make yours count.”
“Life will teach you to be kind if you are the kind who loves to learn.”
“Life has no dress rehearsal. What you do now cannot be undone. Learn to do things right.”
“Life is made up of many beautiful experiences, which you will experience often if you do not dwell on the conveniences.”
“Life can be boring if you do nothing exciting with your time.”
“Life has a lot of good people, but it also has cruel people. Regardless of how you are treated, never settle for being cruel in an attempt to avenge. Do whatever it takes to break the chain of wickedness.”
“Life can be demanding, and it is more demanding when you are the one always helping others, yet no one comes through when you go through hard times.”
“Life can be hard sometimes. When the journey gets tough, refuse to give up. Hold on until you rise.”
“Life can be so good, especially when surrounded by genuine people who stand for the truth.”
“Pretending to be happy will make you more sad.”
“My motto is that you can’t always control what happens to you in life, but you can control your reaction.”
“Till the Time 'Homosapiens' was based on Survival - "Fitness" was the only Wealth Humans Needed, and it was Time' when Eco-System wasn't effected by Creatures. "The Golden Era of Evolution ”
“There are good and bad leaders and there are good and bad people. It is much worse when a bad leader is also a bad person.”
“You may think your achievements, Are the crown of your life. But it's your failures, That make you shine bright.”
“Life is but a laughing matter, Better die laughing than live crying.”
“Life is a matter of shared liberty.”
“Accepting mistakes and yet repeating them is worse than making mistakes.”
“It's easy to lie. It's hard to cover it up.”
“In everything, You must do what is right for you , because those you thought they care. Might be the ones indirectly fighting you .The ones who are plotting against you and the ones who are setting you up for failure. Most people if not all don’t really care if they are not benefiting from you.”
“Embracing pain, chaos and failure is hard, Empowering the weak is a process, Evolving from your own past is a journey! Let's celebrate the path of endurance with patience, focus and smile!”
“Most people are who they are because of fear. They had changed their character, personality, behavior and their being because they fear something or someone.”
“Sometimes yuh gotta love even when it don't make sense.”
“After all it's not until something worse comes along that we can look back and realize we had something good all along. If only we hadn't been so foolish as to miss it at the time.”
“Trouble is, molding yourself is hard enough; molding others is even harder.”
“We all claim that we don't lie. Isn't it? But that's the biggest lie. The truth is we all lie in life. Some people lie to protect their life. Some people lie to protect others. I also lied to protect someone, and what followed was a suffocation of hiding something from someone who meant a lot to me. Trust me, the sooner you learn, the better it is for you that even if your intentions are good, it is still a lie. So be a little selfish, don't think about anyone. Just think about yourself, and you'll never have to make stories to cover your lie.”
“Somethings cant be recovered but can be changed..”
“Worst situations are best time to judge yourselves..”
“Nothing going to be wasted, which you do..”
“Situations make you ugly or beautiful..”
“It used to be that a ready man was left alone but in our fast paced world of prosperity and pride, and affluence and ease, men have become base and dogpile to tear down to their depths rather than exalt and extol. This is what has always becomes of a Godless people. They become a cult of debauchery who seeks to destroy the named heretics that opposes them.”
“What we must ask ourselves and our schools is what is the purpose of school? In their book, The FourthTurning, Strouss & Howe, remind us of the historical fact that we repeat history. That means that for the next generation we live in an entrepreneurial universe. If we, by that I mean, our schools aren't teaching those skills that an entrepreneur requires to succeed what use are they?”
“If you want to be what you are not, you must do that which you have not heretofore done!”
“Life is a seed and seeds must be buried to grow.”
“Life is our pilgrimage to get to our heavenly home.”
“When you argue with an idiot, there are two idiots.”
“If you let someone disrespect you, you don't respect yourself.”
“At some point in life you lose interest in new devices, new clothes, new trends - and it dawns on you, what's really important in life, is people. That's when you really start living.”
“Forgive those who deserve it, not just those your heart desires.”
“It seemed an important lesson for a young person. It wasn't only the angry people that should make one wary. The jolly ones could be even more dangerous.”
“Our almosts are God's way of letting us know there is something more to our life— and it's about to surpass what you've asked for, even greater than what you've desired before. Have faith.”
“When all are eager for the sun to rise, I grab the night and conjure up dawn. Leave no corner of mindland unharvested, Struggle isn't over till gloom turns to morn.”
“Life is made up of many moments. When you repeatedly botch those moments, eventually there is a price to pay”
“In a world preponderantly bestrided by inconsiderate ‎and narcissistic personages, a candid creature can be ‎deftly swindled for all intents and purposes by the ‎disingenuous crocodiles. So, always be critical of analysing ‎homo sapiens antecedent to getting acquainted owing to ‎the verity that even poisons have a sweet flavour. ‎”
“You're not meant to understand everything and why it had to transpire the way that it did. The best thing that you can do is to extract the lessons from it and move forward with this new wisdom. Which will, in turn, help you attract experiences that are more aligned with what you desire and deserve.”
“Life is about finding the chewy center inside all the hard”
“Be careful that the small things you say they don’t matter don’t destroy you. Most of Microwave appliance are destroyed and not working today because of cockroaches.”
“Do not underestimate anything, no matter how small. Everything exists for a reason, and nothing is too small.”
“How I handle myself is how you treat me.”
“One may never know the value of what one possesses, unless and until they’re deprived of it.”
“I think it is possible to start again, don't you? Life, I mean. It cannot possibly be intended that we simply acquire experience upon experience like a lot of excess baggage to carry about with us until we stagger into middle age and old age beneath the impossible weight of it all. We must, as we grow older and wiser, be able to allow all the  all the pain to seep out of our bones and souls so that we can start again.”
“Sometimes the saddest stories are hidden behind the brightest smiles.”
“I exist when we exist.”
“When someone can get away with doing evil things, it's scary. When they can get away with doing evil and convince you they aren't in the same breath? That's terrifying.”
“To look at the past with pride is a luxury not many people have.”
“To find something new, you have to leave something old.”
“  the Trappist world appeals to me as a model of wisdom so infitesimally is the day divided among different occupations. The man who keeps rabbits, for example, hurries from his hutches to the chapel, or the chapter-room, or the refectory, all day long: every hour he has an office to sing, a duty to perform; from two, when he rises in the dark, till eight, when he returns to receive the comforting gift of sleep, he is upon his feet and occupied with manifold and changing business. I know many persons, worth several thousands in the year, who are not so fortunate in the disposal of their lives  We speak of hardships, but the true hardship is to be a dull fool, and permitted to mismanage life in our own dull and foolish manner.”
“It's not the circumstances. It's how you circumvent.”
“Do families turn their backs over emotions or acts? Turn their back over emotional acts? Do they fall in emotional traps? Do it transpire into emotional collapse?”
“A man who does not know his weaknesses will never understand his strength.”
“Observe and revel in the place and time you are in.”
“Work should be about finding the daily lesson in one's self as well as providing one's daily bread.”
“Be a believer in possibilities. Even in the dark, see the opportunities. Cast your gaze beyond the shadows.”
“You owe no one explanation of why you do what you do. Especially those who ask not to help but to judge you.”
“Your decisions are not yours, if the acceptance of another person affects them.”
“Not accepting your flaws is your biggest flaw.”
“Choose not to be intimidated by people on social media, because those who can fake it better are considered the real ones. Choose to do your own thing no matter what, because that is not only a real thing, but it is your reality.”
“Sometimes, diverse circumstances can shift the perception of a person's reality.”
“Since everything you want to do lays in front of you doesn't it make sense to plan for that/your future?”
“There's a 100% chance you'll retire so you'd better prepare/save for it.”
“You should not sacrifice your retirement savings for daily living.”
“The only thing more powerful than a man with a gun is a man with a book. A book can change a mind, a gun can only silence it.”
“Getting paid before you get paid is not a good financial policy.”
“A mind can be bound by ignorance and youth, not open to the wisdom it encounters.”
“A book is proof that there is life after death. Each time a book is read a tree smiles and knows there is life after death! If you don’t believe me, you’ve never read a great book.”
“Since our education system only teaches “their facts” who will teach them the truth and how to think?”
“Power is useless without boundaries and the self-discipline to use it.”
“You can't go through life with a button on your rapier!”
“You can only rise to your highest possible failure.”
“Life is not a cosmic vending machine where you put in your two cents and get what you want when you want it. Life is more like the seasons or the ebb and flow of the tides. We prepare or react to what comes and we are molded and strengthened or shriveled and embittered.”
“The nature of man is pessimistic. So, if you are acting pessimistically you should know you're not acting as God would have you act. Become optimistic.”
“We know the cure. But people would rather take a pill than exercise their faith and do the work.”
“For the death of others is it’s life.”
“We've been convinced that having an option is essential even if there is no evidence to form one on.”
“We are left torpid by the classroom. Stripped of the holy dignity given by the finger of God. Never to rise to the mere potential of greatness as promised in holy writ and seen in the lives of fervent believers. Only because we believe man not God.”
“Words are oxygen to the brain.”
“We now live in the times where, “My feelings don’t care about your facts,” we do whatever we want to do not what is best to do.”
“Man is ever searching for Galt's gulch. But never looking to his own hand for financial salvation.”
“There is perversion of reality and there is rejection of reality.”
“Google can bring you 1,000,000 answers. An education can give you the right answer.”
“Kardeş kardeşle bütün olur. Kardeş en çok kardeşine düşman olur.”
“Anyway, everybody gets something and nobody gets everything, and that's the way it is.”
“But progress means getting nearer to the place where you want to be. And if you have taken a wrong turning, then to go forward does not get you any nearer. If you are on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; and in that case the man who turns back the soonest is the most progressive man.”
“A good Marriage is always a subtle for a single dime”
“It's not that you were not able to understand. It's only that I failed to understand how you preferred to understand. (From Ramesh Sood's Relashuns to Relashines - an amazon book)”
“The way you hate me is the motivation for me to strive for my betterment & advancement so that I love you the most in the way that flow as compensatory enthusiasm within my blood.”
“Hate me in such a way that transforms me to someone where it gets proved I delicately longed for a full fledged wrong person.”
“कभी कभी मन उदास हो जाता है पर समय को देखकर आगे बड़ना ही सही होता है पर एक दिन वो समय को हासिल करके रहूंगी”
“ان الله لايعطي اصعب المعارك الى لاقوى جنوده”
“A broken heart is the ultimate lesson in life. The pain we go through is a detox that is necessary not only to overcome the trauma but to refine and re establish our worth our boundaries and our happiness from within.”
“Those who love you, will love you despite your occasional cockups. Those who hate you, will hate you despite your evident triumphs.”
“When working on relationships, it’s not that the other person’s issues don’t exist, it’s just that ours are the only ones that we ever have any ability to fix.”
“Sometimes you must banish the thought before it’s safe to live in the mind.”
“I've finally come to the realization that I can't keep putting others before myself. It's time for me to take control and reshape my life. I'm tired of feeling like I'm dying while trying to take care of everyone else. It's time to say no to that shit and put myself first for once. Honestly, it's about damn time.”
“You’re always going to have people who aren’t happy for your success, but only you control how you respond to it.”
“When things around you are going south, north, east and west just accept it and work on the nearest destination.”
“Ten seconds, that's all it takes for life to throw you a curveball.”
“Build yourself a life or a career where you can afford to sleep peaceful at night.”
“I think life is beautiful no matter what anyone else says. They criticize the rainbow too, don’t they?”
“There is no person more intimate than the person who makes you feel good.”
“The problem we are giving sick people wrong attention. We should be giving them help instead of giving them attention. That is why we have a sick society. Everyone is doing weird things or acting weird to get attention.”
“If you have less and that [less] is good for you, It's is way better than the (more) you have but actually you don't.”
“Talent is at least half luck We are lucky in our parents, teachers, experience, circumstances, friends, times, physical and mental endowment, or we are not.”
“In this life I've learned, that I had to 'SEE' myself to truly be seen.”
“Sharing my uniquely funny true stories with a twist is cathartic, and helps me figure life out. You really can’t make this stuff up.”
“When you love someone too much, you become destructive to them.”
“You're likely to learn more in tough times, unlike in good times.”
“Step out of the picture frames, into the sunlit pastors of life. How long will you worship the painting, isn't it time to take the scenic hike!”
“When the aristocracy catches a cold, the working class dies pneumonia.”
“You know the feeling when your Life gets a little bleak, not because of anything lacking but perhaps because of the overwhelming nature of Life itself. When you realise that your soul feels everything so deeply that your mind has found an escape route by shutting the nerves of your heart. And then you realise, your heart is too strong and it could never be stopped from feeling all that is passing you by, plainly the most beautiful emotions that this world abhors. Pain. Grief. Melancholy of the deepest kind. An agony that has no reason at all. Or perhaps there is, only your clever mind knows a way to not let the reason meet your eyes. And in that moment, that fraction of a moment, you choke in your soul and ask your heart why does it beat yet another moment, and then you hear a voice, a slim voice that's always been pushing you to that corner of mad infinite deepness of human cosmos, because you are here to do good, despite all that happens to you, especially for all that happens to you, because your pain is never your weakness but the brightest light that tells you how to remove the pain from every passerby. Your mind gets shocked and your heart doesn't know what to do, so they numb your soul and yet a tiny flicker somewhere screams through the weak tired frame of your bleak existence, asking you to spread that light even to the last of your breath. And then when you open your eyes, a line comes by, All the good you do, will come back one day, they said. Keep it, I said. Love & Light, always - Debatrayee”
“The purpose of our life is twofold: to abide by the laws of the Universe, and to awaken spiritually.”
“I really like playing my guitars. Y’know, they don’t call it working my guitars, right?”
“Sometimes, we forget that we are made of flesh, so everything ends like this sadness drowning in the river and looking around! Everything acts as nothing happened, even these birds who saw everything act as nothing happened; they just settled back in the trees.”
“The Divine is revealing itself to us every day. All we have to do is pay attention.”
“Ignorance is bliss, Knowledge is pain. To know is to grow, To grow is inconvenient.”
“Our journey has not been easy, but it has been worth it. By facing our own traumas and biases, we have been able to better understand and love the diverse world around us.”
“Adoption has been both a challenging and rewarding experience for our family. By embracing open adoption, we have been able to honor and celebrate the birth families of our children while also providing a loving home for them.”
“The stubborn outwit the humility of patients while the gentle outbrings the perfections of wisdom”
“The stubborn outwit the humility of patience while the gentle outbrings the perfections of wisdom”
“The One who does not avoid most extremes is of all cost”
“Nurturing empathy in our relationships is a lifelong endeavor, one that requires continuous practice, reflection, and growth.”
“Those who rest when they need to work will work when they need to rest. Do your bit when it is most rewarding.”
“High ego is often the side-effect of low self-esteem.”
“There’s a great joy in living a life others rarely understand.”
“We all have cracks. Parts of our journey that weren’t easy, that may at one point make us feel ugly or less than, and yet those moments are now part of us, and we have the power to learn from them. Appreciate them.”
“No person should live in fear In the country they were born in.”
“Life is a gift. Don't take it for granted.”
“The pain of a broken relationship is better than the pain of suffering every day in a relationship.”
“Figure out how you wanna die, life will take care of itself.”
“मनातल्या मनातल्या मनात  .. मनातल्या मनातल्या मनात राहतो मी एक एकच्या अनेक विचारांच्या घरात, जे करावे ते न करायला, जे न करावे ते करायला का रे, असं जनु ढग नसताना होई पवसाचा फवारा किती तरी, होवुनी मनी दुःखी तरी, देवा ! दाखवतो मि हसीत खुशी. हसीत खुशीत झाला मनाचा त्याग.. का रे, असं वाटेत आलेल्या किती तरी विचारांचा कुठे होई थांब. थांब न मिळे कुठे ही जिथे मन करे तिथे ही. मनातल्या मनातल्या मनात. दामोधर ल वंजारी __Damodhar L. Vanjari”
“Sometimes life’s most important moments begin with the casting of a seed, a small, uncertain act whose full significance becomes apparent only much later.”
“Life owes you nothing. It is a gift given without promises.”
“Give me some sunshine, Give me some rain! Why the hell am I asking you, When I'm the steward of my own reign!”
“Being a Good Person Doesn’t get you Loved, it gets you used.”
“No one is sorry for how they’ve treated you. They will only show remorse after you gain the power to ruin their lives.”
“That's life for you, doesn't always happen the way you want or expect. Actually half the time you get thrown something even better than what you think.”
“She told me that you get to have only one true love, and once you've found it, whether you kept it or lost it, you'd never recover Accepting that was the hardest part.”
“We often think happiness comes from the situations in our lives, when it actually comes from the way we choose to relate to the situations in our lives.”
“Most of the bad things happening started as a joke. Then It was game over. Think about this every time when you are busy laughing at the foolish things , you should be reprimanding, because tomorrow you will be crying about the very same things you are laughing at now.”
“The world only exists in your mind.”
“Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.”
“Since she’d started teaching and become a mother, she’d felt old, but that night, she realized she wasn’t old at all. You couldn’t be old and still be wrong about as many things as she’d been wrong about, and it was a kind of immaturity to call yourself old before you were.”
“We are unreasonable reasonable people. Measured of the excess. We frequent madness and chaos without quite melting into it. A hunger for life always ends up bringing us back to the light.”
“Man does not live only for himself.”
“ऐसा अंतर्मुखी और उत्सुक कि उसका आकलन लोग दो विपरीत तरीके से करते - आधे लोग कहते, ये बोलता ही नहीं है। बाक़ी कहते, ये कितना ज्यादा बोलता है! ”
“Intentos de registrar la vida misma, pensó, de inmortalizar alguna de las escenas efímeras de cada día, de pintar los objetos cotidianos con ternura e intimidad: el café sucio con sus espejos carcomidos, como si hubiesen disparado sobre ellos; los percheros curvos; los mármoles manchados bajo la luz amarillenta; las veredas mojadas; una anciana que bosteza. Ternura e intimidad. También sentimentalismo, se dijo. Porque, ¿acaso no soy culpable de hacer que la fealdad resulte encantadora? Un velo de melancolía inglesa empezó a cubrir todo lo que pintaba, hasta que se volvió elegante y nostálgica, condescendiente, completamente desprovista de ferocidad, de brutalidad, de violencia. ¿Acaso en el centro de la tierra, en el corazón de la vida, aun en el interior de los hechos más cotidianos no hay violencia, fuego, agitación, dolor, caos?”
“Half-truth creates chaos. Full truth leads to peace.”
“Sometimes having everything is not everything.”
“People continue to cheat in relationships when they know their partner's love is blind for them.”
“Hype always kills the real and genuine thing. They say fake it until you make it and those who are faking it are the ones that are always selected over the ones who are really doing it.”
“A happy past with someone who isn't a part of your present doesn't let you move toward the future.”
“Your dreams need to be like weeds, But your passion should be like seeds”
“Don't be deceived .People know very well what they are doing. They only act as victims when their intensions and plan had failed.”
“If you want attention or engagement on social media. Say anything about men or to men. The word men is used as a trigger these days.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain it to pretend like nothing happen.”
“The biggest pain is not what happened to me or what I am feeling, but the biggest pain is to pretend like nothing happen.”
“The sad thing is people I am fighting for to have a good life. They are fighting me to have a bad life. They are the ones who are responsible for my bad life.”
“A person that treats you nicely and disrespects the waiter is not a nice person. Stay away from people like that and most importantly: Don’t be like that.”
“I live never greed, world! nothing here mine, never purchased this sky, not any of these many land”
“One default item of success is risk, those who take the risk will get the dish”
“The most interesting journey, conversations, and life, always end prematurely.”
“Live as if you will die tomorrow. Love as if they will die tomorrow.”
“People who don’t want to take accountability and responsibility. They always choose to blame everyone for everything, but themselves. It is always someone’s fault not their own decision making. They always see themselves as victims. They never learn life lessons. They end up become a problem and having Indefinite problems in their lives. To void that choose to be accountable and responsible for your actions.”
“I learn more from my students and clients than I teach them”
“When it hurts, observe, life is trying to teach you something.”
“When I bring my lunch from home, I save both money and calories”
“Until politicians experience what you are experiencing or go through what you are going through. They don't care and would never come up with solution or do something to help. It is not their problem and it does not affect them.”
“Giving back is as good for you as it is for those you are helping, because giving gives you purpose. When you have a purpose-driven life, you’re a happier person.”
“In this world, there will always be truths that will be covered. There will always be wrongdoings that we need to right ourselves.”
“Being single and alone is nice, until you are sick or hurt and there is no one to check upon you.”
“There is no greater inspiration to a life than finding and following its valuable path.”
“It's hard to build momentum if you're dividing your attention.”
“Just promise me you'll stop every once in a while and acknowledge the day, honey. It's the only one you'll have until tomorrow.”
“Life is full of moments, some big and wondrous, some small and quiet…but none are ordinary.”
“Any moment has the possibility to be the climax of your story, and if you live with that perspective, well, life is simply extraordinary.”
“There are some things in life we simply cannot explain.”
“Had i known is always at last”
“Cherish those Who Sincerely Love You, and never let loneliness become your constant companion”
“The real power lies in being able to focus”
“Don’t use your own gauge to measure the world. You’re always trying too hard to get to the answer in a straight line.”
“Letting go of painful memories warms up the body, mind, and spirit”
“  and to find the light in darkness, the darkness in light, and the balance of both worlds is what makes life worth living!”
“Everyone makes mistake.. Type of mistake gives the perspective of Seriousness.”
“Tahu bahwa kebaikan itu ada turut membantumu hidup. Apa yang akan terjadi bila kita beranggapan bahwa yang ada cuma kejahatan dan kebejatan?”
“excellence is in Nature, nurture your Excellence”
“Being kind is the greatest thing that costs nothing, but it is everything to the person who receives it.”
“Knowledge is not only a source of power but also a tool for growth and success.”
“What is the point of you? What is your worth? And by worth I am not talking about your financial value, I am talking about something much more significant than that. So, I ask again - what is your worth? And you won't find the answer in any scripture or church - you won't find it even in this book. Because no external power can give you the answer to something so incredibly existential in nature. If you want to know your worth, ask yourself, what are you without your bank account. The worth of a person lies in character. The same goes for a nation and the same goes for a world. Therefore, a nation's worth lies not in the value of its currency, but in the character of its people. And it all begins with the individual - it all begins with you. Your character holds not just the worth of your own life, but that of the lives of your people as well. So, feel like it's the feeling of your society and act like it's the action of your society. But mark you, here I do not mean, feeling and acting like the society, rather, I am asking you to feel, think and act as an original, brave and conscientious human being, so that you become the very emblem of humanhood in front of others, for them to draw their life’s inspiration from. Doing what the society wants, makes you a second hand human - wanting the society to do what you want, makes you a narcissistic bigot - but being an embodiment of humanhood without any expectation from others, is what makes you a sentient human.”
“We are all here to fill a purpose”
“Avoid excuses, you have the responsibility of making your dreams a reality.”
“We all need love and support from others”
“People will bring trash to you if you are an open container”.”
“I’m cool with those people who don’t give a fock about me, they are not going to hate on you, “it’s those muthafockas who don’t like you; it is better to pay attention to”. -MillYentei”
“Thy thoughts have become imbecilic, to think life has no value, a meaningless mind has no reason for existence. -MillYentei”
“To be called wrong without being heard is a victory.”
“One of the best achievements of life is having friends who become family.”
“Don't make a mess of relationships. It will mess up your life.”
“If your words are kind but your actions are cruel, then you are just a manipulator.”
“My hustle doesn’t define me. The reason for my hustle does.”
“La empatía es la venta a pérdidas de las emociones. Termina compensando con el tiempo.”
“They do not care about the truth. They care to fulfill their idea… They cover themselves and those they want to cover and enguilt their opponents. This is not fair. The system should change towards fairness not interests… No one can protect us from the lies.”
“Life is like a cup; what drips out of it depends on what you have filled it with.”
“FAILURE ALWAYS STANDS IN OUR WAY, BUT WE HAVE TO MOVE FORWARD WITHOUT ANY FEAR; THAT'S THE WAY SUCCESS COMES”
“When I take my eyes off the goal, I can only see the obstacles”
“God, why give Wings for the angels, but feet for people? . ''You were born to dream, you were born to love''. ''Give me wine. Give me bread, Lift me higher! Lift me higher! From this sphere of earthly dross, redeem me from the clay!”
“Mountains fall and seas divide and impossible things may seem but where there’s despair there is and faith and where there’s sadness the consolation is near. Every breath is a chance to reborn, but to be reborn you have to die before dying”
“In every fallen star, in every fallen tear, in every courageou s heart love lead truth through fear is the reason we breath. So live out loud let your voice rise let it soar through clouds let it break the sky to show we are united.”
“We smile, we cry, we win, we lose, now, strong wind and, after, a friendly breeze hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, we come, and we go, we departure from the world, In this little part of infinity that we live Amidst Birth and Death, acrobats”
“There is a land where skies no clouded regions know; where they know not the sorrows of time and no shadows fall to blight the view nor pain nor sickness nor distress there, death, the last enemy, is slain there those who meet shall part no more”
“I loved the love and i still love of it, because it's a light break in endless darkness, the lake that awaits you on the desert, the rose that cannot wither, the warm nest of birds. Love, between hello and goodbye we never are alone.”
“No saint, no sinner, no angel, no demon look to the sky, look at the ground between the two, In the middle is us. now, strong wind and after, a friendly breeze, hard rain and little drizzles, burning rays of sun and cool moonlight, amidst Birth and Death, acrobats.”
“When I was a kid, I had a passion too. It was poetry but I knew becoming a poet wouldn’t put food on the table. The fact that I couldn’t do anything about it made me miserable. It made me despise the world. It made me despise life.”
“It's ok to be friends with old enemies, but never be friends with someone who claims to be your well-wisher but disrespects you. Avoid such friends like a poison pot with milk on its rim (near the mouth of the pot).”
“People are waves. They come and they go. And no two waves are alike.”
“True love doesn't make you aggressive and insecure it makes you peaceful.”
“You must see what He sees. Not the view of the mortal, but a glorious world washed clean in magical light and dazzling with colour. You must copy in miniature the world He has drawn. One where everything is carefully chosen, the profusion of nature simplified, men and women incomparably beautiful, everything as precious and perfect as He willed them to be . The artist is closest of all to the Creator.”
“Could you imagine what a salmon would say if you asked it about its life? We think our lives are miserable? If only a salmon could speak. This fish spends half of its life swimming upstream, only to reach a body of water where either a bear catches it or it lays eggs only to die right afterward. What are we complaining about then? A salmon does what a salmon does. It doesn’t complain.”
“Focusing on positivity alone doesn't leave much room for the full range of emotions that enrich the human experience (and make having a connection with others possible).”
“Finding loyalty in love has become difficult, Love itself has lost its true essence.”
“Cheating and loyalty can't exist together in a relationship.”
“In weak moments today, don't do anything that will make you look weaker in the future.”
“Destiny doesn't instruct you to hurt people. Don't blame destiny for your wrong actions.”
“When you respect people more than they deserve, they stop respecting you.”
“They are all trapped into setting innocents aside due to reality gaps of "logic" of the crowd and letting guilty rise… Reality poses obstacles to fair and just people with injustice and unfairness and abuse. The incompetent reign and those who have true worth are set aside.”
“Why are you fighting me, to accept you the way you are ? When you are faking, acting and pretending the way you are to me.”
“I used to believe in happy endings,” the answer followed, spoken in perfect Therian, surprising Alison. “The way every person out there is given with greater cause and deserves happiness. But one person I met told me their theory. I don’t completely agree, but  some of us are just a little stone in an enormous wall, existing just to help push or inspire others.” After taking another bottle, she stroked her cheek and pulled away. “The man will look at the poor stranger and decide not to be him. Some of us suffer just to give an opportunity for others to be happy. If my existence makes someone happy in the future, it’s okay.”
“See every good-bye as a thank you.”
“Behold the folly of arrogance, selfishness, and pride— for in the end, to dust we shall all reside.”
“Bow humbly to the truth of life when you see it clearly, otherwise life in its power will bring you to your knees and break your vanity.”
“Peace is not the answer to every question, nor is it the solution to all problems، Peace is the meaning that gives everything its true, clearly visible meaning . peace don't treat your sadness to change it to happiness , peace make you see the meaning of your sadness , and Through this insight, you will smile in the middle of your sadness , and you will find out how to heal yourself . and you will stand again, with peace State , with new Attitude, which is waiting eagerly for all the waves of life to embrace them with love and peace.And you are sure, that in the depth of these waves, you will pick up the pearls of life for yourself . Because Who is afraid of diving into the depths of the sea , He will not find pearls , Who is afraid of climbing mountains , It will always be in the pits. Only peace gives a vision of everything in its true sense .”
“You stand to gain more when you forgive.”
“You were not created to live an average life. Forgive others.”
“You will always meet two kinds of people—those who put you through good times and those who put you through bad times. What you must do is forgive, even if you have been put through the worst.”
“Do not be desperate for attention from others. Pay attention to the things you need to let go of. Forgive!”
“Do not be left behind because of unforgiveness. Forgive and let everything that pulls you backwards remain in the past.”
“Do not count how many times you have forgiven others. Count how many times God has forgiven you thus far. Then you will realize that forgiveness is being given an unmerited second chance.”
“Do not delay your victory. Forgive!”
“Do not deny yourself a pleasant life. Forgive!”
“Do not endorse the plans of the enemy. Forgive!”
“Do not entertain evil. Let it go and forgive.”
“Do not live in pain. Forgive!”
“Do not please the enemy. Forgive!”
“Do not stress about those who cause you distress. Forgive them!”
“Do not walk around carrying other people’s baggage. Forgive!”
“Put the enemy under your feet. Forgive!”
“Imagine how great life would be if we knew how to forgive ourselves for the hurt, we put ourselves through.”
“Sometimes, we do not forgive people because we feel entitled to hold on to a grudge. Yet we forget that we owe ourselves a happy life.”
“When we pray for forgiveness, we must not forget to forgive others in the process.”
“The wise person does not become involved in the multiplication of things, knowing that all phenomena are like a dream, an illusion, a bubble, and a shadow.”
“If you want to win in 2023, sow a good seed, conquer the urge to be seen, work on what is within and grow a thick skin.”
“The only thing standing between you and a simpler life is the willingness to change.”
“You are the author of your own complications, and you can be the author of your own simplicity.”
“The key to a simple life is to prioritize what matters most.”
“Redeneren wordt je dood. Het is overleven op intuitie of anders niet. Geloof me, bij een leven als dit moet je niet te lang stilstaan.”
“The right words can change your whole world!”
“One day, you will meet someone who will love you for all of the things you once felt ashamed of. So respect your traits, your characteristics. Respect yourself as you are.”
“There is no WRONG reaction that can correct a WRONG situation.”
“When the knowledge was available free of cost, then the value of that knowledge was not seen, the wheel of life moved ahead and time left behind, then the value of that knowledge was understood.”
“Recognise that 'unlearning' is the highest form of 'learning”
“Don't get stuck on little things until you get to your destination”
“Forgive, even if it is hard. It will give you better rewards.”
“Forgive, even when it is hard. The more you learn to forgive, the easier it will always be.”
“It is not wrong to forgive the one who wronged you.”
“Let go of everything that was meant to destroy you – forgive.”
“Let go of what keeps pulling you back. Forgive!”
“Let them do what they want to do. Do what you must. Forgive.”
“Letting go is better than languishing in sorrow because you are hurt by people who are not even sorry. Forgive them and let them go.”
“No one can ever forgive anyone on your behalf; you must do so on your own.”
“Put feelings aside. Put the past behind you and put your happiness first. Forgive!”
“Some miracles can only happen when you choose to forgive.”
“Some will feel as if they owe you no apology, forgive them nonetheless. Remember, it is not about how they feel; it is about how you feel when you forgive.”
“Forgiveness will make you feel better. Be courageous and forgive!”
“Sometimes, forgiveness is the key you need to unlock many miracles in life.”
“Sometimes, people may insult you because of what they have been through. Forgive them!”
“Sometimes, you must surprise yourself and forgive those who do not even deserve it.”
“Stand on your feet and stand up for yourself. Forgive!”
“The enemy will always use people to push his mandate. Therefore, make it your mandate to forgive them. Some people can hurt you under the influence of the evil one, not because they are necessarily evil. The enemy will attack you sometimes using people you least expect. Hence, you should always be forgiving, because some people are just ignorant messengers of the enemy.”
“The process of inner healing begins when you forgive.”
“There is no other way to have a happy life than to forgive those who hurt you in the past.”
“They may call you names and do the most horrible things to you, but you do not have to focus on that. Forgive them and look at the brighter side of life.”
“They may hurt you and wrongfully accuse you, but what you must do is excuse yourself from doing what is wrong. Forgive!”
“To flourish, you need to focus, forgive and follow the right path.”
“Victorious people are forgiving people. If you want a life of victory, you must forgive.”
“When people lash at you with vitriol, show them that you are a victor. Forgive!”
“You can never run a race by only talking about it; it is the same with forgiveness. Until you forgive, you have not forgiven.”
“You can only move on when you forgive and let go.”
“You can only win if you are quick to forgive and willing to focus on your healing.”
“You cannot force people to forgive you, but you can choose to forgive those who did not do you right.”
“You need to do justice by forgiving others, even if they were unjust to you.”
“You need to understand that forgiveness is for yourself and no one else. Choose forgiveness.”
“Some do not need open-heart surgery. They just need to open their hearts and forgive.”
“Some people may be sick from holding grudges. All they need to do is forgive and be fine.”
“Some sicknesses can be eliminated if bitterness is eradicated and forgiveness is appreciated.”
“Sometimes, people do not realize the power of forgiveness. That is why they walk around carrying bitterness, which hurts them in the end.”
“Sometimes, people walk around with many problems, some of which can be easily resolved if they choose to forgive.”
“The lack of forgiveness can make matters worse. Learn to forgive while you can.”
“The main goal of forgiveness is not to make anyone look weak. It is to help someone be free.”
“The one who opts to forgive will never be bitter but will emerge a victor.”
“The way to a great life is to let go of grudges and forgive.”
“There is a lot of unhappiness in the life of a person who lacks forgiveness.”
“True victory is gotten when the one who was meant to be a victim chooses to forgive.”
“Where there is an obstruction to forgiveness, the enemy succeeds in the mission of destruction.”
“Where there is no forgiveness, there is no self-improvement.”
“If everyone treated you right, you would not know your true worth in life. Your true worth is fully understood when you are able to stand, even after you have gone through the worst. That is why forgiveness is so important.”
“If you cannot forgive others, what makes you think you deserve forgiveness?”
“If you desire inner peace, you need to get rid of what depletes it. First and foremost, you need to forgive. Then you can find peace.”
“If you desire to win big in life, forgive others.”
“If you do not forgive, you will continue to live in bondage while those who wronged you continue to live in peace.”
“If you think you must wait for an apology to forgive, you may not have that chance. Just forgive and find the peace you need.”
“If you want a well to be clean, you must frequently draw out the dirty water. When you forgive, you are like a person who keeps a well clean.”
“If you want to heal for real, forgive.”
“If you want to live a good life, make forgiveness a great deal in your life.”
“A happier, healthier you starts when you decide to forgive.”
“Behind the hurtful words, there could be a hurting person. That is why you need to listen carefully and act wisely. Never let any hurtful language stand in your way to happiness. Forgive!”
“Do yourself a favour and forgive!”
“Forget about the person who hurt you. Remember why you need to forgive.”
“Forgive even those who do not feel sorry for their actions. You are not doing it for them but for yourself.”
“Forgive so you can forget the past and move forward.”
“Forgive them so you can forget what they put you through.”
“Forgive those who wronged you, but do not forget the lessons they taught you.”
“If you need peace of mind, never mind what people do to you. Mind what you need to do for yourself. Forgive them and do good for your own sake.”
“Know what you are worth and what is not worth your peace of mind. Forgive!”
“Never go to bed with the enemy at the back of your mind. Forgive!”
“Teach your heart to forgive every day. It will help your mind to find peace always.”
“Mental unrest is a result of unforgiveness. If you want some rest, you need to forgive first.”
“The value of forgiveness must never be underestimated. It unlocks the doors that were closed by unforgiveness.”
“There is a form of injustice people often put themselves through, which is unforgiveness. Unless a person decides to forgive, they will constantly expose themselves to injustice.”
“Unforgiveness is like a virus. To survive, it needs a receptor. Forgive and you will not give it a chance.”
“Unforgiveness is like a weed that stops a beautiful flower from growing as it should.”
“Unforgiveness is like weeds; your seeds will not thrive until you remove those weeds. Forgive, and you will flourish.”
“When you are weak, forgive. When you are broken, forgive. When you are betrayed, forgive. Forgiveness is the only way you can find strength and peace. Unforgiveness will cause you to relinquish power to the enemy.”
“When you forgive, it does not mean you have to go to the people who hurt you. It simply means you acknowledge the offence and do not want to live the rest of your life in the pain of unforgiveness.”
“When you forgive, you break free from the shackles of unforgiveness.”
“A heart that does not know how to forgive often lacks peace.”
“Be brave and forgive people while they are alive; do not take hatred to the grave.”
“Forgiveness is a non-scientific and non-invasive therapy used to numb the pain one has been through.”
“Forgiveness is a step taken to access breakthroughs with ease. He who forgives benefits from that deed.”
“In a world where people see revenge as an ultimate accomplishment, choose to be forgiving.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, bitterness takes precedence and where there is bitterness, there is an absence of abundance.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, happiness also becomes absent.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, the offended become oppressed.”
“In the presence of forgiveness, liberty reigns.”
“To realize you were wrong and to be willing to change is a lifetime achievement.”
“Hurting and hating yourself won’t help your situation. Seek help and reach out.”
“It is better to forgive than not have peace.”
“It takes a lot of grace, prayer and understanding to forgive.”
“Oftentimes, revenge feels like the easiest thing, but it complicates even the easiest things.”
“Peace is the direct result of forgiveness.”
“People walk around feeling empty inside because they have allowed their hearts to be filled with bitterness instead of forgiveness.”
“Some breakthroughs are limited by the barriers created by a lack of forgiveness.”
“Forgiveness removes all the ugliness of unforgiveness you’re your heart.”
“Forgiveness will give you a peaceful mind and a joyful heart.”
“Free your heart, save your soul and protect yourself. Forgive!”
“If forgiveness is forbidden in your heart, forget about living a peaceful life.”
“In the absence of forgiveness, the heart suffers.”
“It does not take much to forgive. All it takes is a willing heart. Take it one step at a time, and forgive until you are fine.”
“It is beneficial not to harbour grudges in your heart.”
“It is not right to imprison your own heart. That is why you need to forgive all the time.”
“It takes a forgiving heart to live a fulfilling life.”
“It takes a strong and willing heart to forgive. When you forgive, you will live in peace.”
“Peace never lacks in a heart that forgives others.”
“When you do not forgive, you create a room in your heart to bear grudges. Grudges are like weed. Nothing good will ever grow when they are there.”
“You cannot afford to be held ransom by your own heart. Forgive!”
“Your broken heart will never heal until you seek peace and forgive.”
“Your heart will not stop bleeding until you start forgiving.”
“A forgiving heart, peace of mind, and a beautiful life are enough.”
“A strong desire for a peace of mind will encourage you to forgive.”
“Have a serious talk with your mind and teach it to tell the heart to forgive.”
“Do not feed your mind with any negativity. Teach your heart the art of forgiveness.”
“Forgiveness happens when you choose to be obedient to the needs of your heart while you become disobedient to the negative instructions of your mind.”
“Forgiveness has nothing to do with the person who hurt you. It has everything to do with your peace of mind.”
“Anything that necessitates human interpretation is susceptible to errors.”
“I want to be on the right side of history when our contributions are scrutinized 1,000 years from now.”
“Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop.”
“Do not hold on to the pain. Let it go and you will experience a significant change. Forgive!”
“Forgiveness is about rebuilding a better relationship between your mind, body and soul.”
“Forgiveness is training your mind not to think about people who do not belong in your heart.”
“Forgiveness requires a willing heart and a determined mind to let go of what happened in the past.”
“Forgiveness will ease your mind from tension and your heart from trauma.”
“Forgiveness will enable you to keep your mind busy with the things you should be busy with.”
“Which is easier, to forgive even when it is not easy, or not to forgive at the expense of your peace? Take time to think about this and prioritise better results for your life.”
“You deserve a constant wave of inner peace, but you can only attain it if you forgive.”
“You want peace, don’t you? If yes, then do the right thing and forgive.”
“Forgive even those who hate to see you happy. Show them how free and happy you are.”
“Forgiveness frees you from the chains of grudges. When you choose to forgive, you have chosen freedom indeed.”
“Forgiveness does not mean you subscribe to foolishness. It simply means you aspire to live a life of freedom and peacefulness.”
“Forgiveness is when you give yourself the power to be freed from the trap of unforgiveness.”
“Free yourself from any hurt. Forgive and never look back!”
“If you want to be free, forgive!”
“It will hurt you to realize that people who wronged you have moved on with their lives as if nothing happened, but it will please you to know that forgiveness sets you free and empower you to move on as well.”
“The courage to forgive often comes from the willingness to live a life of freedom.”
“Sometimes those whom offended you will look at you and wonder how you do it, not knowing you are free because you chose to forgive.”
“Vengeance will make you feel like you are in control for some time. Yet, the truth is that it makes someone else control you for as long as you hold on to a grudge. If you want more control and total freedom, choose forgiveness.”
“Do not fail yourself by holding on to grudges. Forgive others.”
“Do not take your need for peace for granted. Do not bear grudges. Forgive!”
“Forgiveness can open doors that were closed by grudges.”
“Forgiveness is a daily task. It is refusing to go to bed every day with a grudge.”
“If you want to be made whole, forgive and do not hold grudges.”
“Live a life of gratitude and forgive even those who have a negative attitude towards you. When you have no room for grudges and follow the path of forgiveness, great things will gravitate towards you.”
“Sometimes, people do evil against you because that is what they know best. So, there is no need to bear grudges against them. Just forgive them and let God deal with them.”
“Do not keep your heart in an unclean space; forgive and let go of every bitterness.”
“A forgiving heart can never run out of love.”
“A heart may be broken too many times, but it will still heal as if nothing happened because a heart that forgives undergoes the process of renewal.”
“It is not easy to forgive, but it is also difficult to live with a heavy heart. As difficult as it is to forgive, you need to do it. Choose forgiveness so you can find peace.”
“Forgiveness happens when you allow your heart to not hold on too long to the wrongs that happened in the past.”
“Forgiveness is a non-invasive procedure to heal your heart.”
“Forgiveness is about letting go of everything that is not good for your heart.”
“Forgiveness is an emotional band-aid for a bleeding heart.”
“Forgiveness is not lip service. It is a constant effort to provide good service to your heart by getting rid of toxins caused by grudges.”
“Forgiveness is the ability to let go of the hurt caused to you and let peace fill your heart.”
“Never welcome bitterness into your heart. Allow forgiveness to reign in your life.”
“Do not go back to re-live the pain. Release yourself from that pain. Forgive!”
“Do not hold on to the pain. Let it go and your will experience a significant change. Forgive!”
“Even though you were exposed to pain, do not continue exposing yourself to it. Forgive and heal.”
“Forgive and let go of any pain caused by others. Fill your heart with love and live a fulfilling life.”
“Forgiveness is not a means to discredit the legitimacy of your pain. It is a means of crediting you for what you are worth. You are worth more. Hence, forgive more instead of settling any score. When you forgive more, you will live a peaceful life and that is how you win more and more.”
“Forgiveness is the power to eliminate any fear that comes with the painful past.”
“Forgiveness is when you refuse to allow your past to be a constant reminder of the pain you once endured.”
“Forgiveness rids you of the pain and powerlessness caused by the offender and the offence.”
“Betrayal can cause you a lot of pain, but the worst form of pain is the one harboured in your heart due to unforgiveness. Choose forgiveness and tranquilly in life; it yields better results.”
“Let go of any pain inflicted upon you, intentionally or unintentionally. Forgive completely.”
“Pain is part of the process as you walk through the corridors of this world. If not inflicted by one person, it will be inflicted by another, or even worse, by yourself. You cannot avoid that fact. As long as you live, you will somehow be subjected to pain. That is why you need to learn to forgive so that you will not dwell in the pain of unforgiveness.”
“Sometimes, people may not be aware that they have caused you pain. So, if you do not forgive them, you will walk around carrying a grudge against those who think they are innocent.”
“The pain you have been going through is legitimate, but enduring pain from unforgiveness is illegitimate. Forgive and find peace in such an amazing way.”
“To live a pain-free life, is to forgive those who caused you pain.”
“When pain is inflicted on you, do not dwell in the self-inflicted misery of unforgiveness. Forgive!”
“You will never forget that painful past if you do not forgive in your heart.”
“Be in charge of your inner peace. Take a step towards forgiveness and you will win.”
“Even if people push you to hate them, do not give in. Take control of your heart and forgive. It is when you forgive that you will experience inner peace.”
“Pay the price required for a peaceful life. Make forgiveness part of your daily life.”
“Find a reason to forgive for the sake of your inner peace.”
“Forgive so that you can be at peace and be set free.”
“Forgive, even if it makes you seem foolish. Forgiveness opens doors to countless blessings and endless peace. Do it with the understanding that God will reward you with great things.”
“Forgiveness does not invalidate the pain. It only validates your need for peace. Forgive and enjoy a life of peace.”
“Forgiveness is about looking at the person who is unworthy of any pardon and taking away what they tried to take from you—your peace of mind.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to let a person who is not sorry for their wrongs take away your inner peace.”
“Some will not be pleased to see you win. Some will do whatever it takes to cause you pain from week to week. Do not let them get away with it. Forgive and find peace from within. Let God take the wheel and you will win.”
“No matter how unforgivable the offence may be, forgive so you can live in peace.”
“Unforgiveness strips you of the peace you need. Forgive and enjoy a life of peace.”
“Unforgiveness keeps you far from joy and tricks you out of a fruitful life. Make that choice to forgive once and for all.”
“Humble yourself and forgive your enemies. Then watch God elevate you to humble your enemies.”
“If Jesus could forgive those who crucified Him on the cross, then let the cross be a reminder of how possible it is to forgive.”
“Jesus paid our debt on the cross. He taught us the matchless power of forgiveness.”
“No matter how much you pray, you will always feel empty if you cannot forgive those who trespass against you.”
“No one deserves God’s forgiveness. Yet He forgives us because, to Him, forgiveness is a strong demonstration of divine love.”
“Pray for a forgiving heart. Forgiving people helps you experience the fullness of life.”
“Pray for the spirit of forgiveness because forgiveness enables you to realize that you are bigger and better than the offence.”
“Sometimes, it will not be easy to forgive with your strength or on your own. Ask for divine help.”
“Sometimes, you must keep quiet and watch God answer for you. Do not hold a grudge. Be strong enough to forgive others.”
“Sometimes it is hard to forgive, but when you look at the life of Christ, you realize the power of forgiveness.”
“There is a reason why God wants us to forgive. Forgiveness is a good thing.”
“To stay sane, you need to forgive the same way Christ did.”
“When Christ was crucified on the cross, He came across men and women who did what was gross. Yet He chose to forgive them and soldiered on. That is the whole point. Christ wanted to teach us that to be true victors, we must overcome the shallowness of unforgiveness.”
“When you understand God’s grace, you will understand forgiveness, because you will realize that others need grace in the same way you do.”
“You cannot be a vessel that carries God’s presence if you do not allow forgiveness to take precedence in your life.”
“Learn to forgive those who put you through hard times. It may be difficult, but find the strength to do it. Do it, do it now and do it courageously. It will make your life so much easier.”
“Learn to forgive yourself and others so that you can let go of what keeps weighing you down.”
“Learn to forgive yourself first for not being able to forgive others easily, and then ask God to give you a forgiving heart.”
“Learn to forgive even when it does not feel easy. Forgiveness allows you to feel at ease.”
“Learn to forgive. Even if you get lessons in forgiveness, you still have to do it yourself. If you are willing to learn this not-so-easy process, you will feel different.”
“Look after your heart by learning to banish any form of unforgiveness from your life.”
“No matter how much it hurts, you ought to learn the art of forgiveness. It is better than keeping a grudge, which is quite useless and hinders your healing process.”
“Do not forfeit your right to a peaceful life because of bitterness. Embrace the life of forgiveness.”
“Yearn for forgiveness. Do not give bitterness any residence in your heart, regardless.”
“Do not take that resentment to the grave with you. Before you enter your grave, forgive. It is for your own good.”
“Forgiveness can mess up the enemy's plans. Remember that the enemy’s plan is to entrap you in bitterness. When you choose forgiveness, you break free and walk towards the betterment of yourself.”
“Forgiveness does not mean you embrace foolishness. It is a means to prevent any bitterness from taking up space in your life.”
“Forgiveness is letting go of any bitterness and pain caused by someone, whether or not they apologise for it.”
“Forgiveness is the cleaning process you go through to eliminate bitterness from your heart.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to walk around like you are fine while bitterness is eating you up.”
“Bad things happen to the best of people, and we cannot let them overwhelm us. Life doesn’t always work out the way we plan, but it does work out in the end.”
“Anything that needs to be proven. It is not it. For the fact that you have to prove it is. It means its being is questionable that it might happen to be something else. If it is what it is. The won't be a need to convince , persuade , and influence others. So as to change their narrative or perception to see it the way you see it.”
“If your aim is to succeed in life, you can't carry everyone along with you. It is very important to know who to keep and who to discard, because the wrong choice of people can ruin your life.”
“You can hide the moon & sun with the palm of your hand, when they are fully visible in the eyesight, just don’t forget the true reality of life. -MillYentei D.Y.”
“Noi, oamenii, nu pricepem cât de mare este Dumnezeu. Ne-a dat o minte extraordinară și o inimă sensibilă. Ne-a binecuvântat cu două buze cu care să vorbim și să ne exprimăm sentimentele, cu doi ochi cu care să vedem lumea plină de culori și de frumusețe, cu două picioare cu care să mergem pe drumul vieții, cu două mâini care să ne ajute să facem treabă, cu un nas care simte toate parfumurile minunate și cu două urechi cu care să auzim cuvinte de dragoste. Așa cum am constatat eu când nu mai auzeam cu o ureche, nu ne dăm seama de cât de multă putere stă în fiecare organ de simț până nu ne pierdem unul.”
“I would not join any club which would have me be a member.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped a few, you grasped something." I once read! [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good or bad of you; give em something to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped a few, you grasped something." I once read! [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always. Whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always, whether they like you or not! The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. Whether they think good, or bad of you; give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“The difference between what you say and what you do is the real you.”
“The best way to live life is to live it your way every day, not some days.”
“If you grasped many, you did not grasp anything; if you grasped few, you grasped something." [Rosh Hashanah 4b] Be real and speak truth always, whether they like you or not; whether they think good, or bad of you. The ABSOLUTE worst, first impression one can leave, is to leave no impression at all whatsoever. So give em somethin to remember. - James L. Sheppard”
“Forgiveness requires strength because sometimes the people you forgive may repeat the same offence and you should be ready to forgive regardless!”
“Forgiveness should be an everyday exercise. You need to forgive yourself for what you did to others and forgive others for what they did to you.”
“Forgiveness will help you focus not on other people’s mistakes but on your own. When you forgive, you will find the right things to focus on—things that have merit.”
“When pride is at its peak, it becomes hard to forgive. Forgiveness and humility go hand in hand. Until you are humble, you will not forgive.”
“Ask the Lord, your fortress to grant you the grace to forgive.”
“Christ knew it would not be easy to forgive, so He taught a lot about forgiveness by demonstrating it to the world.”
“Forgiveness happens when those who know they have been forgiven by God can easily forgive others.”
“Forgiveness is a critical attribute expected of anyone who calls themselves a child of God.”
“Forgiveness is a decision taken with humility by the offended to stop the offence from causing more harm.”
“Forgiveness is the refusal to be controlled by the offence, but by the Spirit of God.”
“Forgiveness is refusing to dance to the tune of the enemy. It is fine-tuning your heart with the will of God in order to live in peace.”
“Forgiveness is about revealing the love, compassion and power of God within.”
“Forgiveness is key in the Kingdom of God.”
“Forgiveness is what every child of God needs to learn because, by being a child of God, you have been forgiven so you can forgive others.”
“Forgiveness is obedience to the Word of God.”
“They fuck you up, your mum and dad. They may not mean to, but they do. They fill you with the faults they had And add some extra, just for you. But they were fucked up in their turn By fools in old-style hats and coats, Who half the time were soppy stern And half at one another's throats.”
“God has forgiven us and still forgives us every time we repent of our sins. This indicates that we are not called to sin but to live in accordance with His will.”
“Forgiveness is done by those who do not want their future sabotaged by their past.”
“Forgiveness is easy when you are not ready to carry other people’s burdens on your shoulders.”
“Forgiveness is letting go of anything that negatively affects many things in your life.”
“Forgiveness is not an easy task, but it is worth giving it a try.”
“Forgiveness is possible when you understand that everything happens for a reason. Even though some of those reasons may not be justifiable, when you choose to forgive, you usher yourself into a new season.”
“Forgiveness is taking your inner peace very seriously, to a point where you are ready to let go of what steals your peace.”
“Forgiveness is that special gift you give yourself even after the worst has happened.”
“Forgiveness is the ability to accept what happened and be strong enough to move on.”
“Forgiveness is the best way to disempower the enemy.”
“Forgiveness is the bravery you depict to avoid the slavery of hatred.”
“Forgiveness is the key to unlocking the door of happiness that was once locked by the one who offended you.”
“Forgiveness is the willingness to let go of the unforgivable things and focus on your healing.”
“Forgiveness is when you refuse to hand over your happiness to the enemy.”
“Forgiveness is winning a mental battle that keeps taking away what would make you feel better.”
“Forgiveness will never happen until you decide to make it happen.”
“Forgiveness begins when you realize that you cannot account for someone else’s wrong decisions, choices and actions.”
“Forgiveness does not depend on the offence. It depends on the extent to which the offended is willing to forgive the offender.”
“Forgiveness does not happen overnight. It takes time. When you take the time to forgive others, you will eventually see the light.”
“Forgiveness may not come easily, but it makes life easy.”
“Forgiveness is the willingness to free yourself from the person who wronged you.”
“Life is all about becoming a better version of yourself.”
“After we die money is useless, money can't buy you eternal life.”
“I have risen once. I know how to rise again.”
“The truth (Jesus) you never looked for is the one that can save you on your last day.”
“Technology is a simple tool that can be used for good or evil”
“People take innocence as idiocy in this world”
“As I get out of my bed, I feel better than yesterday”
“Choose to differentiate If you like something, or you like the idea of liking something. There is a difference between liking sex and liking the idea of having sex. Most people lose themselves or destroy themselves thinking they like something, only to find the just like the idea of it.”
“If I’d learned anything over the past few weeks, it was that talking about your loved ones kept them alive, and I needed that. I was certain Jax needed that, too.”
“The soul is a form of energy that makes you sentient.”
“Forgiveness is not easy, but when you forgive, you will become fulfilled.”
“Forgiveness makes you feel good, makes you great and helps you stay gorgeous.”
“Forgiveness will help you realise that everything that happens in each season, is for a reason.”
“Forgiveness will enable you to release anything that is hindering you from accessing your blessings.”
“No matter how much you prosper, if you do not learn to forgive, you will always be hindered by what happened in the past.”
“Those who are against you will always desire to see you unhappy. Do not grant them that wish. Forgive!”
“Unforgivable as it is sometimes, be forgiving. One day, you will feel proud.”
“When you forgive, you transmit a signal to your brain which tells the heart to be happy.”
“When you forgive, you will find a way forward in life.”
“When you forgive, you will realize how good life can be.”
“When you opt to forgive, you will find your victory.”
“When you learn to forgive those who maltreat you, you will feel good.”
“You are not forced to forgive, but if you love yourself, you will compel yourself to forgive.”
“You will find it possible to forgive when you realize that forgiveness is a remedy for yourself.”
“You will never know the power of forgiveness until you forgive.”
“Forgiveness is a bold step taken by those who seek to free themselves from the prison of the soul.”
“Forgiveness is looking the offender in the eyes and declaring yourself the ultimate overcomer.”
“Forgiveness is looking into the mirror and reminding yourself that you also deserve peace.”
“Forgiveness is a chance given to the offended to find peace after an offence has been committed against them.”
“Forgiveness is a conscious choice to recognize that you deserve to be set free.”
“Forgiveness is a step towards improving one’s life, despite what happened in the past.”
“Forgiveness is about allowing those who hurt you to handle the mess all by themselves, without you holding on to that mess.”
“Forgiveness is about looking at the one who oppressed you and letting them know you are taking back your power.”
“Forgiveness is about realizing that a human can err and still do better, even after doing the worst.”
“Forgiveness is about realizing that you are human and capable of causing harm to others. Hence, you forgive because you need to be forgiven too.”
“Forgiveness is about saying, "Okay, I saw what happened; I know what happened, but I do not want what happened to determine what happens to my happiness.”
“Forgiveness is about stopping the enemy from keeping you in the prison called hatred.”
“Forgiveness is about telling the enemy straight in the face, "You cannot have my peace.”
“Forgiveness is an arduous process, but if properly done, it produces the best results.”
“Forgiveness is an extension of grace to someone who does not even deserve that grace.”
“The infirmity of a crooked junkies lies seen to the abominable cowards" but the less learned lessons always goes on".”
“Some people can't differentiate between care and control in a relationship.”
“Most of the time, the words used are too cheap.”
“Life is Lovely, Live it Large”
“We can't change reality until we start asking better questions”
“Don't scratch your past failures. Just focus on your present goal and build your future".”
“As long as you have time, do what you really want, because once the time runs out, nothing is left".”
“Forgive yourself and others because that is the only way to forget what hurt you and focus on what can help you.”
“Forgive yourself even if you feel you do not deserve it. Remember that if you do not forgive yourself, no one will do it for you.”
“Forgive yourself for not realizing beforehand that you are part of God's plan on Earth. Now that you know, go out there and make things happen. You have the backing of the Heavens.”
“Forgive yourself. God has not only forgiven your sins, He has also forgotten about them. So, do not condemn yourself.”
“Forgive yourself. You are not flawless and will sometimes fail, but you are not a failure. Yet, failing to forgive yourself can make you feel like a failure.”
“If there is anything you need to do, it is to find it in your heart to forgive yourself and those who have wronged you in the past.”
“Once in a while, you have to be self-centred and forgive yourself.”
“Forgive yourself and others, because that is the only way to forget what hurt you and focus on what can help you.”
“Forgive yourself, even if you feel you do not deserve it. Remember that if you do not forgive yourself, no one will do it for you.”
“Forgive yourself for not realizing beforehand that you are part of God's plan on Earth. Now that you know, go out there and make things happen. You have the backing of the Heavens!”
“Once in a while, you have to be self-centred, and forgive yourself.”
“Save your mind and heart from self-destruction. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“Sometimes you do not need forgiveness from others; you just need to forgive yourself first.”
“There is an emptiness that comes from a lack of forgiveness. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“You are greatly blessed. You do not have to walk around holding onto a grudge. Forgive yourself and forgive others.”
“You may have done some terrible things in the past, but do not live a life of regrets. Move on and forgive yourself.”
“Forgiveness is like a sweet aroma. Once you accept it in your heart, it brings calm to your life.”
“Forgiveness is like being stabbed with a knife and deciding to remove it so you can tend to the wound and stop it from festering.”
“Forgiveness is like cutting down the roots of evil. When you forgive, you will feel free.”
“Forgiveness is like hunting for treasure. You will not find it until you search the right place.”
“Forgiveness is like taking a bath. You feel refreshed afterwards. When you forgive someone, you cleanse your heart and revitalize your soul.”
“Forgiveness is like walking out of prison. As you forgive, you free yourself from being a mental prisoner.”
“Forgiveness is good for your spiritual, mental and general health. Learn to forgive and improve your wellbeing.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about building your own empire. It is about building a legacy that can benefit the entire community.”
“Dear Leader, Lead without any fear if you want to lead people in the right direction.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is about providing a fair chance to others so they can lead along with you.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is always about making the best decisions, even when people think you are wrong. In the end, they will realise that you were right.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about imposing solutions on the people you lead, but discussing the problems in order to have a collective effort in addressing the existing problems.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about self-enrichment but the enrichment of the lives of your followers.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about who you are; it is about what you can do for those who depend on you.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is not about rising above the ones you lead; it is about walking side by side with them so they can go far with you.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership requires a commitment to focus on the goal, a willingness to learn, and the passion to lead the best way you can. So that in the end, you can accomplish the right mission.”
“Dear Leader! Learn from the people you lead; being a leader does not mean you know everything. Learn as much as you can. It will help you gain wisdom.”
“Dear Leader, Learn to preserve lives because those lives will protect your power as a leader.”
“Dear Leader, Learn to take criticism positively. You are a leader. As much as you will be applauded sometimes, you will also be criticised at times. This leadership coin has two sides; be ready to handle both.”
“Dear Leader, Mistakes will happen along the way. But do not make your followers think that you were the worst mistake they ever made.”
“Dear Leader, Once elected into power, ensure that all promises made during the campaign are fulfilled.”
“Dear Leader, Followers are no longer looking for eloquent leaders. They are sick and tired of too many speeches. Followers are now in dire need of leaders who implement winning strategies.”
“Dear Leader, Sometimes people will say demeaning things to you and about you as the leader. Do not diminish yourself by deviating from the goal. Focus on the right direction until you get to the desired destination.”
“Why is choosing Folly to Understand cries the Boy", Its an old's Man's Gag said the older Brother".”
“Dear Leader, Sometimes you will be blamed as a leader. Do not become lame when you encounter any blame. Learn from them and keep leading effectively. One day, you will emerge as a better leader after bracing for the toughest storms.”
“Dear Leader, There will be times when your character or decisions will be questioned. That is the reality of life. When you go through that time, when they question why you acted that way or why you had to make those decisions; face the crowd and give an account. You will be able to gain their trust through your ability to account.”
“Dear Leader, To climb high, you need a ladder. In order to lead, you need followers.”
“Dear Leader, When people choose you, do not let them lose you along the way. Always do what is good for them and they will look up to you as a good leader.”
“Dear Leader, When you are in a position of leadership, you will only be entrusted with responsibilities if you always keep your promises.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead people, at least try to understand them at their level. They will also relate well to you and support you as their leader.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead with passion and compassion for the people you lead, promotion becomes your portion.”
“Dear Leader, When you lead, do not let people plead for your service. You need to honour your leadership pledge by giving them your best service.”
“Dear Leader, When you truly love the people you lead, they will not leave your side. They will support you as a leader until you make it.”
“Dear Leader, When your leadership capacity is questioned, you need to remind yourself why you pursued that position in the first place. There is no need for self-pity in leadership. But there is more room to make an impact.”
“Dear Leader, Winning is not about alienating the people you lead. It is about leading them even when they alienate themselves, because your focus is mainly on the goal that lies ahead.”
“Dear Leader, You cannot lead people who are bleeding. Stop their bleeding first and then focus on leading.”
“Dear Leader, You need a firm surface before you can step on that ladder. Leadership is like that. You need stable followers to go higher.”
“The world needs competent and committed leaders to tackle challenges comprehensively until those challenges are conquered.”
“There are many benefits to good leadership for future generations. Where good leaders exist, future generations will inherit good working processes and not have big problems.”
“There should be no leader who is unwilling to account for his followers. Great leaders are not afraid to be held accountable, because they know that their followers count on them.”
“True leaders remain true to their calling as leaders.”
“We need leaders who can do their best and challenge the status quo for the sake of their followers.”
“What makes horse riders win the race is their ability to focus on where they are going. What makes leaders win is their ability to focus on the task at hand.”
“When leaders are determined to do their best, the lives of their followers become better.”
“When leaders are great, those who follow them are also inspired to be great.”
“When leaders are as passionate about service provision as they are about being elected into office, service provision is bound to improve.”
“When leaders excel in their positions, they often exceed the expectations of their followers.”
“When leaders protect their nations, those nations prosper.”
“When leaders stand firmly for what they believe in, they persuade their followers to stand with them.”
“When leaders take their positions, even where there is opposition, they will not be deterred from being useful in their positions.”
“When leaders work hand in hand, they will be able to stand when challenges occur.”
“Dear Leader, Be a "fit-for-purpose" kind of leader who makes a great impact on society.”
“Dear Leader, Great leadership involves accepting the blame for the mistakes of your predecessors, even if you are not the one who made them. Accepting the mistakes made by those who came before you will help you not to repeat the same mistakes.”
“Dear Leader, If you want to become great, seek wisdom first and then follow your passion, for there is nothing as tragic as a leader who lacks wisdom.”
“Dear Leader, Never walk in the footsteps of failures if you want to be a great leader.”
“Dear Leader, You have been entrusted with great responsibility. Serve with dignity and never fear accountability. Remember that one day you will be gone, but when you do your best, you will be remembered for your great impact.”
“Dear Leader, As a leader, you never wait for your followers to present their problems. You go to them and find out their existing problems so you can address them.”
“Dear Leader, Leadership is a platform where you handle problems time and again. Never be afraid of solving problems; it is a process expected of you as a leader.”
“Dear Leader, Always remember that the higher the leadership position, the more service you will be expected to render.”
“Dear Leader, Be prepared for a ‘not-so-easy easy life if you are willing to lead right. Leadership is not leisure. It has an excessive amount of pressure. But if you can handle that pressure, you will be a successful leader.”
“Dear Leader, Choose not to bleed on the people you lead. Let your own wounds remind you of the significance of supporting those in need.”
“Dear Leader, Do your best. When you do that, you will sleep well at night knowing you did what was right.”
“Dear Leader, Examine your ways so that they cannot undermine your position as a leader.”
“Dear Leader, In leadership, there will always be someone against the decisions you make. As a leader, you need to be cognizant of the fact that not everyone will applaud you all the time. There will be times when your decisions make you unpopular. Therefore, make sure you are not influenced by the need for people’s approval but by the goal to be achieved in the end.”
“Dear Leader, In leadership, you cannot please everyone, but most people will follow you with a clear conscience when you do what is pleasant.”
“Dear Leader, It is not about the number of promises you make, but the number of promises you can fulfil that will make you an effective leader.”
“Dear Leader, Lead by example; do not be a better leader outside of your home and a terrible one at home.”
“Every leader must take responsibility to serve those who put them in power.”
“Excellent leaders are always mindful that they represent the masses and not themselves.”
“Excellent leaders do not forget that excellence is part of the leadership process.”
“Exceptional leaders do exceptional things, even when they are not expected to do so.”
“Extraordinary leaders put more effort into what they do and do their work with excellence. They are always cautious about their actions.”
“If leaders unite worldwide, the world will be a better place, because divisions subject people to pain and poverty.”
“If leaders could inquire from their followers about their welfare and wellbeing before addressing them, their focus would change from only presenting speeches to implementing what is written in their speeches.”
“In leadership, some decisions are hard to make, but that is what leadership is all about. It is about making the hardest decisions and facing the harshest conditions to improve the followers’ living conditions.”
“Inclusive leadership creates enough room for community involvement.”
“It is not easy to excel in leadership, but it is possible where there is willingness and commitment.”
“It is not the number of years in a position that makes one a great leader. It is the number of lives empowered during those years that matters.”
“It is not the shells of the past that leaders should focus on, but the state of the future. When leaders have a brighter future in mind, they will be inspired to do better in life.”
“It takes sobriety to make critical decisions in leadership.”
“It takes strong-willed leaders to take followers out of the wilderness.”
“Leaders should know that it is not only about the votes. It is about adding value to those who voted them into power.”
“Leadership without clear goals is like students without a lecturer. It will be hard for them to know what they are expected to do and how it should be done.”
“The masses do not need big words from their leaders. They only need to see their leaders take action when it matters most.”
“Noble leaders do not seek marbles for their own houses; they desire a better life for those they lead. In the eyes of noble leaders, leadership is not about what one acquires. It is about making an impact.”
“People need to know they are trusted, guided and supported by their leaders in order to excel. Exceptional leaders are always keen to do that.”
“Power is good when given to leaders who desire to empower others, but terrible when given to those with the intention to oppress others.”
“Rational leaders make rational decisions. Leaders who are prone to making irrational decisions do injustice to the power vested upon them.”
“Selfless leaders are able to self-evaluate and self-correct. They are not obsessed with leadership positions; they are passionate about rendering excellent service.”
“Some decisions taken by leaders may not be popular, because leadership is not a popularity contest.”
“The best way to transform society is not through violent demonstrations, but through calculated conversations that question leadership and require accountability from leaders.”
“The essence of leadership lies in the empowerment of those who are powerless.”
“The eyes of revolutionary leaders are fixated nowhere else, but on the revolution itself.”
“The failures of past leaders must never be used to deny the current leadership a chance to lead. Current leaders must never be judged due to the mistakes of their predecessors, but by their impact.”
“The most celebrated leaders are not those who make celebrations in honour of themselves, but those who create opportunities for others to celebrate.”
“A significant part of leadership is when leaders are determined to identify a vision, share it and see it to fruition.”
“The strength of leadership is seen in its ability to help the underprivileged.”
“Great leaders comprehend that they will always face problems. That is why they put on their leadership hats with no fear of any problem that presents itself.”
“Great leaders do not create problems; they solve them.”
“Great leaders do not focus on the problems, but on how to solve them.”
“Great leaders think beyond yesterday. They deal with the issues of today and focus on addressing the problems of tomorrow.”
“It is not the intensity of the problem that makes leaders succeed. It is their willingness to solve problems that exist.”
“Leaders should be reliable, available, and effective in problem-solving.”
“Leaders should not only be interested in initiating new projects to solve old problems. They should look into what was done in the past so they can replicate what works and come up with better solutions for what did not work.”
“Leadership can only be effective if leaders do not shy away from planning, implementing and evaluating solutions.”
“Leadership is about putting more effort into addressing the problems at hand.”
“Leadership means finding solutions to problems that seem impossible to solve.”
“Progressive leaders seek long-lasting solutions to problems instead of quick, short-term solutions that lead to recurring problems.”
“When a problem exists, great leaders do not just speak about it. They seek proper solutions to tackle that problem.”
“When great leaders look at problems, they see opportunities to provide solutions. Not just for their benefit but for the sake of those who follow them.”
“When leaders decide to be selfless, they effortlessly solve societal problems.”
“Where leaders are willing to solve major problems, major development programs succeed.”
“Where there is a leader, there will always be problems that need solutions. A great leader does not sit around and not solve problems. He faces them head-on.”
“A leader is best tested on their ability to handle a crisis or criticism.”
“A leader who is prepared to face the demands of the followers is worthy of leading.”
“True leadership is seen when things are tough because only tough leaders can handle tough times.”
“A leadership decision or action that does not align with the moral compass will always be questionable in the long run.”
“A noble leader leads by example. He says what he does and does what he says.”
“A selfless leader can turn the darkness of a community into an opportunity that brings about success.”
“Accountable leaders operate transparently and put effort into ensuring good governance.”
“An accountable leader takes responsibility very seriously.”
“Any leadership that is organized can never be disorganized by those who like disorder.”
“Any leadership that undermines the youth will never enjoy the privilege of bright and vibrant minds.”
“Any liberation that happens through deliberation is better than the spilling of innocent blood.”
“Clean leadership requires one not to be afraid of handling dirt.”
“Efficient leaders put more effort into ensuring they succeed in meeting the needs of the people.”
“Every leader has an opportunity to make the world a better place by listening to the pleas of the people.”
“Conscious leaders are continuously prepared to reach out to their followers, because their conscience can never allow them to neglect those who need them.”
“Conscious leaders choose to be honest, even when everyone else suspects them of being dishonest.”
“Conscious leaders know how to curtail any confusion, because they are clear about what needs to be done and how it should be done.”
“Conscious leadership means being able to make sober decisions and realize that those decisions will impact a thousand generations to come.”
“Conscious leadership occurs when leaders take a comprehensive approach to solving problems, because conscious leaders are aware that when a certain problem is not resolved, it will continue to exist.”
“A successful leader is always concerned about the people he serves because he knows that service that cannot improve lives will not be counted as a success.”
“For any country to be successful, the leader needs to work on collective success rather than self-enrichment.”
“It is easy for true leaders to succeed because their mission is to carve the followers' paths to success.”
“Successful leaders are truthful about what they do, because they know they can never succeed if they take shortcuts by lying to their followers.”
“Successful leaders do not invest in personal materials. They invest in the lives of their followers, because they understand that when everyone succeeds, it makes their leadership a success.”
“Successful leaders may seem weak, yet they can implement powerful strategies that help many win.”
“Successful leadership is a process where leaders succeed in making their vision a reality.”
“The success of leaders depends upon their commitment and the engagement of their followers.”
“When leaders put more effort into changing lives, they will succeed because successful leadership is all about transformation.”
“When leaders succeed in helping communities, they should be given a chance to transfer those leadership skills to others.”
“Everyone is free to say whatever they want. Now believe the lies. The only fact reliable is that everyone is free to say whatever they want. Human beings are created in a way that the brain thinks silently.”
“People try to prevail their own truth. And they use evil means. They torture, they threaten. What they impose as truth keeps them in power, but it is fascistic. When the truth is a strategy or a pattern is not genuine truth.”
“Unless humanity invents a device that can expose all the information in the world, there can be no justice, because no human can be a reliable source. Every human can be manipulated trough money, deceit, threats.”
“I'm not saying nothing, excepting to say it were done because it were needed to be done. There were lives needed saving. And there's an end to it. Lie isn't about medals. Now off you go, and leave me be. I got my lighthouse to look after.' And he just turned and walked away.”
“Success is the circle, hard work is the perimeter of it. the diameter of success is the addition of radius and radius of success is the failures of it”
“When leaders succeed in their leadership roles, they must be applauded for making progress.”
“Any leadership that lacks direction is like dew. When heat appears, it disappears.”
“Leaders should know their goals and champion the accomplishment of those goals by leading others in the right direction. A directionless leader is chaotic to follow.”
“Leaders with good ambition always find it possible to stir their leadership in the right direction.”
“Leadership cannot happen unless someone is willing to lead others in the right direction.”
“Leadership is about influencing followers to follow in the right direction.”
“Leadership is about showing others the right direction, and many people get lost when their leaders lack a sense of direction.”
“Leadership is about the right decision, the right direction and the right dimension. Without these three, leadership will always seem like a deviation.”
“Leadership is not about driving the most expensive car or flying on the most expensive private jet. It is about moving in the right direction and guiding people to the right destination.”
“The world does not need too many leaders. It just needs a few who can stir many people in the right direction.”
“Transformational leaders do not focus on chasing after an income; they pay more attention to the genuine transformation of their followers.”
“Transformational leaders earn the trust of their followers, because they know how to turn things around and produce excellent results.”
“Transformational leaders may look simple and their approaches may be simple, but they always find ways to handle complicated problems.”
“Transformational leadership does not only transform the life of the leader, but also the lives of those who are being led.”
“Transformational leadership is a calling, much more than a title. A transformational leader does not care how they are called. They only care about what they have been called to do.”
“Transformational leadership is about maximizing limited resources in order to obtain great results.”
“Transformational leadership is about having the right influence on followers, rather than creating affluence for individual leaders.”
“Transformational leadership is like medicine for society. It mends whatever is broken.”
“Transformational leadership is the ability to follow an ethical mandate, in order to attain the goals that lie ahead.”
“Transformational leadership is when those in power do what they can to empower those who are powerless.”
“Transformational leadership occurs when the leaders focus on empowering people, not just what they can gain from that position.”
“Even in the darkest hour of the night, a star can shine. A great leader is like a star that brings forth light.”
“Leaders are like lecturers. They can either stand in front and teach, be at the centre and facilitate, or even be at the back and invigilate. Their task is to ensure what needs to be done gets done at the right time.”
“Leaders are like vessels that move a goal to its destination. That is why great leaders always become servants, because leadership is not a luxury but an act of service to others.”
“Leadership is like a tree, without deep roots: the trunk cannot survive. But without the trunk, roots alone cannot make a tree. Leadership needs a vision, a leader and followers.”
“Leadership is like candlelight. It brings forth light in the darkness.”
“Leadership is like a train; without the head (leader), the coaches (followers) cannot move.”
“Leadership does not begin when one is elected to a leadership role. It begins way before that. It is not an instant event. It requires intense preparation.”
“Leadership is not about occupying any seat for the longest period of time. It is about making the most significant impact, even for a short while.”
“Leadership is not about personal interests. It is about a deep interest in serving others.”
“Leadership is not just about self-service; it is about service to others.”
“Leadership is not about occupying the front seat. It is being at the forefront of the struggle to free people from whatever is troubling them.”
“Leadership is not about titles and self-enhancements. It is an agreement to serve those entitled to the service.”
“Leadership is not an easy task. Yet, leaders are expected to make the lives of those they lead much easier.”
“Leadership is not determined by age or background. Age does not define how effective a leader can be. Certainly, a place of birth cannot limit one from being a great leader.”
“Leadership is not for short-sighted people but for those who strive to influence others to achieve great results, even with limited resources and time.”
“Leadership is not for the selfish. It is for those who are selfless enough to hold others by the hand and help them get up.”
“Leadership is not for weak-minded people; it is for the strong-willed, who can listen to the will of their followers without being weakened by the challenges at hand.”
“Leadership is not like running a dealership. A dealership aims for profits, but leadership prioritizes impact.”
“Leadership is not only about titles. It is about offering good service to the followers.”
“Effective leaders are often moved by the needs of their followers and the need to accomplish a collective vision. That is why, they are able to make the right moves and win big.”
“Effective leaders continue to influence others, even when their tenure ends because for them leadership is not only about the position, it is about making a good contribution.”
“Effective leaders never wait for people to tell them what needs to be done. They know when something needs to be done. They consult with relevant people and do what needs to be done.”
“Effective leaders share their vision, so that when they embark on a mission everyone can make a good contribution.”
“Effective leaders take crucial steps to find solutions. They examine the problem, the reasons why it exists and how they can solve it or live with it.”
“Powerful leaders do not allow power to corrupt the good in them. They allow power to fuel them to do the correct thing.”
“Powerful leaders do not demand respect from their followers, they earn it.”
“Powerful leaders do not pressurise people with their power.”
“Powerful leaders do not use their power to pull others down. They use it to lift them up.”
“Powerful leaders empower their followers so that when they are no longer in power, the mission can still be accomplished.”
“Powerful leaders use wisdom to empower their followers, because they understand the privilege of being offered an opportunity to lead.”
“Leadership is a decision to stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves, even when it is hard sometimes.”
“Leadership is not only a gift. It is a decision. One cannot lead effectively if unwilling to embrace the true value of leadership.”
“Leadership is about carrying the heavy load of the followers on your shoulders and empowering them to work with leaders to lighten that heavy load.”
“Leadership is all about the transformation of people’s lives.”
“Leadership is all about the transformation of people’s lives. Without transformation, there is no leadership.”
“Leadership is critical in every field. Hence, every field needs leaders who are passionate about transformation, not just to occupy seats and obtain titles without making efforts to honour the followers.”
“Leadership is not about dictatorship. Dictatorship denies one the chance of becoming a great leader.”
“Leadership is not about writing and reading speeches. It goes beyond that. Leadership is when leaders read speeches that can resonate with their followers as they relate to the service rendered.”
“Leadership is not measured by the number of speeches a leader makes but by the extent to which the leader’s life is changed and how he also changes the lives of others.”
“Leadership is the ability to stand for those who cannot stand for themselves, by sitting down with them and finding out what can be done best to assist them.”
“Leadership is the acceptance of social service. It is not about self-service at all.”
“Leadership is the process of offering a good chance to an individual to represent others in areas where they cannot represent themselves.”
“Leadership is the willingness to learn every day and implement the lessons learned in the right way.”
“Leadership is when a leader is able to lead those who follow him towards the set goals.”
“Leadership requires a willingness to learn every day. Learning never stops for leaders who are willing to be efficient.”
“There is a difference between leadership and just occupying a prominent seat in the office. True leaders are not only known for their assigned titles. They are mainly known for doing great things.”
“Authentic leaders do not lead for the sake of validation. They are validated by the impact of their contributions.”
“Authentic leadership is an opportunity that allows leaders to contribute effectively to the lives of their followers.”
“Leadership is an arduous task. It requires hard work and a high level of commitment from those who lead. Better yet, a transformational leader will always find better ways to simplify things in order to make an impact.”
“What changes a life is not simply learning more, though education is important. What changes a life is making decisions -- the best decisions you can make -- and acting on them.”
“Great leaders do not cause headaches in society. They find solutions to issues that cause numerous headaches in communities.”
“Great leaders do not find pleasure in instigating wars. They strive for peace for the sake of their followers.”
“Great leaders expand their vision by showing their followers how they can turn visions into reality.”
“Great leaders make an impact with limited resources, but inefficient leaders cannot yield good returns even with abundant resources.”
“Great leaders should be remembered for two things: their greatness and their goodness to the people they served.”
“Humility is a good trait of great leaders, because a great leader never forgets that he is in that position because of the followers.”
“No opposition can stop great leaders from assuming their rightful positions, because great leaders know their expectations.”
“A wise leader’s ears are always open, because he cannot afford to ignore the voices of those who look up to him.”
“Only wise leaders will understand the importance of enhancing peace.”
“Wise leaders learn how to lead and teach others how to do so, because they know that leadership is a lifelong learning process.”
“In their quest for wisdom, wise leaders surround themselves with wise advisors and they listen to wise counsel.”
“Wise leaders heed lessons from great people and share those lessons with others.”
“A smart leader listens in order to learn something, because he knows he cannot know everything.”
“Smart leaders always ask: "Who is important to us? What is important to us? Why is it important to us? How many things are important to us? And for how long will it be important to us?" They ask all these questions before embarking on the problem-solving process, because they are determined to come up with the right and sustainable solutions.”
“Smart leaders strive for peace because it is a non-painful process of problem-solving when compared to a war.”
“When there is a problem, a smart leader does not ignore it and hopes it goes away. He tackles it head-on because he knows that until it is solved, it will continue to exist.”
“Effective leaders are able to account for what they have done and what they still need to do because they understand the power of looking back and reflecting, as well as looking ahead and planning.”
“Effective leaders are often moved by the needs of their followers and the need to accomplish a collective vision. That is why they are able to make the right moves and win big.”
“Effective leaders are never afraid of the task ahead, because they know they will do whatever it takes to achieve their set goals.”
“It's painful to be in an emotional relationship with someone who is emotionless.”
“When you help someone who doesn't need any help, you harm them more with your help.”
“Sometimes all one need in life is hope and faith.”
“Effective leaders continue to influence others, even when their tenure ends because for them, leadership is not only about the position, it is about making a good contribution.”
“Effective leaders create efficiencies and eliminate deficiencies.”
“Effective leaders do not fear commitment, because they are committed to seeing their mission come to fruition.”
“A smart leader listens in order to learn something because he knows he cannot know everything.”
“Smart leaders always ask: "Who is important to us? What is important to us? Why is it important to us? How many things are important to us? And for how long will it be important to us?" They ask all these questions before embarking on the problem-solving process because they are determined to come up with the right and sustainable solutions.”
“When there is a problem, a smart leader does not ignore it and hopes it goes away. He tackles it head-on, because he knows that until it is solved, it will continue to exist.”
“Effective leaders are able to account for what they have done and what they still need to do, because they understand the power of looking back and reflecting, as well as looking ahead and planning.”
“And I’d be lying if I didn’t take a lot of pride in what I think of as my personal superpower: the ability to accept and embrace things as they are, not as I wish they could be.”
“Leaders should be comfortable with being led as well. It is the only way they can gain wisdom.”
“Leaders should be knowledgeable because informed leaders are torchbearers who walk in front and lead the way, even in times of darkness.”
“Leaders should lead as if they were born for leadership and nothing else because effective leadership leads to magnificent results.”
“Leaders should not always wait to be told what to do. They should always be on the lookout for what needs to be done. Leadership is about giving hope to those being led.”
“Leaders stumble. Leaders fall and leaders fail sometimes. But what makes great leaders is their constant attempt at success, despite any previous failures.”
“Leaders who are committed to the right vision do not have time to fuel divisions in the organisation.”
“Leaders who are more concerned about the output of their roles, progress far better than those who are more concerned about robes.”
“Leaders who care about their followers focus on what bothers them.”
“Leaders who do not fear accountability always achieve more. Accountability empowers a leader to search for better strategies to lead.”
“Leaders who do not learn from the mistakes of past leaders are likely to make more mistakes than their predecessors. Leadership is about learning what worked and what did not, in order to avoid repeating things that never worked.”
“Leaders who forget the masses after they are voted into power should not be voted in the next polls.”
“Leaders who lack a vision will never know where they are going.”
“Leaders who love their societies do not hide behind excuses. Even when there are reasons to derail from finding solutions, they always come up with effective solutions.”
“Leaders who neglect those who elected them must never be given another chance to lead.”
“Leaders who oppress their followers are not leaders, but mere dictators who want to tell people what to do without showing them how to do it.”
“I did not yet know that glimpses were not complete access or revelation, that sometimes you uncover what they want you to uncover or things that are best left unheard.”
“The last time I ever saw Jeff alive, he gave me a gift - an hourglass. And it took over two decades later for the symbolism to finally dawn on me: an hourglass, gifted from a young man with one foot planted in the next world. His time was running out. Even the hourglass he gifted me appeared to have been stolen - I imagine from the desktop of one of the school classrooms he was hired to clean. Not borrowed time but stolen.”
“Some people are not loved back in a relationship. They just get manipulated.”
“A trait of great leaders is the ability to treat followers with great respect.”
“Every leader will always face opposition. But great leaders cannot be disturbed by the tricks of the opposition. They are always driven to help their followers achieve their goals.”
“Great efforts lead to great outcomes. That is why great leaders do not cause an outcry among their followers, because they work hard and help save lives.”
“Great leaders are always mindful of the need to be accountable. Whatever they do is within the ambit of the law. Not only do they abide by the rules of law, they also adhere to ethical principles.”
“Great leaders are ordinary men and women who refuse to settle for mediocrity, because their aim is to lead their followers to greatness.”
“Stray is the pride-confidence of legless bone-folded fool", transcending all its health and might in chasing after the Wind".”
“Stray is the pride-confidence of legless bone-folded fool", transcending all its health and might in chasing after the Winds and clouds".”
“Great leaders work closely with their followers, because their sole mandate is to know the needs of their followers and address those needs accordingly.”
“Great leaders avoid confusion and offer a clear direction, because they are custodians of great visions.”
“Great leaders can never go to the grave without empowering others. They empower others to lead before their time on earth is over, because they understand that leadership is a baton that needs to be handed over.”
“Great leaders choose to mentor others before their tenure comes to an end, because they know that great things should not end with them.”
“Dear Daughter, Some dark clouds help you realize you are a child of the light and that yours is to shine your light.”
“Dear Daughter, The beauty of the stars is visible in the night. So, when you are in the dark, do not forget to shine.”
“Dear Daughter, The darker it becomes, the brighter the stars. Do not worry about the dark nights. Just make sure you shine.”
“Dear Daughter, The more you look for ways to shine your light, the brighter you will shine.”
“Dear Daughter, When the sun does not shine bright in your life, look at the bright side of life. Do things that make you shine and you will be fine.”
“Dear Daughter, When you are in the spotlight, there will be those who aim to dull your shine. Be cautious at all times and aim to shine no matter what.”
“Dear Daughter, Your light will always shine bright and inspire those who are pro-light.”
“You want to bask in your perfect marriage, with your perfect wife and kids, and gloat at the rest of the world! Dont you? And now you've found a flaw, you cant stand it. Well, stand it, Simon! Stand it! Because the world is full of flaws.”
“Questions work as filters, so put some time into thinking about who you are filtering out.”
“In the metaverse, the truth will be essential to our existence.”
“Traditional education is designed to empower the stupid.”
“Traditional education allows only the stupid to thrive.”
“We are just other chickens in the multiverse, with our own finite species-specific knowledge limits that we can never surpass.”
“The moon in the night sky reminds us that the sun hasn't left us. It's waiting in the sunshine.”
“Messenger reflects one's true self.”
“Happiness and pain are two sides of the same coin.”
“Happiness and pain are essentially the same thing.”
“If you want to be happy in life, embrace pain, for it is proportional to happiness.”
“Each pain brings with it an equal amount of happiness.”
“If you had asked me to stop breathing, I would have complied without complaining. But not loving you is not an option.”
“Life always teaches lessons. Some situations are a learning experience. You need to pay attention which ones are those ones, So that the history doesn’t repeat itself and because those ones are the ones that will build you up . Making you stronger, wiser, richer, happier and successful.”
“Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.”
“You should know when to hold on, and when to move on.”
“Either you love someone totally or you don't. There's no in-between.”
“- I closed my eyes and stepped myself in that long-ago darkness. I heard the wind with unusual clarity. A light breeze swept past me, leaving strangely brilliant trails in the dark. I open my eyes to find the darkness of the summer night a few degrees deeper than it had been.”
“What happens when people open their hearts? - They get better.”
“There exists many heavy hardships that life presents to us but we must have the courage to conquer.”
“Basketball rule #3 Never let anyone lower your goals Other's expectations of you are determined by their limitations of life. The sky is the limit, sons. Always shoot for the sun And you _will_ shine.”
“Leaders can only be entrusted with leading if they earn the trust of their followers.”
“Leaders need to embrace correction if they want to avoid making the same mistakes.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not dance in the mud if you want to make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Do whatever it takes to make your mark. Set boundaries if you must.”
“Dear Daughter, It is easy to make your mark if you know who you are.”
“Dear Daughter, Ensure that your choice or action does not derail you from doing what is right. Make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Make the most of your life. Serve others and make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark and shine bright. Just like a candle makes its mark by shining in the dark.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark so that no one misrepresents you on this journey of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Make your mark wherever you are and you will shine.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes you have to forget who you are and focus on making your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, There are great rewards for making your mark. Start right where you are and make an indelible mark.”
“Dear Daughter, When it comes to making your mark, do not negotiate with anyone. Do what you must.”
“Dear Daughter, Wherever you are, make your mark and you will shine like a star.”
“Dear Daughter, You will sometimes face seasons in your life that do not reflect triumph, but when you focus on making your mark, you will become a woman of impact.”
“Dear Daughter, Light up the night like the moonlight and sparkle like a star.”
“Dear Daughter, Let no one convince you otherwise. You were born to shine and that is what you must remember at all times.”
“Dear Daughter, Be the light, shine bright and do wonders. This is your life, make it count.”
“Dear Daughter, Do what you must, with the light at your disposal. Make sure it shines brighter.”
“Dear Daughter, Even on the darkest night, the brightest stars continue to shine. Therefore, shine bright wherever you are.”
“Dear Daughter, From daytime to noontime, from nighttime to sunshine ─ shine bright, right where you are.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to shine your light, you must be willing to advance in life.”
“Dear Daughter, Even in the night, shine your light.”
“Dear Daughter, It does not matter how dark it gets, the stars will always shine bright. You must also shine, just like the stars.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes it will turn dark. Very, very dark. Yours is to shine your light, no matter what.”
“Dear Daughter, Just like the morning sun rises after the darkest night and somehow manages to shine bright. Aim to shine your light.”
“Dear Daughter, Let your life be a testament to God’s love, grace and mercy. Choose to shine bright without any shadow of doubt.”
“Dear Daughter, Opt to only dine with people who want to see you shine. Then you will shine if you are diligent enough.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine bright. You are a child of the light!”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light even if circumstances compel you to do otherwise. When you shine your light, no one can keep you down.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light right where you are because you are a daughter of light.”
“Dear Daughter, Shine your light. You have no idea how many people are waiting on you to show them how it is done.”
“When your chance comes, don’t miss it. When it comes, you can’t go idly doing the same things you’ve always done. Be bold, and try seizing your chance by doing sometimes completely different. If you do that, your dissatisfaction will disappear, and you be able to walk down a new path.”
“Dear Daughter, The most special person in your life should be you. Do not forget to adore yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, There are certain things in life you are obligated to do. Take charge and never be a coward.”
“Dear Daughter, There is so much you can achieve in this life. Go out there, work hard and become an achiever.”
“Dear Daughter, Things may not go the way you want them to, but you should remain uplifted, empowered, and encouraged regardless. Focus on the positive aspects of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Tomorrow belongs to no one. Today has been given to you and yesterday is gone. So, live life freely with no regrets.”
“Dear Daughter, When you begin to focus on opportunities rather than obstacles, your life will be filled with miracles.”
“Dear Daughter, When you do not feel like going on, just keep going until you reach the top.”
“Dear Daughter, When you help others, you will get a sense of accomplishment and your life will change for the better. Hence, you should not grow weary of being a good person; it will enrich your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Your life matters, therefore, do what matters..”
“Don't lose your identity in trying to save the existence of your relationship.”
“We are not subjected to Death, Murder, Killing, Tragedy, Agony nor Miseries of Hells", not Bone folded Fools". We fold , Unfold and Stretches .”
“Hi Celestials Here is a Topic Why do some guys derive joy in spending huge amount of money buying free drinks, for their friends, but can't help or support them? A very sensitive question I couldn't ignore. I've seen this questions in couple of places and now it has been directed specifically to me. I 'm sure you must have come across this scenario or probably been a victim. Someone you've known for long, a childhood friend or colleague hits the jackpot. He excitedly called for celebration, spending a fortune on foods and drinks. Intact he's ready to close down the restaurant that night, but behind close doors, you've been asking him for a little financial assistance to boost your business or start up something, but he keeps giving excuses. After having so much thoughts about this, I only came up with one conclusion. And that is the fact life is partly competition, at least that is how some folks views it. The bitter truth is that Nobody wants you to be greater than they are except your parents. Everybody wants to be ahead. I call them dream wreckers. They would rather watch your dream die, than assist you. They prefer receiving accolades in public for feeding the whole community with foods and beer, than changing someone's destiny. Because it boost their Ego. Depend on them at your own peril. That's why bible said that you need to be pitied if you still put your hopes on mere mortal. You will be shocked by the high level of disappointment. Just be focused, persistent, and do the little you within your reach, then pray for grace. When the time comes, your destiny helper will locate you, and you will know he's the one because he won't feel burdened assisting you.”
“Man, life's going to keep pushing you around, but you have to keep playing.”
“Don't feel bad about hurting those who have been hurting you for a long time.”
“Dear Daughter, Adopt a life characterised by greatness. Do not settle for mediocrity; work hard till you receive the crown reserved for those who serve with excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not become worn down by the pressure to appear perfect as long as you keep doing what results in excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not settle for mediocrity. Strive for excellence in everything you do.”
“Dear Daughter, Excellence is hard to ignore—excel in what you do and people will notice.”
“Dear Daughter, Follow paths that lead to a destination synonymous with excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, If you are the best of the best, you will make a big difference on this planet. Regardless of the circumstances, say yes to excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, Look for what you can do and do it well. Allow excellence to be your emblem.”
“Dear Daughter, Never run out of the desire to exhibit excellence wherever you are.”
“Dear Daughter, Show others your benevolence and do so with excellence. When you excel, your light will shine brightly in this world.”
“Dear Daughter, The best is in store for those who work hard and strive for excellence. Be one of those.”
“Dear Daughter, When you strive for excellence, people will see how brilliant you are. Therefore, go out there, excel and become the best.”
“Dear Daughter, You were born to excel. Do not be content with mediocrity. Be a beacon of excellence.”
“Dear Daughter, Always remember that you are good enough to make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Be willing to make your mark in life. Start right now.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not allow the vicissitudes of life to put you down. Thrive and make your mark.”
“Dear Daughter, Who you become depends on how you see yourself now, what you choose now and what you do now. Therefore, do what is right.”
“Dear Daughter, Who you were yesterday must never be who you become tomorrow. Evolve!”
“Dear Daughter, Work on your mental strength so you will not be hurt easily.”
“Dear Daughter, Work on your personal evolution so that you will not be imprisoned by other people's opinions.”
“Dear Daughter, You are a magnificent work of art. Keep that in mind.”
“Dear Daughter, You are God’s child. Not an ordinary person. You are good enough. You ought to be prepared for great things in life.”
“Dear Daughter, You are in no way obligated to let anyone define you. Maintain an accurate definition of yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, You are more valuable than many precious stones combined. Do not ever forget that.”
“Dear Daughter, Your value must never be reduced by any venue or event. Remember your worth, wherever you are in this world.”
“Dear Daughter, Although it is desirable to lead an honest life, not everyone is honest. Although it is commendable to believe in justice, not everyone is just. Although it is noble to care about others, not everyone does. Yours is not to do what others do, but to ensure that whatever you do is truthful, helpful, and meaningful.”
“Dear Daughter, Do what is meaningful in life because that is what gives meaning to the world.”
“Dear Daughter, Enjoy life with those who love you. Spend your time with everyone who cares and do not waste it on those who do not!”
“Dear Daughter, Guard against the victim mentality. It makes people feel and live as if life owes them an apology.”
“Dear Daughter, Find your calling in life and you will receive your reward.”
“Dear Daughter, How far you can advance in life is directly proportional to how well you can admit when you are wrong and how promptly you can make things right.”
“Sometimes it's the thought of someone leaving you which is more painful than the pain you feel when someone leaves you.”
“Focus on building character, not on building a false image.”
“If the people around us are supportive, life becomes easy. If they’re toxic, life becomes hard. Easy or hard, life can change in a moment and that moment may come anytime. Change claws its way out, anyhow. Nothing is constant here.”
“Dear Daughter, If you desire tranquillity in your life and want to feel fulfilled, avoid competition.”
“Dear Daughter, In this world, you are the main actor in the life you have. Do not act as an extra. You need to take the lead. Live your life in a meaningful way.”
“Dear Daughter, The opportunity to experience life is a gift that should be treasured at all times. It is vital to make the most of life, even if you cannot predict what the future holds from where you are.”
“Dear Daughter, It will always be possible to remain standing if you know how to stand for the truth.”
“Dear Daughter, Live that life. It is yours, do not outsource it to anyone.”
“Dear Daughter, No one has a perfect life, not even those whose lives seem perfect in your eyes. So, do not feel miserable based on what you see on social media. Value your life and celebrate it no matter what.”
“Dear Daughter, No one is perfect, but do not ruin your life in the name of no one being perfect.”
“Dear Daughter, Please take care of yourself. The life you have is precious and you must always remember that.”
“Dear Daughter, Remember to forget that which adds no value to your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Resist the urge to compare your life with that of someone else. You are one of a kind in this universe. Do not walk in reverse. You ought to exude confidence.”
“Dear Daughter, Stand for what you believe in, as long as your beliefs do not disregard the fundamental principles of life.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with those who make life easy so that your life can be much easier.”
“It wasn’t weapons that kept people obedient, despite what Motti, what Krennic, what Tarkin himself believed. Weapons riled people up, reminded them that they could fight. It was bureaucratic mediocrity that made them accept their fate. Show a man a blaster, and he looked for a way to take it for himself and turn it on you. Tell a man he can fight in court, and nine times out of ten he’ll disappear just to avoid the tediousness.”
“Deception  It follows us everywhere, slowly devouring our peace and sanity. It creates a wall between us preventing me from reaching you no matter how much I want to.”
“Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt.”
“The search for life's meaning is but a chain that binds us. To break free, we must embrace the present, live in harmony with nature, and find joy in the simple moments of life.”
“Disconnecting from some people is as important as connecting with some people.”
“Do not salute my accomplishments, but rather forgive me for my faults.”
“Life is short. Thank God the earth is small.”
“Dear Daughter, Stand in the gap and help those who need your helping hand.”
“Dear Daughter, Standing up for yourself does not necessarily mean you are fighting; it simply means you are doing the right thing.”
“Dear Daughter, Strive for mastery and fulfil your destiny.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with selfless people who pick you up when you are down.”
“Dear Daughter, Surround yourself with good people who will help you stay out of trouble and not endanger your life.”
“Dear Daughter, Take advantage of your abilities. It is the only way to show the world what you are capable of.”
“Dear Daughter, Teach your tongue to pronounce positivity and switch your mind off from any negativity.”
“Dear Daughter, The best thing you can do is be the best version of yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, The idea is to keep soaring no matter how much you are dragged down sometimes.”
“Dear Daughter, The journey to prosperity requires you to set priorities and seize opportunities.”
“Dear Daughter, The moment you discover that no one is more special than you are, you will realize your power.”
“Dear Daughter, The only time you should give up is when you are on the wrong path.”
“Dear Daughter, The sooner you come to terms with the fact that you are unique, the more content you will be with being yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, There are some things that no one else in the world can offer but you. Therefore, you should never look down on yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, There is a significant reason you were born. Make sure you live up to that reason.”
“Dear Daughter, There is only one version of you worldwide. That is how unique you are. So, know who you are and live your life with a sense of pride.”
“Dear Daughter, Think positively all the time. You will be surprised by how innovative you become.”
“Dear Daughter, Treat others well and it shall be well with you as well.”
“Dear Daughter, We live in a busy world, but sometimes you need to pause and remind yourself of how amazing you are.”
“Dear Daughter, When you help someone else, you end up finding the help you never thought you needed.”
“Dear Daughter, When you learn how to do better, you will become better.”
“Dear Daughter, When you set your goal, aim to accomplish it. It is in the accomplishment of goals that you will be content.”
“Dear Daughter, Wherever you go, you represent your name, your natives and your neighbourhood. Represent them well.”
“Excuse me for asking, sir, but are we expecting trouble?" "Always, Captain," Tarkin said, without levity.”
“But people —the ordinary, the decent and basically honest— couldn’t get through the day without that one indispensable bit of programming, that allowed you to say one thing and mean, feel, even do, another.”
“The next time you find yourself throwing mental darts at someone who betrayed you, just remember karma has a better aim.”
“This world is not for the weak. If you're not strong enough to endure the darkness and blood that awaits, you will crumble bit by bit. You must decide if this world is worth sacrificing everything for.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to go the extra mile, put in the extra work.”
“Dear Daughter, In this life, you will only get one shot at things, so make the most of it.”
“Dear Daughter, It is not about proving people wrong or right. It is about proving yourself right by doing what is right.”
“If life's an exercise in making memories, no one really goes away as long as they are remembered. (The many deaths of Laila Starr)”
“I asked my heart, the meaning of Happiness. I found my Soul, walking along its route long before my Mind had known. Because Happiness simply tastes like Love in a bottle of galloping Moments, nimbly fleeting yet wonderfully etched in Time's bosom of Never-ending Smile.”
“Follow your heart. You may go astray but your life will find its direction somehow.”
“I made new friends and learned new things and began to grow used to the ebb and flow of life, of old things dying and new things being born, of endings and beginnings.”
“It is okay to be a person who is still healing. The truth is that we always will be. It is a forever practice, it is that forever kind of love with yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, It is quite simple to make progress. Have a vision and be committed to the process required for success.”
“Dear Daughter, Just to give you a heads-up, keep your head up. You are enough.”
“Dear Daughter, Let nothing stop you from responding to a Divine call. Make the right choice and in the end, you will stand tall.”
“Dear Daughter, Live, learn and laugh while alive. The only chance you have is now.”
“Dear Daughter, Look around you, there is something that will amaze you.”
“Let God be the foundation of your life, and no matter what life throws at you, you will not crumble.”
“One of the best life lessons I have learned is that our habits have the power to alter mindset for better or for worse. If your daily habits are not helping you grow as a person, they are only hindering you. ”
“I never looked down on nobody, especially when I was trying to find a way to come up myself in the struggle.”
“Dear Daughter, No matter how hard it seems, your success can still happen. Make it happen.”
“Dear Daughter, Refuse to be held back by those who also have their limitations.”
“Dear Daughter, Revolutionize your life. Rise and quit looking down on yourself. You have what it takes to dream big and manifest those dreams. Do it. Do it now. Do not wait for tomorrow. The clock is ticking.”
“Dear Daughter, Search for the gift that lies dormant within. When you find it, do not ignore it; use it to glorify the One who gave you that gift.”
“Dear Daughter, Shower yourself with the best gifts. Roll out the red carpet for yourself first, because you deserve the best treatment.”
“Dear Daughter, Focus on what will bring out the best in you and do that consistently. Pay no attention to the need to seem perfect. You may have some imperfections that show up frequently, but do not forget that you were created perfectly.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes the best solution is to be silent, especially when you do not know what to do all by yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, Sometimes you may feel down, but for you to rise, you will have to get up. Do not give up and do not stay down. Go higher and higher, right where you belong.”
“Dear Daughter, Speak like a queen who occupies a special seat in this world. God created you to reign. So, be proud of who you are and look after your crown.”
“An unbreakable mask and cunning are the keys for executing a plan flawlessly.”
“Dear Daughter, Never waste time thinking about things you cannot change no matter what. Focus on creating wealth and pursuing a fruitful life.”
“Dear Daughter, Never let feelings and flashy things cause you to miss the blueprint of your destiny.”
“Dear Daughter, Never place too little or no value on your abilities. Many great things can be unearthed when you value what is within. You were born with unique gifts and the onus is on you to get them revealed.”
“Dear Daughter, At times you will encounter some closed doors, but do not allow them to steal your joy. Focus on pursuing open doors until you get to the top.”
“Dear Daughter, Conceive ideas that will lead you to open doors and perceive yourself walking through those doors. Do not be held captive by limiting perspectives. There is a God who can ensure that you experience open doors.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to experience open doors in your lifetime, declare war against things that waste your time.”
“Dear Daughter, Always ensure that your decisions and actions assist you to unlock closed doors. Avoid doing the opposite.”
“Dear Daughter, Do not get involved in situations that hinder you from accessing open doors.”
“Dear Daughter, Engage in conversations that lead to open doors and avoid unnecessary wars.”
“Dear Daughter, For you to grow, you should allow some doors to close.”
“Dear Daughter, Great doors will open when you become obedient to the voice of God.”
“Dear Daughter, Some doors will only open when you are ready to move from the valley and climb to the mountaintop.”
“Dear Daughter, Some great blessings will come in the form of doors that refuse to open when you need them the most.”
“Dear Daughter, Some great doors may not have keys to their locks. So as you knock – invite God. He alone knows how to unlock any door.”
“Dear Daughter, When you improve the quality of your thinking, you will access better doors easily.”
“Dear Daughter, You need discernment in order to recognize the right doors. When you finally discover those doors, walk through them fearlessly.”
“Dear Daughter, You need to get on your knees, to access the keys to doors that remain unseen.”
“Dear Daughter, Always pursue a better way to make this world a better place.”
“Dear Daughter, Anything you want to be, you can be. You only need to know what you need and pursue it until you win.”
“Dear Daughter, Appreciate those who run towards you, even when things are not working out for you.”
“Dear Daughter, Do a better job in taking care of the life you have. Be gentle and kind to yourself.”
“Dear Daughter, Do your best to become better than you were in the past. Do not deprive yourself of a fruitful life.”
“Dear Daughter, Do the things you know you need to do, in order to be fruitful.”
“Dear Daughter, Every situation presents a free learning opportunity. Do not miss it.”
“Dear Daughter, Get any form of negativity out of the way, if you intend to become great.”
“Dear Daughter, Go for what you believe in, if it is right for you to do it.”
“Dear Daughter, Hard work may not give you instant results, but one day you will look back and be proud.”
“Dear Daughter, History can never be changed. So, as you write in your history book, write very well.”
“Dear Daughter, If you are searching for serenity, think positively.”
“Dear Daughter, If you want to be the best, you have to work harder than everyone else.”
